Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Created
Jul 26, 2022
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
5,542
Recent readers
1,488
Threadmarks
181
"Pot licking, foul-assed, bitch," I cursed, getting Havi into a chokehold. He was my least...
Threadmarks Index Moderation Extras
Statistics (170 threadmarks, 748k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
The Honored One
Words 6.2k
Jul 26, 2022
Forewarned
Words 6.3k
Jul 26, 2022
New
Divide and Conquer
Words 3.6k
Aug 12, 2026
New
Sword of the Caliphate
Words 3.3k
Aug 19, 2026
New
Making Friends
Words 3.3k
Wednesday at 20:46
1
2
3
…
6
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks The Honored One
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 26, 2022
Add bookmark
#1
"Pot licking, foul-assed, bitch," I cursed, getting Havi into a chokehold. He was my least eldest brother, though still three years older than me. We didn't share a mother, but no one really cared about that. In response, Tormond, one of my other older brothers at fifteen, got me in a chokehold of his own with a laugh. I should have never taught him how to do a proper one, because he put me in a good one. Havi flailed in my grip as I refused to let go, while our third brother, Halfdan, took advantage of the fact that I was otherwise occupied to squat over us and start slapping me in the face repeatedly, not wanting to be left out of the fun.

Having brothers sucked. It wasn't the first time I'd had that thought, and I suspect it wouldn't be the last.

"Give up!" I wheezed, taking the hits like an absolute champion. I had to get at least one of them. At least one. For my pride. For the rewards from the gods!

Havi, that absolute dullard, shouted, "Never!"

To punctuate his proclamation, he started to roll around, trying to break my grip. It wasn't pride that motivated him. It was self-interest, because if he gave up now, then our moron brothers would turn on him and he would become the new whipping boy. Which, arguably, was a fate worse than death. Couldn't blame him for struggling against his fate, but I could and did find it annoying.

"Watch your hands, Halfdan. He'll bite them off," Tormond said, as I also struggled to escape his chokehold while trying to do exactly that. Desperate times called for desperate measures. I felt a sharp sting in my cheeks as Halfdan continued to lightly slap them -- just hard enough to be humiliating rather than deal any actual damage. There was a great big smile on his face while he did it.

Entertainment was tough to find, leaving us boys to entertain ourselves by beating the ever-loving shit out of one another. Not sure what the girls did.

"Boys! What are you doing over here? You have chores to do!" I heard a familiar voice call out -- Ida, Father's concubine.

I looked over at her as I obediently let go of Havi. She was a woman in her late twenties to early thirties, her auburn hair cut short. The mark of a thrall, because all freemen wore theirs long. It was to make it easy to identify an escaped slave. There was a slight smile on her face as she looked at us fondly. She wasn't my real mother, but she practically was one to me at this point.

However, I wasn't happy to see her. As Tormond let go of me, I heard a familiar ping in my ears.

Quest Failed: Defeat one of your brothers.
Reward: 50 exp. 10 Martial exp.
Subquest: Last long enough that the fight ends
Reward: 25 exp. 5 Martial exp.

I failed the quest to defeat my brother and lost my chance to prove myself before the gods. I accomplished the lesser quest, but its rewards were lacking in comparison. I swallowed a sigh, wishing that I had a better way to earn the gods' favor than getting my ass kicked by my brothers, but that meant leaving the farmstead. The village of Ivarstead wasn't too far away, but it was still a few hours walk, and the rewards there were just as meager as they were on the farm. Such a small village was largely beneath the gods' notice.

Ever since I had been born, the gods had showed a special interest in me, speaking to me through little images and screens that no one else could see. I didn't understand what they were at first. I had asked the others about theirs, curious as to what they were, only to find out that I was the only one to have them. Then I got beaten up for making things up and telling stories. Still, Mother helped me when I asked her to teach me what the messages said. It had taken some time for me to learn the runes inscribed upon the strange missives, but I did all the same, and since no one believed me, I never talked about what they said. About the quests the gods gave me, or the favor I earned for completing them.

That favor came in the form of what the gods called 'stats' in what I was convinced were the gods' various domains. Martial, Diplomacy, Stewardship, Intrigue, and Learning. Each of which was divided into three lesser realms, which the missives taught me were called subcategories, that had their own tallies and strange bars that filled as I grew and developed my skills -- Martial had Prowess, Tactics, and Physical Condition. Diplomacy -- Charm, Intimidation, Negotiation. Steward -- Property Management, Economic Management, Asset Management. Intrigue -- Plotting, Seduction, Networking. Learning -- Natural Knowledge, Theoretical Knowledge, Creation.

In my ten years, some of those stats had seen a lot more progress than others. Martial was developing nicely with incremental bumps -- an odd daily ritual, and entertain the gods by pitting me against my older brothers, helped me along. Learning was a close second as I learned the words for things, and how to read the runes through which the gods spoke to me. Diplomacy, Stewardship, and Intrigue hadn't seen much use or improvement. There just weren't many opportunities.

Upon earning a certain amount of the gods favor, they bestowed upon me a boon, which they fittingly referred to as Perks. For Martial, I gained the gift of being ambidextrous and gained a special attack called Power Attack. For Learning, I received Polyglot, which let me learn other languages with greater ease. That one had kind of gone to waste though, as I hadn't actually used it yet since neither my mother nor anyone else in the family knew any words outside of our own language, but I was hoping it would be useful in the future. My other perk, Green Thumb, implanted knowledge from Thor in my head on how to make the farm more successful.

How to shift the soil, how to make sure the plants stayed healthy, how to spot blights early, crop rotation, and how to make something called a fertilizer. The results weren't great, but each harvest was consistent and we didn't have to worry about a bad harvest like we had before. Thor hadn't taught me how to make the land fertile and plentiful. Instead, he taught me how to ensure that the land produced consistently.

It was left to me to uncover which of these stats belonged to which god. Allfather Odin sought knowledge, so I was sure that his stat was Learning. Thor was the god of might, so he was clearly the Martial stat. And if he wasn't, then it was Tyr, the god of heroism and war. Diplomacy was likely the slain son of Odin, Baldur, since he had been so beloved by all the gods. Stewardship was probably his mother, Queen Frigg of the Aesir. Intrigue was obviously the domain of Loki, god of mischief.

So, I had to strive to succeed in all of them. I couldn't disappoint the gods.

"I already did mine," I protested, earning a shove from Havi. I shot him a dirty look -- don't blame me because you couldn't be bothered to do your chores. There was plenty of hard work to be found on the farm, and between everyone on the farmstead, there was a pretty even divide of who did what. I just did my work at the start of the day. It meant I could do what I wanted for the rest of it.

Ida gave me a knowing look, "Go check the traps, Siegfried. You're the one that insisted on placing them," she told me. That was… fair. I had been pretty insistent on making traps, but it was mostly to better my skill with crafts. At first I tried to weave with my sisters and mother, but that really angered Father when he found out that I wanted to do 'woman's work', so it wasn't worth it. Making traps was considered manly, however, because I was killing something and providing for the family.

"Alright," I agreed casting my brothers a look as I started to march. "Dickheads," I jeered, getting in one final jab at them

"Asslicker," was the retort they settled on. With that, we separated for now as I started down a well-walked path away from the house. One that was flanked by the fields of the farmstead. The plots were about a thousand steps long and about a fourth that wide. There were a number of them, each separated from the others with a small break to prevent the spread of disease and to mark out what was going where. In no time at all, I reached their end and made my way through the forest to check the various traps I had set.

I started making them a few years back, and it quickly became my responsibility to maintain and check them. I was happy to. Each catch was a meal for my family -- my parents, my brothers, and sisters that still lived, and even Ida, and I earned favor from the gods for my filial piety.

Ida was somewhere between a member of the family and a servant. She was a thrall. A slave. Even if at times it seemed as if she were my second mother. When I was younger, I had even boldly proclaimed that I would free her and make her a part of our family in truth.

Ida just laughed, kissed me on the head, and tucked me in while telling me that I didn't need to. That she didn't mind her place as our thrall and my father's concubine.

She had been taken from her home when she hadn't been much older than me, sold at a market, and bought by my father for a few coins. For twenty years, she had been our family's property, and she was… fine with it, as far as I could tell. She didn't seem to mind her life. She seemed happy, even. To me she was every bit a part of the family as my brothers and sisters were.

I spotted a rabbit in one of my snares, and it must have been a fresh catch since it was still thrashing about as it hung above the ground with a noose around one of its back feet. With the ease of long practice, I walked over, grabbed the rabbit by the scruff around the back of its head, and turned its head sharply to one side. There was a sharp crack as its neck snapped and I got two exp for killing the rabbit as painlessly as I could. Tying him to my belt by his ears, I reset the snare and began to move through the other traps.

Three of them were empty, but I snagged another rabbit in the fourth. And with my handy sling, which was just a strip of leather and some flax twine, I snagged a few squirrels too. Each gave a little exp to my overall 'Level' -- though I had no clue what it actually meant -- and a little to my Martial via Marksmanship. After walking down a gentle slope, I found myself standing near the rushing water of a vast river. There was another stretch of land on the other side that was covered in trees, but I had never been there. The river wasn't a white water rapid, but it was certainly chugging along.

A number of stones had been rolled out onto the beach, each with a rope tied around it. Rope that I made myself, and each one was a day's worth of effort. Pulling at one, I retrieved a heavy stick cage from the water that was filled with various fish. An invention of mine -- fish went in for food, but failed to get out when the opening proved too small for them to backtrack, trapping them inside. It was a decent haul, and walking along the beach, I found that the other two did well enough too.

Slapping the fish on the stones to kill them, I grabbed the sled I left near the river for this exact purpose and began piling up the fish. Then I rebaited the cages and threw them back out into the river.

It was a pretty decent pile of fish. They would be salted or smoked for preservation, and we would get a decent meal for the next couple of weeks.

"No one will go hungry," I said, making a silent promise to myself and the gods. The land we lived in was harsh and our family reflected that. We had already had members of the family die -- one from a sickness during the winter. Another of hunger before I had been born. Two more went off to go iviking, only to die fighting.

Before Thor gifted me the knowledge of how to make the farm more successful, we had a few lean years. I hadn't ever gone hungry, but I didn't fail to notice that during winter some of my brothers' or Father's bowls weren't as full as they usually were. So, every ounce of food was precious. From wild game, to fish, to nuts and berries -- all of it was vital. The more that was caught and foraged, the more grain we could store for the winter so we wouldn't go hungry.

The brother I lost to sickness had fallen ill because he had gone hungry. He ate less so the others could eat more. It made him weak. Then he fell ill. Then, on one winter morning, I realized that I hadn't heard his hacking cough all night and saw that he had died in his sleep.

That, I swore to myself, would not happen again.

I was so lost in my head that I nearly missed a glimpse of movement out of the corner of my eye. I nearly dismissed it, but there was a sound that accompanied it. Looking over, my jaw dropped when I saw it was a boat coming down the river. A longship. Various shields lined the flanks of the ship as the people inside milled about, letting the river guide them downstream.

Vikings. When the thaw happened as winter lost its grip on the land, our men and women would jump on ships to raid their neighbors. For honor and glory, but also for their families. If they lacked food, raiding would feed their wives and children, either by letting them purchase it by bartering the goods they stole, or by stealing their neighbor's harvest for themselves.

The ship was filled with about fifty men, all wearing various types of armor. Gambeson was the most common, with a helmet to protect the head, but the leader -- a tall man with broad shoulders and blonde hair, wore chainmail. He cut an impressive figure, and based on the smirk he wore as he and his ship sailed by, he knew it too.

"Four more years," I told myself, turning away as they sailed on by. Their destination was an obvious one -- Alabu, the closest city nearby. It was under the control of Jarl Horrik, but I didn't know anything about him. I just knew that we were underneath a guy called Jarl Horrik, and he was apparently friends with my Father. I had never been there despite it only being a half day's travel on foot.

Four more years, then I would be old enough to be called a man. I could go raiding. I could earn glory and honor and prove my valor to the gods that had seen fit to grant me their attention, regardless of what form it took.

Then, I could make sure my family never went hungry again.

…

"Boy, you're coming with me," Father announced out of the blue, making me pause in the middle of my push-ups as I looked at him. I hadn't heard him approach. Which was weird because the guy was practically a giant. Well, comparatively. He stood at around six feet tall, broad-shouldered with thick arms. He had a blood-red beard that dipped down to the center of his chest, while the rest of his hair was pulled into a single long braid. The sides of his head were shaved, with runes tattooed on the sides, and because of wash day, I knew they went down his neck and along his spine.

There were spots of white in his beard and hair, though, betraying his age. In his mid-forties, he was considered an old man. Not an elder, just old.

"Uhh?" was my intelligent response, tempted to do the last ten push-ups to finish off my daily quest. I didn't know the purpose behind the odd ritual that the gods wanted me to do every day, but it couldn't be denied that I saw the results physically. "Where are we going?" I asked, standing up as I wiped dirt off my pants. Father just grunted, not giving me an answer. Then I realized that he had a pack slung over his shoulder, which only intensified my confusion. "Is… it far?"

What was going on?

Father just started walking, heading to the forest. Everything was dark outside -- Everyone usually got up at the crack of dawn, so I woke up a little earlier to get my daily quests out of the way. No one questioned me about them anymore, but they didn't understand why I did it, so I did them early in the morning before everyone was awake. It was easier that way. I spared a glance at the house to see my mom was standing in the doorway, looking at me fondly. Mom was a smaller woman, about a decade younger than Father. She had blonde hair and blue eyes -- she was a beautiful woman who looked like she wasn't capable of pushing out six kids, nor that she had.

"Go with your father, Siegfried. You'll be back by tomorrow," she informed me, making me perk up. Was… I finally going to see the city?! I offered a smile and a wave, earning a wan one in return.

"Bye!" I waved, bidding her farewell, chasing after Father. I caught up to him just as he reached the end of the farmstead. Out of my family, I had probably ventured the furthest from home if you didn't count raiding, but rarely did I ever actually get to leave it. It was for the daily run -- one mile -- but beyond that…

It was like the farmstead existed in a void in a way. We got the occasional guest and saw the occasional ship going down the river, but that didn't break the feeling of isolation that the farmstead had. Even the small village of Ivarstead didn't help to break that feeling because I only visited it once a year for the celebration of Yule, and only recently.

I didn't know why I was suddenly getting pulled to go on a journey with my Father because he wasn't saying anything. He didn't respond to my questions. He didn't explain anything. He just marched on, forcing me to keep pace as we walked from the crack of dawn until the late afternoon. Eventually, I just gave up and drank in the sights. The forest eventually gave way to rolling hills that in turn gave way to a flatland.

Which in turn gave way to a completely separate forest, which my Father entered with me right behind him. That probably should have been my first hint that something strange was going on. This wasn't the way to Ivarstead. However, I only understood when we reached a rundown-looking hovel in the middle of the woods -- vines and moss having long since overtaken the old and dilapidated building. Hanging from the branches of trees around it were effigies of all sorts -- items of protection, and offerings to the gods.

I didn't know where I was, but I knew what it was. I was before the home of a witch.

Then, to make sure that I didn't flee, my father put his hand on my shoulder. I was pretty fit for my age, far fitter than most of my brothers even, but I still hadn't ever beaten my Father in a fight.

"Wise Woman, we seek your aid," Father spoke up, calling out to whoever might dwell within the old house. He unslung the burlap sack from over his shoulder, "We bring you gifts -- food and wealth."

He began to empty the sack, revealing some of the fish that I caught, then gold and silver. Where he got it, I had absolutely no clue. The how was obvious, but where less so. There was a silver cup, a handful of coins, but most notably of all was a gold necklace. A heavy one -- it was made of small and thin gold bars that were connected with a gold chain.

The necklace looked like something a king would be proud to wear.

"Erik Sigurdson," I heard a raspy voice come from within the house, speaking my father's name. "For what matter do you need my aid?"

What could he need the aid of a witch for-

"My son… he has either been blessed by the gods… or bewitched by some foul spirit," Father said, and that was something that I never once considered. Could it be a spirit that had… possessed me in some way? A force of Hel sent to beguile me? I looked back at him to see that he was giving me an even gaze, his lips thin. There was worry in his eyes. And fear. I wondered what he saw in mine. "I know not which. He never cried as a babe. He fights like a man grown. He knows things that no one else does… his hands are too clever."

All sounded like splendid things, but the god Loki often proved that not all blessings were as they seemed. Appearances were deceiving. Now I shared my father's worry. I began to suspect that maybe I had been wrong. That maybe the quests I received were part of some evil entity's schemes.

… but that didn't really make sense, did it? I was stronger and the farm was better. There could be no doubt that it was the gods that spoke to me and gave me their knowledge when they felt I deserved it. Could it be a foul and jealous spirit had taken hold of my father? It made more sense than me being wrong… but I also couldn't see my father ever being bewitched. He as too strong!

And, surely, the gods would have warned me if such a thing had happened.

There was a chuckle from the house, "All things that men pray to the gods for." she noted, sounding amused at my plight.

Father took in a breath, looking at me evenly. "Aye, they are. Since when do the gods answer our prayers so thoroughly?" he questioned, "I hope it's the gods doing. I hope that the norns have weaved a great fate for my boy. Yet, I fear that darker forces are at work."

"For when is a gift not a gift?" The woman remarked from her house. "Send the boy in. I shall look upon him and give you your answer, Erik." With that, Father shoved me forward, nearly making me trip over the small pile of gold. I spared him a look, every muscle taut, ready to make a break for it if it came down to it. Looking away, I gazed into the pitch-black shadows of the doorway and, slowly, I walked forward.

Fear weighed heavily on me because I didn't know what she would say. I didn't know the truth.

I stepped through the threshold to see that the interior of the house was just as dilapidated as the exterior. There was a heavy stench of blood and herbs inside that seemed to have soaked into the old wood. Dried herbs hung in groups from the ceiling -- some I recognized as garlic, and lavender, but I was clueless to most. My gaze was drawn to a woman in the main room, in a bed tucked in the corner that was heavy with furs of all kinds.

The woman sat upright in the bed, her legs covered with the pelt of a wolf, was probably the oldest-old person in existence. There was no other way to describe her. She looked old enough to have supped with Ymir, the first giant, and instead of dying when her time came, she just got older and older and older instead.

Her hair was rough like it was made of gray straw, her face covered in deep wrinkles, and her eyes were sunken into their sockets. Her lips were dried and cracked, and her skin had a leathery quality. She sat with her in her lap, and I noticed that one hand was missing a pinky finger, half of her ring finger and the top of her thumb.

She looked at me like she could see right through me and into my soul. I froze in place, really regretting not booking it as I looked back at her.

I was so distracted by the absolutely ancient oldness of the old lady, I completely missed the other person in the house. A girl around my age -- raven black hair, sunken in cheeks that spoke of hunger, and a simple dress that was filthy. Most notably, however, were her yellow eyes. Almost like a wolf. An unnatural color, which stood out more given the black smudges of soot or something like it that framed her eyes.

The old woman chuckled, while the girl looked at me like she was deciding which ribs to bury her blade in, a statement that I wish were a joke. She had a knife in her hand and she was crouched low to the ground, ready to spring into action at a moments notice. "Ah… you look just like your father in color, but you favor your mother in the face," the old woman remarked, "Come, sit down. My little cottage is a ways away from your home. I'm sure you must be weary."

I purposely gave the girl a wide berth, eyeing her like a coiled snake. And when I sat on the offered stool near the bed, I made sure not to turn my back to her. The woman found that funny.

"Don't worry about her. She's just one of my daughters -- a skittish little thing. She made it this long by being cautious of the unknown," she said, ignoring the girl's muttering of 'I'm not your daughter' under her breath. The old woman fixed me with a sharp stare, "What about you? Do you also fear the unknown?"

What was the correct answer there? "Yes?" I tried, the response coming out more like a question.

The woman gave me a mockery of a smile, "That was a lie." she said, her tone so gentle it could be mistaken for kind.

"The old witch always knows when someone is lying," the girl spoke up, her voice low. As if she were threatening me. I glanced at her, then at the woman. Right. Okay. That's fine. I could work with that.

"I'm not," I admitted with a small shrug of my shoulders, meeting the woman's gaze. She was eerie and ominous in nature, but that didn't necessarily make her dangerous. The biggest threat to me she represented was the fact that it was her verdict that decided whether I was blessed by the gods or beguiled by an evil spirit. Her age granted her wisdom, and as a seer, she would surely know the truth.

The woman gave a wan smile, "What do you believe I will say, hm? About your condition?"

What did I feel? How was I supposed to know? "I don't know? Whatever fate decides? You're a wise woman, so… you would know if I was cursed, right?"

The girl shifted at that, her eyes narrowing at me, but I only looked at the woman. "I see what your father means," she noted, her eyes narrowing ever so slightly. "But it is not I who decides, but the gods. They whisper their words to me, giving their verdict as they follow the will of the norns that weave the fate of all men and women."

I understood that, and I confirmed as much with a small nod. Fate was inescapable. From the moment you were born, the norns began to weave your fate, intertwining it with others, to form the tapestry of the world. And when your life came to an end, the three norns would sheer the fabric of your life. My entire life, and the lives of everyone I knew and loved, were simply a small part of that tapestry.

The day that we are born was decided by fate, as was the day that we died. There was no escaping it. Even the gods were subject to the whims of fate -- Odin's death was preordained. He was fated to die to Fenrir. Thor was destined to die by the venom of Jörmungandr, the world serpent. Then the end of all -- Ragnorok.

"But, you did not answer my question. If you do not fear the unknown, then what do you feel about it? What does it mean to you?" The old woman asked me, tilting her head as if she were hearing my thoughts and found them curious. With her magics, she just might.

I paused for a moment, almost uncertain of the answer. "I… want to know," I answered, clumsily putting my thoughts into words. A poet, I was not. "I want to learn the unknown."

"Oh, you wish to emulate Odin, who gave his left eye for knowledge?" she questioned, leaning forward as if she found something curious about me. I shifted where I sat, offering an uncertain shrug. "Speak up, boy. There is no shame in wanting to learn. There is shame in the reason why, though -- so speak your reason, and be judged."

I opened my mouth, then closed it for a moment, struggling to find the words. My learning stat was so low. So very low. I had no idea how high it could go but I understood that the number of the stat represented how little I actually knew. The same with Martial, or Diplomacy, or Stewardship. All the numbers were so low. What if they could go up to a hundred? Or a thousand? Or if they didn't have a limit and they could go up forever?

I didn't know what fate had in store for me. However, I knew what I wanted.

"I want to learn everything. I want to speak every language. I want to know absolutely everything about the world," I started, the truth pouring from my lips. "I want to prove myself in battle! I want to be a great warrior- no, I want to be the greatest warrior. And I want to travel. I want to meet all kinds of people -- from… outcasts to kings. Even the gods, if I can! I want for my family's farm to be successful… and I want for them to never go hungry. I want them to be fat, happy, and rich, and have exciting lives so they can impress the gods when we all feast in Valhalla. I want…" I trailed off, only now realizing just how many things I wanted.

There were more. So much more. So many things that I wanted to do, or see, or experience… I would need a thousand lifetimes to do it all.

"Ah, I see you now," she spoke with a delighted cackle. "Very well then… Erik! Your boy is either blessed by the gods or cursed by them. Only time shall reveal the truth." she spoke, looking directly at me. Then, in a softer voice, she continued. "Such a shame it is that I will die before I see what you become. I'm certain that it will be quite a sight."

I didn't respond, simply hoping off of my stool so fast you'd be forgiven for thinking that it had burned me. She didn't need to tell me twice for me to get out of here. I spared a glance at the girl again to see that she was still glaring at me. I took a step away, only to pause when an idea hit me. I hadn't thought of it before on account that I was worried about the potential hellish fate that awaited for me if this didn't go my way.

"Is there something that you desire, child?" The old woman spoke as if she could hear my thoughts as I turned around to look at her.

This place was full of herbs and stuff. Medicine and magic. Who knew what she could teach me?

Looking back at her for a moment, I asked, "Can I come back here? To learn from you?"

"You may not." Came the woman's swift reply. "Only my daughters may learn my ways. You have many gifts, Siegfried. Communion with the gods is not one of them."

Well, I tried.

I walked to the door to see my Father on his knees, the expression on his face could only be described as relief. Like a huge weight had been crushing him for all of my life, and now it had been lifted from his shoulders. He reached out to me, tears gathering in his eyes, "My boy!" he said, expecting me to rush over to him. I did.

He effortlessly lifted me up, his good cheer clear as he led us back down the path we had taken. I turned to look behind us, my eyes meeting the gaze of the girl in the house, peeking over the corner as she watched us go. Her eyes narrowed before her head quickly dipped back inside.

There was no reason for it, but I couldn't shake the feeling that I was going to see her again.


...

Welcome to the start of Legends Never Die! It's been an idea that's kicked around in my head for some time now, so it feels good to finally get it on paper, so to speak. LND will be updated on Wednesdays at 10:00 CDT, taking See No Evil's slot. An older story, Castoff (Berseker/Witcher 3), has also been updated for the first time in years as a commission, so you can check that out as well. Now, on to some quick points:

Some things to note -- the story will have some light Crusader Kings elements in it while being slightly ahistorical. For the CK elements, it would have some lowkey fantasy elements like ritual magic or demonic rituals actually working. Basically, what you could do in CK II and III. There are also going to be some stories that were inspired by my games, like the time the pope kidnapped and ate ten of my children for their godly genes before calling a crusade on me that everyone joined in on because he was suddenly beautiful, strong, and a genius.

For the ahistorical decisions, I'm just reserving the right to fiddle with the timeline to move up or delay certain events on the condition that they happened in the same century that the story takes place in. And so long as it actually makes sense -- for example, Alfred the Great can't really be a thing if vikings haven't rampaged through England. However, if something happened like twenty years in the past when Eivor arrives, and I think it would be good for the story if it happened when he arrived, I'll just tweak the timeline a bit.

Lastly, the story will be about vikings doing viking things. I figured it would be obvious, but thought I should mention it.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
Last edited: Aug 10, 2022
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,257 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 26, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Forewarned
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 26, 2022
Add bookmark
#2
Another two years passed without incident, making me twelve years old. Everything returned back to normal after my visit to the Wise Woman. Mother had just embraced me when I returned, and Father had told her what had been said. She had said that he wasn't telling her anything she didn't know. I got some teasing from my brothers for being cursed by the gods, but they got bored of it soon enough.

Nothing really changed in my little slice of the world. Brandr, my eldest brother… well, the eldest after our actual eldest brother died, got married to a woman called Asta at the ripe age of twenty. Their first child was on the way.

The marriage brought forth a small change in my world, though. The farm was Brandr's to inherit, and he was already starting his family. No one had said a word about it, but my other brothers and sisters felt a pressure on them now. For our entire lives, we had lived on the farm, but that couldn't last forever. My older brothers and sisters spoke more about leaving. To marry. To find a trade. For glory. And so on.

No one had left yet, but… next year, I'm guessing that Tormond and Halfdan would leave the farm. Helga and Solveig, my two sisters, had been promised to others. One to a neighboring farm, and another to the family of a renowned warrior. How renowned he could be when all I knew about him was that he was called Kjell was anyone's guess. Both seemed happy with their prospects and Mother and Ida were happy for them.

Things had not visibly changed yet, but they were changing. I felt it in my bones.

"Siegfried, you can't come. You aren't a man, yet," Brandr brushed me off, after I turned to him when pestering Father hadn't worked out. "Until there's hair on your chest and face, you're just a boy. It's too soon for you to even think about raiding with us."

I leaned against the doorway, a good head and shoulders shorter than Brandr. Like our father, he had blood-red hair and blue eyes, which were currently narrowed in a glare as he repeated the arguments that he heard Father give me. However, the argument wasn't dead in the water just yet. "I don't want to go raiding with you," I pointed out, even though I absolutely could. In two years, I had grown up and out. I was taller, my shoulders were broader, and at twelve years old, none on the farm could beat me in a fight.

None of my brothers. Not even when they joined up against me. And during the winter months, I had finally beaten Father in a one-on-one duel.

Physically, I was strong enough to fight. But, I didn't want to. Not yet. Partly because I understood there was a difference between sparring and actual battle. I didn't want to hurt my brothers and they didn't want to hurt me. Beyond some bruises, that is. And partly because he was right, I wasn't old enough. I wasn't a man yet. Two more years, and I would be stronger still. More capable. There was no need to rush things.

"I want to go to the Sigurblót. I can just walk back after we're done and you all go raiding," I clarified. The Sigurblót was a yearly event that happened every thaw. Everyone would go to the city of Alabu, where people would sell their wares in a huge flux, settle their disputes, and then the Jarl would decide where he would take his ships to raid for the spring and summer. I was only supposed to go when I would receive my armband -- a piece of metal fashioned into a ring that marked me as a man, which I would use to swear sacred oaths.

Asta spoke up from her place in the living room, working on a loom with my mother. "Siegfried, why do you want to go to the Sigurblót so badly? You risk the wrath of your father trying to go behind his back like this."

To that, my mother laughed lightly.

"Punishment has never bothered Siegfried so long as he gets what he wants," she remarked, giving me a knowing look. I gave her an unrepentant half-smile in response. She was absolutely correct there. My independence was a valued trait. Just not so much when I kept disobeying my father to do what I wanted.

"Because I want to go to the city to learn a trade," I spoke up. Blacksmithing, carpentry -- a trade of value. Not only for crafting experience, but because it made me valuable as a person. I could go anywhere and make a living. Everyone needed blacksmiths and carpenters, because everyone needed their tools made or repaired, and everyone had homes. There were other trades -- bone carving, or tannery if I was desperate, but blacksmithing and carpentry were the most valuable trades there were.

Asta gave me a look, "So soon? You are too young to be worried about how you will make a living in the future," she said, sounding a bit worried.

"I'll be a man soon enough, and I don't want to live on the farm forever. It will be Brandr's soon, and you will need the crops to feed your family," I said, nodding at her swollen belly. She placed a hand on it, a slight smile on her face.

"You're welcome to stay on the farm, Siegfried. I don't want to force you from your home," Asta said, giving me a warm look. I had been unsure about her at first, but I liked her fine enough after getting used to her. She was young. Only a handful of years older than me, but she had a natural motherly quality to her.

Brandr brought me into a one-shoulder hug, "As my wife says, little brother. You are always welcomed here." he said, reaching up and patting me on the cheek. It sounded like he meant it too. Which is why I smiled up at him.

"So, you would be fine if I stayed here until I'm old and gray?" I asked, and I saw the brief look of panic in his eyes. I laughed at that, and he put me in a headlock in retribution.

"As long as you like," Asta said as I started to pry myself out of the headlock.

"You're so nice, Asta. You're wasted on my brother," I remarked, slipping out of the headlock as he reached for me. There was a smile on his face as I ducked under a palm that would have slapped the shit right out of me. Open palms were allowed. Closed fists were reserved for actual fighting.

"I changed my mind, Siegfried -- you can leave the farm right now!" he barked, giving me a shove as I slipped by him even though he filled the doorframe. Mother shouted at us to take it outside, but Brandr didn't pursue. Fondly giving him a rude gesture, I stepped outside to see to the farm. The crops had been planted, and the animals had been fed.

There were things that needed doing, but the bulk of it was already done. Upon stepping out, I saw Father already packed and ready. Along with Tormond, Halfdan, Havi, Haldur, and Kirk -- the latter two also being my older brothers. All of the 'men' were leaving for the Sigurblót. And, I suspected that all of them would be leaving to raid. Meaning that for the next week or two, it would just be me and the girls.

Father gave me a knowing look but waved me over. "I know I don't need to tell you this, but you're the man of the house while we're gone. Meaning it's your job to protect and provide for the others," he said, before he dropped down to a knee in front of me. It said more about how tall he was rather than how short I still was when that put us at eye level. "You're a strong and clever lad. I know I leave our family in good hands."

I gave him a serious nod. I had heard him speak the same words to all of my brothers when one by one they became the eldest still at the farm. "They'll be safe with me," I told him, earning a smile from Father. I hadn't realized how rare they had been until the Old Witch, as she was called, reassured him I wasn't possessed by evil spirits.

The event had been enough to convince me that I should never tell anyone about the messages from the gods, nor the knowledge they gave me. People wouldn't understand. They would fear it, and me, more than they would celebrate me for receiving them. It would have to be a secret that I would take to my grave.

"I know," Father said, giving me a squeeze on the shoulder as Brandr approached, ready to go. The girls walked over -- my sisters, mother, Ida, and Asta. We all waved them farewell and wished them a safe journey. I watched them go down to the gate, then vanish into the woods. Then, they were gone, leaving us alone for a time.

After they left, things fell into a rhythm. With all the men gone, I had to pick up the slack. The girls helped out some, but I did the lion's share mostly because I had a surplus of quests to do for what would be their chores and tasks. The experience gains were minimal, but compared to my normal progress which felt glacial in speed, I was blazing forward at astounding speeds.

Level 5
Martial: 4
Diplomacy: 1
Stewardship:1
Intrigue: 1
Learning: 4

My stats were determined by the average of the three subcategories. Prowess and Physical Condition were rather high, but Tactics was still very low, so I didn't have a high Martial stat. The same applied for all of my stats. Increasing them had been slow going in the past two years. I was hopeful that the pace would pick up when I could leave the farm for the wider world when I became a man.

Though, I did learn that reaching a milestone in level gave me an additional perk point to spend on any perk I wanted. Not only that, the higher my level, the better the choices I would have when I reached another milestone. I hadn't spent my extra perk point yet. I was saving it while I considered my choices for perks.

It also gave me a choice of perks that were called Boons, which were different from normal perks. I had a selection of three Boons -- Gambler's Delight, Skinchanger, and Oakskin. Gambler's Delight would grant me the gods favor every time I gambled. I wouldn't win every hand, but I would win most of them. Skinchanger was a scary option -- it would let me enter an animal and act through them. I knew it was dangerous because I had heard tales of Berserkers that had done so.

Then they lost the ability to enter their human form again, letting the spirit of the bear or wolf inhabit their body permanently. They would fly into a rage, the animals confused as to what was happening, and they would be killed. Hopefully, before they killed anyone else. For that reason, I feared picking it.

Oakskin made my skin as difficult to cut as the bark of an oak. It felt like the safest option, so I picked it.

Now, I had finally gained a perk for Stewardship. And another in Learning. In the Asset Management and Crafting subcategories. My options were rather limited for Stewardship -- just two, between Fast Counter, which would let me instantly count how many of something there was with a glance, and Mental Scale, which told me the weight of something at a glance. Both were useful in their own way.

Gold and silver were the currency of choice in the world, but their value was in their weight. I could chop off bits of a silver candlestick for a pig, for example. How much I paid was decided by how much I shaved off. Eying the weight of the silver someone was giving me, or I was giving them, could cost or save me some money if we couldn't trade goods.

Learning gave me perks for the trades. Blacksmith, Carpenter, and Tanner. The latter was not an option however, as tanners were outcasts. Mostly because of the smell that lingered no matter how much you scrubbed away. Which is why I wanted to go with Blacksmith or Carpenter. I suppose I could just pick one or the other, but I had already gone to the Wise Woman once for being weird. Not only that, half of the reason for taking up a trade was the connections it gave you. If I walked up to a Thegn or Jarl and told them I was a Smith, they would ask who taught me.

Given I couldn't say the gods taught me, I would have to claim to be self taught. If I was lucky, they would give me a chance to prove myself by making something only a skilled blacksmith could make. If I wasn't, then I would never be given permission to ply my trade.

Regardless, the days went by as I made the most of the surge of experience I was getting. Even after a long day of work, since none of the menfolk could make fun of me for it, I helped out with the weaving too. I also learned there was a lot of gossiping going on between the girls. I learned some things about my brothers, that was certain. Things I would have been perfectly content not to know, even if it did give a small boost to my Intrigue.

Change was one of those things that crept up on you, leaving you unaware until it smacked you in the face hard enough that it rattled your teeth. The change that came to the farm while my father and brothers were away was no different.

"They're coming," I heard a soft whisper, making me look up from the goat I was milking in the pen house made for them. My head snapped up, recognizing the voice from somewhere, but it was unfamiliar to me. Like a magnet, my gaze was drawn to the source of the whisper, until I found myself meeting a pair of golden yellow eyes. I recognized them, and the face they belonged to.

In the past two years, that girl in the hovel had grown up about as much as I did, becoming a young woman. She was taller now, having filled out somewhat in both hip and chest. Her face still seemed a bit gaunt, as if it was a rare thing for her to have a full meal. Her long black hair was tied up, a sign that she either already had a husband or she wasn't looking for one. Soot shadowed her eyes, and beneath her thick clothing, I noticed that she wore the necklace that Father had given the Wise Woman.

I parted my lips, a question just about to leap from my tongue, only to swallow it down. Questions like why she was here, how she had gotten so close without my noticing, and so on could wait. "Who's coming?" I asked, standing up, grabbing a bucket half-filled with milk that would later be turned into cheese. The girl stood at the doorway, giving me a lingering look, her expression betraying nothing.

"The men that plan to kill you and take what you have," she answered, backing away before vanishing from sight. The words sank into my heart like a stone. The bucket fell from my fingers as I rushed to the doorway after her.

Stepping out into the evening sun, I didn't see the girl. It was as if she had vanished into thin air. However, that wasn't important. People were coming to kill us.

I had no real reason to believe that it was true. It could be a bad jape or something, but I felt the truth of it. Deep in my bones, I felt it.

I broke into a dead sprint to the house, away from the animal pen, and all but busted the door off the hinges as I barrelled my way inside. The girls inside suddenly went silent, looking at me with wide eyes. I met my Mother's gaze, "People are coming." I told her, and I saw a brief flicker of surprise before her expression hardened.

She dropped the comb for the loom, "Asta, Helga, Solveig, Siegfried -- I want you to hide," she said, an edge in her voice that offered no room to argue as she went into her room. I followed her in to find her grabbing an axe and one of my Father's shields. She looked at me, "Siegfried-"

"I'm not hiding," I told her as I grabbed the bearded axe. It weighed about as much as my practice one, only this one had been honed to a deadly edge. "I can fight. You should go with the others. In case they get through me," I said, my words serious. Mother opened her mouth to protest, only to close it a moment later before offering me a curt nod when she saw the resolution in my eyes.

"There will be no mercy, Siegfried. Do not hesitate," she told me, heading into the main room while I headed back outside. Mother had been a shieldmaiden before she met Father. I never saw that part of her until now. The girls weren't so lucky in that regard, but between me and Mother, they would be safe. I would protect them. It didn't matter what I had to do. It didn't matter who I had to kill.

Anyone that tried to touch my family would die.

I would kill them.

That's all there was to it.

Stepping outside, I looked out to the forest off in the distance. There were a thousand paces between me and the edge, and I always had great eyesight. Because of it, I saw the movement of people hiding in the trees. People that thought they were concealed by shadows, but the shaft of an axe or the rim of a shield peeking out among the foliage gave them away. They were scouting us out. Waiting to see if there was anyone else on the farm before attacking.

I grabbed my sling before calmly heading to my stash of stones. It was a collection that had been growing over the course of the years -- each one was smooth and perfectly sized for a sling. I slotted in a stone and began to spin it.

Most people preferred bows because of their range. A decent shot could hit a target hundreds of paces away. I was better than a decent shot with a bow, but I preferred the sling instead. People looked down on it, calling it an unskilled weapon, but I've found that nothing put animals down faster than a rock launched at them at high speeds. It shattered bone on impact, putting the animal down even if it wasn't an instant kill. Running was difficult with shattered ribs, after all.

A man peeked out from behind the trunk of a tree, looking directly at me. Our eyes met for a split second, before I flung the stone forward with all of my strength. The small stone shot out in a blur and it hit him like a fist. It slammed into the man's eye a split second later, striking him with enough force that it knocked his helmet off his head as he fell back into a heap.

I had just killed a man.

I didn't dwell on that revelation for long. I didn't have the time.

I was about to kill more.

A warcry came from the forest before the figures inside began to move forward. Ten of them in total, I think. Based on a quick glance as I loaded up my next stone into my sling, spun the sling over my head, and then whipped it down. Another man went down, his head snapping back as his forehead caved in, crushed from the impact.

"Shields up!" I heard a voice say as the men began to approach through our fields. I loaded up a third shot just as they did so, seeing a variety of painted shields in front of me. Nine left, I thought, before I slung another stone at them, this one aimed at one of the mens' exposed knees. It slammed into my target with bone-shattering force, his leg giving out from underneath him as he let out an antagonized scream of pain. "Charge the brat!" I heard the same man from before shout, but I couldn't tell which he was.

I stood my ground, calmly loading my sling, and fired it at the incoming raiding party. Another went down, his leg giving out from underneath him. Six left. Then five as I fired again. The distance between us continued to shrink at a rapid pace, letting me get off only one more shot that slammed into the ankle of a charging Viking, but he didn't fall like the others.

Dropping my sling, I picked up my shield and hefted my axe. My heart beat in a steady rhythm, blood surging in my veins as I took in a deep breath, filling my lungs. Then I promptly turned tail and ran towards the house. I heard the men shout and begin to give chase as I ran through the doorway before rolling my shield towards one of the rooms. The house was empty, at least that was how it appeared when I hid behind the doorway.

A few seconds later, I heard footsteps follow me inside. Through the small gap in the wood door, I saw a man step into my home. He wore chainmail, the links jingling with every step. He faced the interior of the house, not backed up by anyone at the moment. He was the scout. The rest would be waiting outside. I could hear them talking, cursing me under their breath. I had killed a few of their friends. And I was going to kill more.

To prove that point, I kicked the door closed, alerting the one in the room of my presence. He looked back at me, raising his axe as he turned to face me with his shield.

I dodged the swing, tossing my axe to my other hand as I went low. I let the shaft of the axe slide up between my fingers so that I was holding it at the very end, and used the extra length to hook the beard of the axe around his back foot and sweep his leg out from underneath him. He fell flat on his back, the impact knocking the air from his lungs.

The raider started to scrabble to get his shield up, but it was a second too late. The edge of my axe found his throat, where his chainmail didn't cover, splashing hot blood on my face as I ripped it out. I didn't waste a second in grabbing his shield as he bled out, and I rushed by him so that my back wasn't to the entrance of the house just as the closed door was kicked in, splintering the wood. And as soon as it was, I threw my axe, the weapon spinning in the air and catching the man responsible in the leg. He went down, screaming in pain as it lodged in his thigh. I scooped up the weapon the now dead man had dropped and buried it in his skull.

As he collapsed to the ground, leaving me alone standing in the doorway, I saw the remaining three men looking on in disbelief and anger. Lesser men would have run. Their raid had clearly failed with so many of them dead. However, these were Norsemen. Warriors that dreamed of entering Valhalla by proving themselves in battle. To run would shame themselves and deny them the afterlife that they sought.

"If you come in here," I spoke slowly, my youthful voice belying my murderous intent, stepping on the man in the doorway and ripping my purloined axe from his head. "I'm going to kill you."

"Or we will kill you, little man," one of them said. The same one that was shouting orders earlier. He almost sounded friendly. "Young you might be, but you've proven yourself to be a warrior. We won't underestimate you just because you don't have any hair on your balls." he said.

My eyes narrowed as the other two started to fan out. "How about this? You come out, and we shall duel. If you win, then the raid will be called off and we can go in peace. If you lose… then either you enter my service as a thrall, or we take everything of value in the house. Including your mother and sisters."

He was trying to get a rise out of me. I stared back at him -- I didn't know him. Black hair and a black beard, dark eyes with yellow teeth below a crooked nose. He looked like he needed a good bath to wash off over a year's worth of dirt. The others looked about the same. Yet they had chainmail.

Chainmail wasn't common. I don't think it was a rare thing in particular, but it wasn't common by any means. Between all the men in my family, only Father had chainmail, and it was a single sleeve of it. It was a tedious and time-consuming thing to make for blacksmiths, which was time they could use to make a dozen axes or a hundred horseshoes. The three men had chainmail shirts, and so did the two men that I had killed. Where did they get it? How did they get it?

"Okay," I agreed, my voice flat. "But, I want you to understand something. One or three, it makes no difference. All three of you are going to die." My voice was cold. So cold, it wiped the smile off the leader's face. I meant what I said, too.

These people were here to kill me and my family. They were here to raid us. To take our belongings, to rape my sisters and mother. If they had their way, Asta's baby would never grow. Brandr and the others would come back to desolation. I wouldn't let that happen. Either they or I would die on this day, and it wouldn't be me.

"I believe you," the leader said, raising his shield. The others did the same, their expressions ones of grim resolve. With that clear, I stepped out of the house and into an ambush, willing and expectant. The one on the left attacked first, slashing down at me with a yell.

Combat was one of those things that just made sense to me. It was almost like doing sums, in a way. Thoughtless addition. Part of that was instincts that had been ingrained into me for years, after daily spars with my Father or my brothers. Another part was just… experience. It was the same way that I learned to use a sling -- after a while, you just felt when to let go of the stone for it to go where you wanted.

Combat had that same feeling to me. When the man slashed down, it just made sense to sidestep the swipe, hook my axe around the rim of his shield, and yank it back, forcing the man to overextend himself. As he stumbled forward, his life was temporarily saved by the second man attacking me with his own axe. This one, I caught with my shield, letting the edge of his axe bite into the rim.

Jerking the shield to the side, I hacked out with my axe and I caught him at the elbow, just underneath where his chainmail sleeve ended. Blood drenched my face again as his arm fell, the severed limb thumping off my shield as it fell to the ground, his axe still lodged in my shield. He didn't even have time to scream as I shifted my grip and I moved to step past him, the sharp edge of my axe slashing across his throat. He fell to the ground, gurgling on his blood as he died.

The leader attacked me next, his axe coming down quick as lightning. The boards making up my shield splintered when I caught the blow with it, before he checked me with his shield. He was taller than me by a head, and had about fifty pounds on me. He expected to be able to knock me off my feet with the action. Instead, I lightly bounced back, my steps sure and nimble. Letting go of the shield, I grabbed the shaft of the axe still in it and ripped it free. Testing the two weapons with a quick spin in my hands, I readied myself.

An attack came on the left as the first of the three to attack me having recovered, slashing at me wildly. I dodged, the axe missing me by a hairsbreadth each time. I could hear the axehead whistling in the air each time it passed, but I gave ground readily. The leader moved around to flank me, intent on dealing a killing strike while the one in front of me stole my attention. It was a tactic that my brothers used all the time. At least until it stopped working.

I leaned out of the way of another strike from the man in front of me, only this time I struck out with an attack of my own. As his weapon came down, I spun the axe in my right hand in a reverse grip, catching his bearded axe with my own, and with a savage yank, I ripped it from his grip like I was pulling out nails, just as I kicked out his leg, my heel striking his knee. It didn't break it, but it was enough to throw off his balance, letting me dance around him as the leader was forced to abandon his attack.

Then I forced him on the defensive. I attacked the weaponless man with both of my axes, one catching the rim of his shield, ripping open his defenses for the other that followed and buried itself into his face. The leader struck out, trying to take advantage of the time it would take me to pull it free to score that killing blow, forcing me to abandon the axe as he attacked me and nearly took my arm.

I spun to face him. It was clear he was head and shoulders above the rest when it came to experience. He fought like my Father did. The gaps in his defenses were few. He reacted well to my feints too. He was light on his feet, calm-headed, and strong based on a blocked blow with the shaft of my axe.

Which is why when I struck out, I used a Skill for the first time on a living man. Divine strength surged in my veins as I lashed out with my axe, slamming it into his shield. The shield shattered as if it had been struck by Thor himself, reduced to splinters as it did nothing to slow down my attack. The edge of my axe ripped into his ribs, breaking through his chainmail and cutting through his flesh until it hit the bone on the other side. Ripping my axe free, I kicked him in the gut while he was stunned, sending him sprawling on his ass.

As he hit the ground, he tried to stem the bleeding from the chunk I had taken out of him, blood flecking his lips. "Some women and a boy. That's what they said. They didn't… mention that you were a damn drengr of an infant," he said, laughing lightly, and bloody spittle landed in his beard.

I stood over him as his blood soaked into the packed dirt, my expression blank. "Who sent you?" I asked him, earning a smile filled with bloody teeth.

"Someone… that wants… your farm," he spoke, visibly getting weaker with each word. My lips thinned -- I had no clue who that might be. I knew owning property was a blessing most didn't have, but 'someone that wants your farm' didn't narrow it down in the slightest. The land we farmed had been a gift from the Jarl to my father many years ago. It was a valuable thing. I understood that. It made sense someone would want to take it from us. Which is why his answer was entirely unhelpful.

"Who-" I started, only to realize that the man was already dead, staring ahead with glazed-over eyes. I gave him a quick kick to make sure that he really was, and not faking it. He didn't move.

Shit. I should have aimed somewhere nonvital. Because if someone had sent him, then that meant that they could send someone else. My gaze drifted to those that were in the fields with their broken knees. I marched to them, bloody axe in hand. I asked them the same question, only to receive the same answer. Not for a lack of trying, though. They had been kept in the dark. Only the leader knew who sent them after us.

All for the spoils of the women and a fat reward after the deed was done.

"Siegfried?" I heard Mother speak, walking into the fields. I looked over at her to see her looking at me with some reservation. Fair, given that I was covered in multiple mens' blood. It was all over my face, soaking into my shirt, all in my hair… It felt disgusting. "What should be done with them?" she asked me, and I think that it was some kind of test. Of what kind, I wasn't really sure.

I already knew the answer. "They don't know anything about who ordered the attack. Just that they all came from Alabu, and that they didn't know each other beforehand," I told her, seeing her eyes harden at that. "I don't see a point in keeping them around," I told her honestly.

He attacked my home. He deserved to die. All of them did.

Mother offered a clipped nod, "Good. Then kill him." she instructed, her voice even. I looked down at the man, who met my gaze evenly. His fate was sealed. Dying with dignity was his only remaining chance to impress the gods.

I hefted my axe and brought it down on his head, killing him. Ripping it free, I walked to the other I had crippled and did the same to him. As soon as I was done and his blood was soaking the earth, I felt a pair of arms wrap themselves around me, hugging me tightly.

"You did well, Siegfried," Mother told me softly. "You did as a man should -- you protected your family. You've become a man now, my son. Not in age, but in deed, which is something some far older than you haven't accomplished. Do not let this trouble your thoughts. You should be proud of what you've done," she continued, whispering gently in my ear. A reassurance that I had done the right thing.

I killed people. I was drenched in their blood. Out of absolutely nowhere, we had been attacked. My stomach threatened to rebel, but I swallowed it down as I looked out into the forest, my mother hugging me from behind. Killing a man was different from killing a squirrel or a fish. There was more to it. A give and a take, a threat of danger that they could have killed me if they were a bit better.

I protected my family. I earned the praise of the gods. Still, killing men was… different. Very different. I couldn't say that it was a good difference either.

My gaze darted around, searching for another enemy to come running out from the forest to attack. I hadn't realized it until now, but I was actually trembling as the surge of strength left me, leaving me feeling weakened and feeble.

Against all odds, I somehow met the gaze of the golden-eyed girl in the treeline. She peered at me from behind a tree, her expression blank as she regarded me some distance away. My lips moved, mouthing the words 'thank you' to her.

Her response was the barest hint of a smile tugging at her lips before she stepped behind a tree, vanishing from sight.

This time… I didn't need a feeling to tell me that we were going to meet again. I knew we would. I would make sure of it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
Last edited: Aug 10, 2022
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, goldeningot, DragonCaster12 and 1,527 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 26, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Hard Living
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 3, 2022
Add bookmark
#131
The pace of change was a fickle thing, I learned. It can crash over you like a tidal wave, sweeping you out to sea. Yet, other times, it was slow. Gradual. Glacial. Change was something that you couldn't run from. You couldn't hide from it either. Change was a fundamental aspect of the world -- something easy to achieve, yet so impossible to control.

Because, once things changed, 'normal' was forever lost. Forcing people to adapt to a new 'normal'.

It was two more weeks before my brothers and father returned, all of them having sailed east to raid for food and spoils. In that two weeks, things settled back down in a way that was almost the same. I did my daily ritual. I did my chores. I checked the traps and the fishing lines. I weaved with the girls, and I think I managed to talk my mom into letting me learn how to play the lute.

That was a small change, though. The change was that my eyes now constantly searched the treeline of the forest for intruders. My axe never left my side. My collection of stones for my sling increased. The dead warriors had been stripped and their bodies burnt, leaving me with their equipment. From the several sets of chainmail that I now had in my possession, I made sure to wear one at all times. I had stashes of weapons and armor across the farm now so I would be ready, no matter where I was, for the next attack to come.

Things had changed. For my entire life, the farm had felt so… isolated. Safe.

It no longer felt safe. And I doubted that it ever would again. I knew how fragile that peace was, now.

My brothers didn't take the news well that the farm had been attacked when they returned. After learning that I had killed eleven men alone, all of them were giving me weird looks. Father always said I was going to be a great warrior, but I doubted that they really believed it. Brandr was grateful to the point there were tears in his eyes when he thanked me. The others were happy that they had a home to return to.

Father, however, sat in front of the fireplace and nursed a cup of ale. "I know who did this," he said in a quiet voice after Mother and the others gave him the story. "A pissant named Kalf. He owns a major farm near Alabu. Bigger than ours. It started off smaller… but he's been playing the game with Jarl Horrik. He's favored. So, when land adjacent to his suddenly becomes vacant with no clear rightful holders, it just makes sense that it would go to him."

There was a deafening silence at his words, the entire family gathered up. Brandr spoke after a moment, "You are favored by the Jarl too. Would Kalf really risk his ire by attacking us?"

Father snorted, "Jarl Horrik and I are old men now, and I earned this farm by proving myself in battle. By attacking us, he sought to discredit me. For what good is a warrior that can no longer protect his own home?" Father asked, draining his cup as he breathed in deeply. He reached out, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and pulling me in close. "Kalf wouldn't need to do much, then. He would launch another raid or two, burning our harvests and killing our animals to cement my disgrace… then, I would die. And you, Brandr, would get an offer on the farm that was in danger of being taken away by the Jarl. It would not be a good offer, but it would be better than death."

He spoke dispassionately, before reaching up and tugging on one of my ears, "At least, that is how it would have gone if little Siegfried was not here." There was a round of skol at that, my family toasting to me as I got a few back pats from my various brothers. "A good thing too. The attack on the farm was more profitable than our raid."

Mother looked faintly surprised, "It was that poor?"

Havi spoke up, "There was a famine. Their harvest was poor last year, and the people were destitute. Half the slaves we took died on the way over." He sounded disappointed as he threw a stick in the fire. "There wasn't any glory to be found either. We were just putting them out of their misery, like a village full of sick dogs."

"There will be another raid," Father spoke, his voice calm. "Jarl Horrik spoke to me about it before we returned. He wants to go South, to raid the Saxons or Franks and take their wealth for ourselves."

"I will stay at the farm," Brandr decided with a shake of his head. Seems like he was done with raiding. For this year at least. Tormod and Halfdan quickly echoed the sentiment. So did the rest of my brothers, some with more reluctance than others.

Father nodded, "Aye, I figured as much… which is why only myself and Siegfried will go." he decided, making my attention snap to him. That got a laugh out of him as he read the confusion on my face. "You're a man now, son. Might as well get your arm ring and make it official. And it would be good for us to take this attack to Jarl Horrik's attention."

This… was sooner than I expected. And…

"It's our turn to look after the family, Siegfried," Brandr said, zeroing in on my concern with leaving -- what if the farm was attacked while I was gone? I looked at the others around the hearth, all of them supporting the decision. Meaning that it was pointless to argue.

I looked up at Father, "When do we leave?"

"In the morning. First light," he decided, which was rather soon given that he had just returned today. But no one protested the decision.

"Could we go visit the Wise Woman?" I requested, making Father's eyebrows shoot up at that. "Her daughter warned me about the attack. If she hadn't done that, then I wouldn't have known until it was too late. She gave us time to prepare and get the drop on them before they attacked."

Mother gave me a concerned look, "Her daughter? The Wise Woman has no daughters. You just said a girl warned you," she said, making me frown.

"I saw her when Father took me to her. She introduced her as one of her daughters," I explained, warranting a grunt from Father.

"A witch of the wilds," Father spoke, a sigh in his words. "The Wise Woman raises girls that find their way to her in her ways. She teaches them strange magics and hexes before sending them out into the world to do the will of the gods. And her own, I suspect. At least, that's what I heard. Never had reason to believe it until now." Then he pinned me with a look, "Why do you want to visit the Wise Woman?"

"To thank her," was my swift reply. And also to figure out how she had known about the attack. Was it fate? Had she communed with the gods and they sent her to warn me about the attack? Or had she been a part of the group already and betrayed them? I didn't know and the lack of clear answers was incredibly frustrating.

To that, Father chuckled. "There's no need for that, lad. If she is a witch, then I have no doubt that she already knows. Now, off to bed, all of you. It's going to be a long day tomorrow for all of us," he said, pushing me off of the log stool I used as a seat, my back hitting the dirt floor before I rolled to my feet. Father gave me a cheeky smile before I headed off to the room that I shared with Havi and Kirk.

But I stayed up. Long into the night, even after the house was filled with various snores. My ears picked up on the faintest of whispers shared between Father, Ida, and Mother.

"Kalf has no reason to attack us," Ida spoke lowly. "It doesn't make sense that it would be him. There are plenty of farms between us that he could pull this stunt with."

"Our farm has performed too well, Ida." Father answered, his tone flat. Even. As if he had suspected something like this would happen. "Ever since we started doing things Siegfried's way, our harvests have been bountiful. It hasn't gone unnoticed. Not by Jarl Horrik, nor by Kalf and his ilk."

Meaning that the attack on the farm had been prompted by me. It wasn't my fault. I knew that. It was the fault of the piece of shit that tried to kill my family.

"And the alliance with our neighbors threatens Kalf. Between the two of us, our farms will equal his and he will never earn the favor of the Jarl if we continue to produce more than him," Mother clarified. "So, he seeks to kill us before it comes to that."

I heard Father sigh, "Politics. I fucking hate politics."

"But we have to play, Erik. Willingly or not, we have to play."

…

The city of Alabu was… incredible, to say the least. It was unlike anything I had ever seen, so far beyond the small village of Ivarstead. It was nestled up against the water, the same river that the edge of our homestead butted against. There were no walls to speak of. The buildings had sloped roofs and were a single story, the roads were made of mud with a few planks tossed over the worst of it.

People walked by, some shoving wares in our face or offering themselves for their services. Animals walked the street like they were citizens too. Down the main road were the docks, which had a few ships moored at it. The tallest building of all was the longhouse -- it was a long building as its name implied, easily three times the size of the buildings that surrounded it. Wider too. The tall roof of it gave the building another two stories in height over a regular building, give or take. I hadn't known it was possible for men to make a building so mindbogglingly huge.

It was absolutely incredible and I was trying to take it all in all at once."How many people live here?" I asked Father as he led me to the longhouse, pushing through a crowd of people. There were so many. Even at the festivals to celebrate and thank the gods in Ivarstead, when everyone joined together, it couldn't compare to the number of people around me.

"No clue. A thousand at least. Maybe a bit more, but I wouldn't bet that there are more than two. Not even one and a half," Father answered, roughly shoving a man that bumped into him and continuing to walk. So, a thousand and five hundred people? I tried to picture that number of people before me in a large crowd and I couldn't imagine what it would even look like. "It's rather different than the farm, eh?"

I shared a smile with him as we stepped inside the longhouse. It was a wide building and the first thing I saw was a very long table running right up the middle of it. The ceiling was high, and I saw that there was a second floor that was only half built, a platform for the important people gathered here to use so that they could literally stand above those with less status. Thegns, merchants, and other nobility. All of it faced two large chairs that were covered in pelts, the thrones of the longhouse. There were plenty of people inside and I smelled roasting meat and smoke from cooking fires. The longhouse was filled with the general clamor of lots of people talking over each other as I drank it all in.

"Very different," I agreed. My eyes darted around, looking at bearded faces and smiling women. They talked, argued, joked, laughed. The hall was filled with good cheer-

"Erik! I thought you already set off home to that wife of yours," I heard a voice call out to us that I could only describe as thunderous. Everyone looked in the direction of the source -- There, I saw a tall man with a dark mane of hair, dark blue eyes, and a braided beard. He was solidly built with a bit of a gut, but with his thick arms and broad chest no one would mistake him as overweight.

"Jarl Horrik! I'm already back -- I couldn't risk you leaving without us," Father said, walking forward, and the two embraced with a laugh. When they broke apart, Father reached back and grabbed my shoulder, pulling me forward. "This is my youngest son, Siegfried. He is here for his armband."

Upon hearing that, Jarl Horrik gave me a surprised look, his eyes looking me up and down. I looked back at the man -- I had heard about him all of my life, but it was the first time I had ever met him. He was around my Father's age, possibly older. His hair remained dark, with no signs of greying, though his face was lined with wrinkles. He had smile lines, I noticed. He seemed like he was the kind of person that laughed a lot.

"So, you are Siegfried. Your father wouldn't shut up about you the entire trip. I just about tossed him in the river for some peace and quiet," Jarl Horrik eventually said with a chuckle, reaching out. He pinched my smooth cheeks, tugged at my ears, then tussled my hair. "Ha! He isn't as funny-looking as you were at his age," he remarked to my Father before giving him a pointed look, "But you yourself said that he wouldn't be receiving his arm ring until next year."

To Jarl Horrik's unspoken question, Father nodded, "I did. But, while we were away, my boy became a man." he spoke up, raising his voice, drawing the attention of the hall. "My home was attacked by raiders. Eleven men in total -- armed with axes, shields, and spears. They wore chainmail and the leader had a pouch full of coin," he said, reaching to his belt and offering the pouch to Jarl Horrik who no longer smiled.

There had been no pouch on the raiders. That was a lie.

"But Siegfried, my son, defended our home. He fought those men. Alone. All of them. And their corpses are feeding my pigs and my boy has proved himself to be a man," Father said and I felt myself become the center of attention of everyone in the hall. There was a low muttering that rippled out through the hall as the Jarl gave me a considering look.

"I have known your father for most of my life, Siegfried," Jarl Horrik spoke, silencing the halls. "I have never known him to lie to me. Even when I would prefer it that he would. So, I ask of you -- is that true? You killed eleven men on your own? With no help at all?" he asked me, resting his hands on my shoulders as he peered into my eyes as if he could perceive the truth in them.

I squared my shoulders and nodded, "I was warned by one of the witches of the wilds," I offered and I could feel the room shift at that. "She told me that we were going to be attacked, which gave me enough time to grab my sling and axe while they were still getting in position. I dropped the first before they realized that I knew they were there. The others I killed as they were charging across the field, or I got them in the knees. I lured two into the house by running inside, then killed them when they followed me in. The last three I killed in a duel -- well, it was meant to be one on one, but they dishonored themselves. Then they died."

The Jarl nodded, "Honest. Just like your father. I see what he means when he spoke of you. Every father speaks that way, but for you… I suspect there's more to it than loving bluster and hot air." he clapped me on the shoulder, "Come. It's time to make you a man."

He walked to the throne, making a gesture at the people. Father offered a small smile to me, dipping down as we followed in his wake. "You didn't have to mention the witch," he remarked quietly.

"Credit is given where it's due," I responded. I hadn't been able to go to her, yet. Her dwelling lay in the opposite direction of the city. And I had already thanked her, but that wasn't enough. Not for me. Without that warning, things could have gone down very differently. I might not have realized that they were there until they were in the house. Or until they snuck up on me. It was in no way an exaggeration to say that she had helped save my family.

Renown was important. For some, it was the only thing that mattered. They spent their entire lives trying to become famous to earn a saga that the skalds would tell until the end of time. I wasn't any different. I already had the gods' attention, but the idea that stories of my deeds being told for my great-great-great grandchildren as a saga was what every warrior wanted. To be equal to the Sagas of King Hrolf-Kraki, or Beowulf. For that same reason, I wouldn't cheat the woman that helped save my family out of the renown that she was due.

Father just let out a chuckle as a rather rushed ceremony began. The Jarl's wife, one of them at least, stepped out from the bedroom dressed in fine furs. She was young. As young as Asta, so in her late teens at her oldest. She was pretty. Very pretty. Blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale skin with high cheekbones -- her name was Oydis, I think. The Jarl's third wife. She smirked at me as she took a seat on the throne, her hands lightly clasped on her lap.

"Gather 'round, you lot of bastards! Gather around!" Jarl Horrik exclaimed, gesturing for everyone to crowd around me. Then for me to kneel down before the throne, so I did so. He took in a deep breath, seemingly satisfied with the crowd witnessing the event. There was a slight smile on his face as he looked around before his gaze settled back on me. "Siegfried, son of Erik," he began, taking a sword that was handed to him by a servant. Laying it flat across his palms, another sprinkled dirt and salt on the polished blade.

"Take this offering of earth and salt to remind you that you come from the earth and the sea," he spoke, sounding like he had rehearsed the speech and spoke it many times. I had heard about this part, so I knew what to do. Leaning forward, I licked the salt and dirt off the blade and leaned back. Jarl Horrik unceremoniously tossed the sword to a slave before he accepted a polished gold arm ring with the ends shaped as two snarling dragons. "This arm ring was meant for my own son that's on the verge of becoming a man. But, perhaps it was fate that you are here on the day of its completion."

He leaned forward, "This armband is a sacred thing to our people. All oaths taken upon it must be kept at all costs, or your place in Valhalla is forfeited. For breaking a sacred oath makes you a nithing -- a vile creature with no honor, that is cursed to forever wander this earth. It also symbolizes your fealty to me, your Jarl. What say you, Siegfried? I know I'm an old fat bear of a man, but I'm a good enough leader. Feel free to ignore everyone that says differently." There were chuckles around the hall at that.

I nodded, "I swear my fealty. Your enemies will be my enemies," I added and he seemed impressed based on the smile he wore.

"I feel safer already. Come on, put it on!" he urged, sounding as excited as I was, handing me the armband, and I rushed to do so. I slipped the band on, pushing it up to my elbow, and I admired the quality of it. The band was two serpent dragons bound together, coiling around one another. It must have cost a small fortune. I smiled to myself as I looked down upon it. Then I felt a hand reach out and touch my chin.

This part, I had also heard about from the others. Brandr had complained it was an old woman for him, until Father smacked him. Havi, however, said that it had been the most gorgeous woman in the world, which is how I knew her name even if I never wanted to hear it in his sleep again.

Oydis smiled as she cupped my cheeks, leaning in to kiss me on the lips. It was a quick kiss, but my first one -- her lips were soft, I noted, a little dazed. As she pulled back, the crowd cheered loudly. People stomped their feet and clapped. When she let go of my face, the Jarl rubbed my head as he looked at Father, who appeared incredibly proud.

"Seven sons of yours have reached manhood, Erik. The gods have truly blessed your family," he said, throwing an arm around my shoulders. "And I suspect your youngest shall join us in our next raid?"

Father smiled, "I'm afraid it is no longer my decision. He is a man. It is up to him and the gods to decide his fate," he said, earning another cheer from the crowd behind him. Everyone looked at me expectantly, already anticipating my answer.

As if I could refuse. For my entire life, I only saw the farm and Ivarstead. The city of Alabu was beyond anything I could have ever imagined. What other incredible things could lay beyond on distant shores? More than that, raiding was a way to provide for my family. Times of plenty didn't last. Raiding meant that if there was a bad harvest, or the next raiders did what Father said and burned the farm, our deaths wouldn't be certain.

There were a lot of reasons to go. For fame, glory, and to provide for my family.

"If you'll have me," I answered, speaking to the Jarl more than the crowd. To that, he clapped me on the shoulder with one of his large hands.

"Of course! I cannot wait to see your prowess in battle with my own two eyes," The Jarl said with a laugh. He wasn't being entirely truthful, I sensed. Part of it was for the crowd, and I'm guessing that part of it was that he didn't really believe that I had killed eleven men despite claiming so. I could understand, even if the doubt in my abilities stung at my pride. I only a little more than half my dad's size, and only freshly considered a man. "Our ships will fill once again as we sail south to richer lands. There, we will find glory and plunder as decided by the gods -- for it was that reason why Freyja struck the eastlanders down with famine. So that we would go South in three days time!"

Another cheer went up at that, this one the loudest of them all. I ignored it for now. Three days in the city? I was excited to see what it had to offer.

…

Being a man now didn't mean I was suddenly treated like one, I learned as I stood in the market square. "Two silver coins," I said, crossing my arms over my chest as a man stood in front of me, running his fingers over the links of the chainmail I had brought to the city. I didn't bring all of them or try to sell all those that I had, but with the extras, I was hoping to get them out of my hands.

Luckily, with it being raiding season, I had a list of potential buyers looking for a little extra protection.

"Half of a silver coin, little lad. It is not even worth that much! And I am favored by the gods, so I don't even need chainmail," he said, and if I had an ounce of silver for every time I heard something like that uttered in the past three days, then I could probably buy an entire fleet of ships.

Bartering wasn't a skill that I had any experience in. Honestly, I don't think I was particularly good at it either. But, it was something I had to learn and I think I was learning quickly. Diplomacy was going up just for my attempts at bartering, regardless of if I got the sale or not, though I got more if I did, so I knew that the gods at least thought I was getting better at it. And each successfully sold shirt of chainmail was accompanied by a few silver coins and some Stewardship experience.

"But the gods help those that help themselves," I quickly shot back. "If a man jumps off a cliff, the gods won't make wings sprout from his back! They'll just laugh as he falls. Why tempt fate into ending your story earlier than needed?" I argued, earning an expressive, contemplative expression. Our day of death was written in fate, but not every injury was so. In theory. I think. I would leave the specifics of fate to the gothi. "A coin and a half," I tacked on, earning a smile from the man.

"Deal!" he said, reaching out and clasping my forearm as the deal was struck. He reached into his pack to pull out a bit of silver that looked like it had once been a candlestick along with a hammer and a chisel. Using a piece of wood that I had been sitting on, he lined up the chisel before looking at me. "Fair?" he asked, earning a nod from me as it looked to be about the amount of a coin and a half of silver.

With that, he brought the hammer down, cutting off a chunk of silver for me. I handed over the chainmail as I tucked the silver into a bag that was growing heavier by the day. I had brought six extra sets of chainmail with me, and I sold all of them, netting me a heavy purse worth of silver. It wasn't an exorbitant amount, but it wasn't nothing either. Most of that sum would be going towards the family pot -- a nest egg in case we needed to buy food. Some would be kept for myself.

I had a plan for it, but so far, even without the raid, my family was good financially. What I brought in would just be extra security.

A horn blowing in the distance caught my attention, making my eyes snap in the direction of it. I grabbed my pack, my shield, and axe before I walked to the docks. A crowd was forming already, everyone drifting towards the docks to say their farewells. Normally, there would be a feast of some kind, but there already had been one for the previous raid and the men were eager to be off to make up for their losses. I pushed through the wall of bodies, making my way to the docks to see that the ships were being loaded up with supplies for the voyage.

My help wasn't requested or wanted, which left me with plenty of time to barter and explore the city before we officially set off. I spoke to the blacksmith and carpenters. Neither was looking for apprentices, meaning my chances of learning either trade were shot. But I had arranged to buy some blacksmith tools.

In the end, it was a trade that I could pretend to bullshit. Even if a lack of connection with a formal master would make it harder to find someone willing to give me a chance to prove my worth as a blacksmith, that didn't mean it was impossible. As for explaining how I had gotten so skilled in the first place, well, while there was finesse there and technique, it was also something that I could pretend to have learned by watching the blacksmith during my stay. Once I had the tools, I could look to starting a forge back at the farm. There, I could make things, gain experience, and move things along with my skill in the domain of Crafting.

"Out the way! Move it!" I shouted, pushing my way through -- another thing that I had learned during my stay in Alabu was that everyone needed a degree of force in the city to do anything. I reached the docks just in time to see the Jarl and my Father speaking at one of the ships. The raid would be conducted by those that had either stayed for the second one, or those that were layabouts and were passed over for the first.

The quality of warriors was diminished, as not all of the veteran raiders could stay away from their homes and families for so long. Which could bite us in the ass a bit, but… I was confident that me and Father would survive.

Both men fell silent as I approached, and I had a sneaking suspicion that they had been speaking about me. Father had been working with the Jarl about the raid on the property. There wasn't much that could be done, really. Father didn't even mention the most likely suspect because it would just be a he-said-she-said situation. We just didn't have enough proof to make any accusations.

All signs pointed to nothing being done. Simply because nothing could be done.

I said nothing about it as I loaded up, stepping on a ship for the first time in my life. Stashing my stuff away with Father's, I took a seat near the water as everyone boarded up. The docks were crowded and noisy, with the beat of a drum ringing out in the air, and people shouting their farewells.

In no time at all, we were pushing off the docks and sailing forward. Despite myself, I looked over the edge of the ship as we rowed with the oars, my arms working in unison with my Father's as he sat next to me. The crowd of people still hadn't dissipated yet, all of them waving or shouting, their words carried over the water.

And, against all odds, my gaze met the golden eyes of the witch of the wilds. She stood amongst the crowd, blending in seamlessly. She seemed to catch me looking at her, a faint smile tugging at her lips as she regarded me with a small nod. Then she stepped back, vanishing in the crowd so I could no longer see her.

I searched for a moment longer before I looked forward.

The excitement slowly gave way to nervousness as we sailed to a new shore. Had she been looking for me and missed me…?

Or what that an omen for what was to come?


...

As a heads up -- Eivor's name will be changing by next Wednesday. Eivor being a girls name was a feedback I got everywhere I posted this, and I really don't feel like getting reminded every time I post a chapter. That, and I think a name change would help clarify a plot point down the line.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
Last edited: Aug 10, 2022
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, goldeningot, DragonCaster12 and 1,281 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 3, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks First Raid
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 10, 2022
Add bookmark
#188
"Shit," I cursed, falling to the ground and landing on the soft grass and dirt, my legs giving out from underneath me. There were more than a few laughs at my expense, Father's loudest among them all. Using my axe and shield, I pushed myself up and used them to steady myself. Without them, I would have fallen over again immediately, because I began to list to the side, my body moving to account for waves that weren't there anymore.

"You'll get your land legs back soon enough, son. At least you gave me this -- all my boys got sick at sea, except you. I was looking forward to seeing you clinging to the side of the ship. It's the best part about watching young men sail." Father said, patting me on the back hard enough that I fell forward, landing in a prone position. "Sit for a time, until your body remembers what it's like to be on land." he said as he went to go unload the boats.

We had sailed for three days, stopping each night, and heading south the entire time. We stuck close to the shoreline, keeping it on our left until we saw it in front of us. We traveled for an additional day up the coast before Jarl Horrik spotted a raven amongst the trees and decided that it was a sign from Odin. He wasn't a seer, so it seemed odd that he was interpreting signs from Odin, but the gods sometimes communicated with us with clear signs. I knew that better than most.

We shored, bringing the ship up to the coast, where we got out. I had absolutely no idea if there were any people nearby or not, but I was equal parts hoping there were as I was that there weren't.

It had sunk in on the voyage here. I was here to murder people for their wealth and livelihood. People were going to die. Women were going to be raped. Children were going to see their families broken up either by death or enslavement if they weren't enslaved themselves. The few that made it through the raid would have a tough time recovering. It was entirely possible we would be killing them too when winter came and they had failed to sufficiently rebuild their food stores. It would just be delayed by a year.

And I could do nothing to stop it. I was just a warrior, one of many. It wasn't my place to say what we did, where we raided, or what we did to the defeated. Perhaps one day, if the gods were kind and I proved myself, I could become a thegn, and then I could make those decisions. However, for now, I had to accept that I was in the other role now. I was Viking.

While I was getting my balance back, scouts were sent out to bring back word on any settlements nearby. While we waited we were treating this as a temporary camp. A good thing too, because while we landed in the early afternoon, it was nearly nightfall when the scouts trickled back. They all found a road, one direction led nowhere that they found, but another path led to a village nestled at the mouth of a river that we hadn't traveled far enough to see.

With that, our course was set. The warriors offered prayers to the gods for protection in battle. I offered my prayers as well, but for the most part, I used the time to come to terms with what I was about to do. We left two guards for the boats while the rest of us followed the path that the scouts had found. We traveled for a solid hour on foot before we were told to crouch down and stay low. We were about a hundred men in total, probably a bit less than more, so our approach was everything but silent.

Yet, somehow, we managed to sneak up on the village. It was a rather large one, and as said, it was right on the riverbank with a long bridge separating the two sides. There were no walls to speak of. Just a few dozen wood houses with thatch roofs, dirt roads between them, and a few animal pens. After three days at sea, the moon had waned until only the barest sliver was visible, leaving the light shining on the village rather poor.

"We need to secure the bridge first," Jarl Horrik said, his voice low. "The river is wider than I thought it would be," he admitted, revealing why this hadn't been decided earlier. I guess he expected a ditch we could jump over. Instead, there was a sizable river that ran right through the village that had a long bridge crossing it, fashioned from a few thick tree trunks that had been roped together. I think this village might have started out as two separate villages that had been joined together by the bridge. The make and placement of the buildings were noticeably different on either side of the river. "Ten men should do the trick."

"Should we try to sneak into the village first?" I spoke up, earning a disapproving look from the various men around us. Just because I was a man didn't mean I was treated like one. My voice didn't carry as much weight, and there were some who clearly thought it shouldn't be heard at all. However, Jarl Horrik considered it.

"It will be a dangerous task, but a worthy one. We'll cut the village in half," Jarl Horrik decided. "Do you volunteer for it?" he asked me and I didn't have to think about it before I nodded. He smiled, giving me a firm nod of acknowledgment. He started choosing the others who would be going with me, and I started to take off my chainmail shirt, and once I had it off, I saw him giving me an amused look.

"Didn't you spend days selling those shirts to warriors in the market with words about not tempting fate?" he asked me, clearly amused as I now only wore my tunic. My sling was tucked into my belt, while I held my axe and a shield in my hands. A spear might be more useful, but I wasn't a man fully grown yet, and the smallest spear I had seen was seven feet long. The distance was a nice thing, but a spear needed leverage I couldn't provide.

"You shouldn't ever believe anything that comes out of a salesman's mouth," I advised, and he looked like he was visibly swallowing a laugh.

"Go on then and do your father proud, lad. Before you make me give away our position," he said, giving me a push forward. I walked through the underbrush, feeling much lighter without the chainmail weighing me down. I would have liked to keep it for the protection. If it wasn't for the constant noise it made, I would have. I saw others following suit, all of them heading in the direction of the bridge with me.

I reached one of the houses and I heard panting and groaning on the other side of the wood wall, telling me everything I needed to know about why our approach had been missed. Reaching the front side, I crouched low, looking at the village square of sorts -- there seemed to be a method to the madness of the layout of the village, but it left for plenty of nooks both to hide in and to miss someone else watching us. I scanned the darkness as I clung to the shadows, seeing no one but hearing them all around me.

Skulking forward, I continued to keep a look out. I heard a grunt off to my left, and I looked over just in time to see one of the warriors bury his axe into the head of a man that had been pissing on the side of his house. He caught the body, lowering it down quietly, before he continued on. I did the same, heading to the bridge before I spotted a man standing in front of a well, working at the winch to lower the bucket.

My grip tightened on my axe as I walked forward, knowing what I had to do. All that was left was to do it.

I heard the man cursing to himself in a language I didn't understand as he peered down into the well. I think he was worried that the bucket was caught on something. It happened, sometimes. He didn't notice me as I approached, my footfalls silent with each step. I gripped my axe tightly, bringing the head back…

Then I slammed the edge of it into the back of his head with a solid thunk. The axe handle offered leverage that I used to lower him to the ground, arranging it look like he had just passed out, as long as you ignored all the blood, before I ripped my axe free. I looked at the man -- unshaven cheeks, unwashed hair, and a stained tunic that was soaking through with blood.

"Sorry," I told him, but that was all I could give him as I headed for the bridge. The others were trickling in, some of them also having wet blades. When they were all with us, we headed to the other side of the bridge with me in the back. It was a decent bridge, large enough that three men could walk across it shoulder to shoulder. The warriors up front joined together to make a shield wall, layering their shields to provide a united front. Another two kept watch of our backs, while I and another readied long-range weapons. He preferred a bow, the fool. If only he knew the true power of a sling.

Once we were in position, a horn blew out and the tranquil village fell into utter chaos. The warriors swarmed into the village, kicking in doors and barging into homes. A handful of people managed to step out of some of the homes, hastily armed with whatever they had on hand. I spotted my Father rushing one, his dane axe lashing out and catching the man by the neck, severing his head from his body, and he moved on before the head had even hit the ground.

But my gaze didn't linger behind us. The other half of the village was roused from their sleep, men rushing out of their houses, and on that side there were no warriors to run interference for us. They rushed forward, carrying fish hooks or axes, even hoes or a scythe. My sling spun in my hand, loaded with a stone from my stockpile, before I flung it at a man with enough force that his head snapped back and he landed on his back dead.

The men slammed into the shield wall while I loaded up another stone. I killed another man, then crippled another before I heard the whizzing of an arrow. I saw it punch through one of the warriors at the front of the shield wall, emerging from the back of his neck. My gaze snapped into the direction of the source of the shot and I saw a teenager with a bow that was already knocking another arrow.

I flung a stone at him, catching him in the eye, and his body dropped. And so did the shield wall. A fishhook lashed out in the gap the dead man had made as he let go of his shield, catching the warrior that went to replace him in the eye. The men yelled as they started to force their way through, forcing me to drop my sling and pick up my axe. I rushed forward, catching the man with the fishhook in the chest with my axe and pushing him back.

A hoe battered at my shield as I joined the melee, determined for my courage to be witnessed by the gods. The air was filled with noise -- battle cries, screams of pain, shrieks of terror, the crying of children, and the clash of metal and wood. It reeked of copper as another of the warriors fell at my side, allowing the defenders to flank me. I learned that death smelled like shit.

I caught a swipe from a cleaver with my shield, returning the blow with a Power Strike to the wielder's knee, cleaving right through it. He fell to the ground as I shoulder-checked a man in front of me, pushing forward, swinging my axe as I did and catching him in the shoulder. The blade of the axe sunk into him, deep enough that it almost reached the shaft. Hitting him again with my shield, I ripped my weapon free with a spray of gore. No sooner than I did, I swung again at another villager, the one with the scythe that was swiping down at us from the back, trying to catch us in the head with the blade.

He managed it with another of the warriors, stabbing him in the shoulder, only to pay for it with his arm as I cut it off. He screamed, stumbling back as he clutched his missing arm. Another villager stepped up, only to catch an axe to the face, dropping him. Bodies began to pile up in front of me, my boots growing slick with blood and mud, the dirt darkening into a thick muck.

The villagers in the back seemed to realize that the tide was turning against them so they began to break off, turning tail and running. I was content to let them, dealing with those that stayed and fought, only to have the handful of men that survived the brief siege break off after them, either to give chase or to start looting. I frowned deeply, pressing forward and killing another villager, the last one that stayed and fought. I spared a glance at a good two dozen bodies piled up at the opening of the bridge.

My gaze met the villager that had wielded the scythe, still clutching his arm. He looked at me with wide eyes and a bloodless face before he said something to me. Polyglot made it easier to learn languages, but it didn't let me understand them instantly. I gestured to his arm, raising my axe to send a message. He swallowed thickly before he shook his head.

So, I used the axe to tear off a sleeve from a corpse. Walking over, I tied it around his arm to help with the bleeding. Then I shoved him to the ground, gesturing to the corpses. His wide eyes darted to them, then to me, then he offered a small nod before he pretended to be dead.

I don't think it would save him, but it was easier to kill a man in battle than it was to finish him off. Not when he hadn't done anything to me or mine.

"Siegfried!" I heard Father shout, making me turn back to look at him. He and a few other warriors were sprinting across the bridge towards us. "Find your wealth, lad! You've done well!" he shouted, and there was a fierce, unrestrained pride in his voice. I honestly don't think he had ever been prouder of me than he was at that moment, and that was including defending the farm because this time he was here to see it.

I nodded, looking out at the various houses. There was screaming coming within, and I saw a few had their doors open as the inhabitants fled. I ran to one of them with the hopes that it would be empty. The interior was similar to my own home -- a living area with a hearth, dirt floors, and a wall with two doors. However, I soon saw that the house wasn't empty.

There was a bed tucked in one corner and on it was an old man. He eyed me with hatred in his eyes, his covers pulled up. He had been left behind while the rest of his family fled, too old and frail to join them. I looked around the living room, noting that it seemed to be in poor condition. Even the small luxuries of common folk weren't found.

"Hm," I hummed, spotting a wood pitcher filled with water. I grabbed it as I kept an eye on the old man. Giving it a sniff, I found that it smelled like water should. Satisfied, I grabbed a cup before walking to the man's bedside. The hatred lessened into cautious curiosity when I poured him a cup of water, handing it to him. He watched me over the rim, drinking deeply. Setting the pitcher near him, I left his side to explore the rest of the house. I found a pantry that was rather light on foodstuffs. Then a bedroom with a single bed.

Looking through it, I saw that whoever had fled the building took their wealth with them, based on the small hole in the corner of the room that was recently dug up. So, there was no point in staying. Grabbing an apple, I gave the old man a nod, who tentatively gave one back, before leaving the house and heading for another. I skipped the next few houses, going to the ones in the back at the periphery of the village while the sounds of chaos rang out behind me.

The next door I tried was barred, I found. Nothing that couldn't be solved with a Power Attack, which reduced the door to splinters. Kicking the broken remains back, the door gave way to reveal a family that had decided to bar themselves inside. A man and two of his sons, based on the look of it. They had proper weapons, I noticed. The older man even had a scaled gambeson and a shield in hand, and all the men were wielding spears. They were guarding two women -- the mother, a daughter, and a baby.

They snarled the moment they saw me, their spears darting out to drive me away. The baby cried, disturbed by the violence of my entrance and the shouting of the men, while the girls screamed, making an awful chorus of noise. I eyed them, noting that they were also cleaner than the others I had seen. The house was larger too. A wealthy family that had carved out a plot of land after the village was already established?

The scene was almost familiar. I've never witnessed it with my own eyes, but I saw it in my dreams after the attack on the farm -- what could have been if I didn't get that fateful warning or if I hadn't been there. Only, the roles had reversed. I stood in the place of the raiders that would rape and murder my family. That, more than anything else, made my stomach clench uncomfortably.

I took a step back, gesturing to the doorway, saying nothing. Because there was no point. I couldn't understand them any better than they could understand me. The man in the gambeson's eyes narrowed into slits, glaring at me, but he seemed to briefly consider the offer. I was giving them an out. A chance to flee. To live. They might suspect it was a trap, but given how much blood I was covered in, they had to know that we had the best of the village by far.

Then one of the sons, a teenager, screamed at the top of his lungs as he ran forward, intent on skewering me. He was braves, but foolish. I reacted, battering away the tip of the spear with the shaft of my axe before I darted in, slamming the rim of my shield into his face. That made the decision for the rest of the family as the other son ran forward, followed by their father. I could spare a man in a one-on-one, but two on one when they were trying to kill me?

In the end, I valued my life too much. Too much to risk it trying to not kill them. I flung the apple I had taken at the second son's face, hitting him in the head and making him flinch back.

The spear was a great weapon at keeping people away, but it quickly became a hindrance in close quarters. I swung with a power attack, hitting him in the neck and beheading him with a single swipe. The man screamed in rage while the girls screamed in horror. The older man made to tackle me, knowing his spear was useless this close.

However, he underestimated how fast I was. No sooner than my axe cleared his son's neck, it was on its way back. Flipping it, I caught him in the side of the head with the backswing, my blade coming to a stop buried in the bridge of his nose. I ripped my axe free as he fell, the mother screaming with grief as she dove for him. Tears ran down her cheeks when she looked up at me, cursing and spitting. The son that started the fight was getting to his feet, horrified at the sight.

A sigh escaped me as I shook my head, going to him. Despite the fact that he was a few years older than me, I easily hauled him to his feet before I practically threw him out the door. "Get out, go. Run, you idiots," I snapped at them, gesturing for them to go while they could. The daughter seemed to get it because she sprinted out the door, carrying the still screaming baby. The son ran back inside, grabbing his mom, and tearing her away from the corpse of her husband. He glared at me as he dragged his mom out, earning a scoff from me.

"I tried," I told him, dismissing him with a wave. I looked to the two dead, another sigh escaping me. "I tried," I told them before I began to search the house. It was empty of any more inhabitants, and as I suspected, much richer than the previous house had been. The cups were made of metal, so were the plates. The bed was covered in soft furs and the pantry was fully stocked. I began gathering up a pile near the bodies -- a pitcher that had been filled with wine, finely woven baskets, some animal pelts, cups, plates, and a candlestick.

Heading into the bedroom, I flipped the bed over, spilling a sack filled with straw over to find what I thought I might. Given that I had already seen that one household had buried their wealth, and that under the bed was my own favorite hiding place, I thought they might have buried something underneath it. And I was right based on the looser earth beneath it compared to the rest of the room. Using my axe, I upturned the dirt to find that there was a chest buried inside. More of a strongbox.

Breaking the lock, I flipped it open to find a few burlap sacks. One was a coin purse that was heavy with coin. Noticeably so. Opening it up, I saw silver pennies. Dozens of them. In terms of weight, it was about half a pound. In the others, I saw jewels. A small sapphire that was uncut. Two pieces of amber and a few other shiny stones. However, a frown tugged at my lips when I saw a chunk of metal with them. Taking it out, I turned it over, I couldn't help but wonder what it was doing with gemstones.

My eyes narrowed as I brought the piece of metal near my axe and then I felt it. A tug.

"What… sort of magic are you made of?" I asked the odd piece of metal, tucking it into my boot. Why was it attracted to my axe? Why was it kept in the same space as precious jewels? It was clearly a mysterious artifact, so I decided to keep it with me. It was a small thing and it didn't seem noticeable on a quick inspection. Tossing the load into the strongbox, I walked out and added it to the pile. Going to the pantry, I loaded up on dried foods, grain, and salt.

It was a good haul. Father seemed to think so too when he stepped inside, his eyes widening a bit when he saw what was within. "A fine first haul. Find anything special?" he asked, kicking the corpses with a frown on his face. His eyebrows shot up to his hairline when he saw the jewels, making him drop down to check around. "Give Jarl Horrik the blue one. Keep the rest. They're yours by right."

I nodded, snapping the strongbox closed. Tossing it in a basket and loading everything else on top of it, I hauled it all out with some help from Father who made sure no one snuck up on me. The screaming had died down a fair bit, telling me that most of the village was probably dead. My stomach clenched when I saw a warrior grabbing a woman by the hair and dragging her to a house that was filled with the last of the screaming left in the village. All of it from women.

Closing my eyes for a moment, I grit my teeth as I took in a deep breath. I knew it was going to happen. I knew it going in. And I knew that there was absolutely nothing I could do about it.

Because the warrior that was dragging the screaming woman away was Jarl Horrik. He waved at us, a smile on his face, and he was drenched in as much blood as I was. "Erik! Siegfried! Come join us! Nothing can quench the fire in your blood quite like the softness of a woman!" he said with a laugh, still dragging the woman by her hair. She thrashed in his grip, looking at us with hate and fear before her struggles increased.

"We'll join you later, Jarl Horrik. While all of you are wetting your wicks, we'll be rich with plunder," Father said with a laugh, Jarl Horrik joining in as he walked off. If he noticed I didn't laugh with them, then he didn't say anything about it. When he kicked open the door with a triumphant shout, Father spoke in a low tone to me. "Get used to it, Siegfried," he told me as we continued to walk to the bridge. "These things happen on raids. Harden your heart to it."

My lips thinned, "They're acting like animals. The people that attacked the farm would have done that to Mom, or my sisters, or Asta if I hadn't been there."

Father rounded on me, his expression as serious as I had ever seen it. It brought me up short, but I didn't flinch from his look. "But you were there, Siegfried. And you protected your family. These men couldn't do that. They failed to be strong enough to stop us. The gods favored us over them, allowing this to happen to them. Jarl Horrik was right -- the failed raid was so this one would succeed."

"Would you say that if I hadn't been strong enough?" I asked him, uncaring of how his expression turned thunderous. The hypocrisy left a bitter taste on my tongue that I had trouble swallowing -- we were the raiders. This village was the farm. I had been praised for protecting the farm, and now I was being praised for killing the families in this village. It felt like I was the only one that saw how utterly hypocritical it was. "Winning a battle doesn't give you the-"

I could have avoided the blow, but I didn't. Father smacked me across the head, his nostrils flaring. "It does, Siegfried. Winning the battle gives you every right to decide the fate of the defeated. It's a gods given right, because they gave us the victory." he snapped at me, only to look like he regretted it a moment later. "You've always been a kind-hearted boy. I was worried about how you would handle actual battle, but you've proven yourself to be a warrior. But, if you want to be a warrior, then you have to accept this. This is the fate of the defeated… and there is no room for mercy."

We came to a stop in front of the bridge and I turned my gaze to the man I had spared. While I had been looting, someone split his head with an axe.

"Do you understand, lad?" he asked me, making my lips press together in a thin line. I thought I had understood, but seeing it in person was harder than I thought it would be. Killing… I could rationalize that just fine. In the end, I could accept it. Enslavement? Harder to accept, but again, I could accept it. There was a lot of hard labor to be done in the world and having a slave to do a job no one else wanted made sense.

Rape, on the other hand, didn't really have a justification that I could find. It was just forcing yourself on someone because you desired them and they couldn't fight you off. That was it. It served no purpose. It was just cruelty for the sake of cruelty.

I nodded slowly, my eyes dropping down to the slain man. Father reached out and rubbed the side of my head that he had slapped, and sighed. "I'll give Jarl Horrik a reason why you can't join the others," he told me. I nodded again, not voicing my gratitude. I looked up at him to see he was giving me a sad smile. He opened his mouth to say something, only to be cut off by the sound of a horn blowing.

Our heads snapped in the direction of it. It sounded too close to be from the boat, it was an hour's walk away. The horn sounded much closer. Much, much, much closer.

Father shoved me, "We're under attack! To arms! Get your asses out here!" Father shouted at the top of his lungs, making people scramble out of the house, some with their pants around their ankles and blood on their cocks. I paid them no mind as I dropped my hoard of treasure when I spotted the source.

Warriors poured out of the woods, some riding horses, others bare-chested and holding great axes. They screamed war cries, declaring vengeance in an unfamiliar language. One of our warriors rushed out of a house near their point of entry into the village, only to swiftly be cut down. A horseman rode forward, galloping across the bridge as he screamed, brandishing a mace. Gritting my teeth, I threw my axe, catching him in the chest hard enough that it looked like he had been kicked off the horse's back by a giant. He dropped to the ground dead but the horse continued on past us.

"Shield wall! Shield wall!" Jarl Horrik shouted, "Hold the bridge!" he screamed as I scrambled, picking up another axe from one of the fallen warriors. More enemies were rushing to follow the one that had fallen, stepping over his body as they sprinted towards us. The bridge acted as a choke point, directing them to one place, however, I saw an issue. Our ships were on the other side of the river. In the darkness, it was difficult to tell how many there were, but it seemed like a lot. With more on the way.

Regardless, we had to push through them. We were in their territory. They might know a way around the river and then we would be flanked. The moment they went on the defensive, we would run into the same issue that they would have attacking us -- a chokehold where our superior numbers wouldn't mean a thing.

I took in a deep breath, and for the first time tonight, I let out a warcry, matching theirs as I charged across the bridge. I heard Father cursing, calling for me to come back as the shield wall closed behind me, just as I met the first of the warriors.

I didn't mind. I preferred killing real warriors to helpless and unprepared villagers.

All that was left was to fight for my life.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,328 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 10, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Spoils
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 17, 2022
Add bookmark
#445
There's a certain kind of indescribable terror that comes with watching a son charge the enemy with nothing even resembling fear. Siegfried charged alone, driven forward by only the gods knew what while the rest of the men formed a shield wall with him at the head of it. Archers stood behind them, taking aim as they were lifted up by men who were left over. It was a strong position. A defensive position. Yet, Siegfried charged forward towards the enemy as they rushed to them.

Like a wave crashing upon a stone, they broke upon his son.

Part of him was terrified that he was about to watch his favored son die. Another part of him was more proud than words could ever say. Because, in all of his life, he had never seen a man fight like his son did. With a single swing, Siegfried cut the head off of a spear that flickered out like a serpent's tongue, before pressing forward, the edge of his shield slamming into the Saxon warrior's throat, crushing it and moving on to shatter a shield with a single stroke of his axe that dug into another warriors chest.

His son brought death to the enemy. Each movement was either a killing stroke, or it set up the killing blow. It was almost beautiful. No, it was a thing of beauty -- with the moon and stars overhead, the little light they gave made the water and blood shine weakly, letting all witness his son's glory. They watched his son advance across the bridge, killing Saxons all the way.

A horseman surged forward, only to be caught in the head with Siegfried's axe. He dropped to the ground dead, forcing Siegfried to pick up a dane axe from one of his fallen foes.

He killed a warrior with it. A single swing caught the man in the collarbone, cutting through ribs like they were soft bread, before severing his spine and cleaving all the way through. Erik, in all of his years, had never seen anything like it. He had been a member of Horrik's hird since he had been a boy. He had fought in more battles than he could remember, yet he had never seen anything like his son.

"Gods be good," Horrik muttered as his boy continued to advance. It had been only seconds, yet a score of men had been slain. Erik looked to his old friend, and saw him consider the situation and their position. Then he came to the same conclusion Siegfried had at the start of the battle. "Charge! Charge! We must break through!" he shouted and Erik rushed forward to aid his son.

Siegfried had nearly reached the other side of the bridge and he showed no signs of slowing down. The enemy, with their remaining numbers, formed up together to create a wall of bodies. Not quite a shield wall, but it was enough. Erik's heart stilled in his chest as they swarmed his son, trying to overwhelm him. Erik had never moved as fast as he did when his son briefly disappeared, enveloped by Saxons.

He slammed into their number, a furious howl ripping from his throat as he buried his axe so deep in a Saxon they would have to bury him with it. Letting go of its shaft he lashed out with a fist, catching a man in the side of the head shortly before Siegfried reappeared and slammed an axe in his throat.

His boy was wounded, but it was impossible to tell how much blood was his and how much belonged to his enemies. His dane axe had been lost and he now wielded two bearded axes with deadly proficiency. Many Saxons laid dead at his feet, and while he had been encircled, they had failed to kill him. Erik screamed, letting his rage that they had dared to injure his boy flow through his veins as he fought. The rest of the warriors slammed into the remaining Saxons as the melee began in earnest. Siegfried insisted on being the tip of the spear, pushing into where the fighting was at its fiercest and killing whoever got in his way.

There had been a good forty Saxons that had come from the curtain of the night. Erik was sure that his son killed at least a third number single-handedly.

"Rahhh!" Siegfried roared, using one axe to divert the head of a spear before lashing out with the other, severing a Saxon's head. He suddenly jerked his body back, an arrow whizzing by him, and it slammed into the unprotected flank of one of their warriors. The man dropped to the ground as Erik killed a man, spilling his guts with his axe. Siegfried flung one of the axes in his hands, catching the archer in the head from over twenty favner away, before flinging his other axe to catch a horseman that had been prancing about, shouting orders in their foreign words.

The man fell with an axe in the shoulder, landing heavily. And, with the fall of their leader, the Saxons broke. Some fled, leaving their brothers in arms to die at their hands. In minutes, the battle was over, and Erik threw his head back to scream in triumph.

"Kill the wounded," Horrik ordered, clapping men on the shoulder as they took stock of their own injuries and losses. Of the fifty men that had sailed with them, they had lost ten in the attack on the village and the surprise attack after. Another three would not live to see morning, and five seemed to be sporting injuries of various degrees of severity. Meaning, in practice, they had thirty fighting men left.

"We will need slaves to help row," Erik remarked. Three ships that took a dozen rowers each. Horrik nodded.

"We will depart at once. Gather the slaves -- men and women, leave the children. They will only slow us down. Once we are safe, we shall make a sacrifice to the gods for this victory!" he shouted, earning a loud cheer from the men. It would also be a time to take care of their dead. In a lower voice, he spoke to Erik, "Your boy is blessed, Erik. Gods, I can't imagine what he will be like as a man grown. He killed near two scores of men alone."

Erik nodded, casting a look at his boy. He was tall for his age, but still shorter than a fully grown man. He would continue to grow up and out. All signs pointed to him being his equal in height. "I always feared that he would be too soft for battle," Erik admitted. It was as he said to Siegfried -- the boy was soft in some ways. When he had first killed a deer, he had cried like a little girl. Blubbering until he was exhausted and fell asleep.

Time had hardened him, but he was still soft. The look on his face when he saw his Jarl dragging a woman away had told him all that he needed to know. Erik has feared that his son would hesitate in battle. That he would flinch at the cost of blood for victory. He hadn't. Not even close.

"He'll be a terror on the battlefield," Horrik said, and Erik knew that Siegfried had found his favor. Perhaps as a member of his hird. It would be a good life for Siegfried -- to act as a bodyguard of a Jarl. "Gods, he already is one."

Erik looked at his son, who was inspecting his wounds to find that they were light. He would sport some scars from his first pitched battle, but nothing that would impede his prowess in battle. Given that he had been surrounded…

"He was never like that with his brothers. He's always been a fine fighter, but… I didn't know he was capable of such a feat," Erik admitted to himself as Siegfried began getting his axes. And the chainmail he hadn't bothered to wear.

"We will have much to celebrate when we return to Alabu," Horrik spoke. "As will we have much to discuss."

Erik fought off a smile as he nodded. The future of his family was secure.

…

I had leveled up during the battle, bringing me to level six. My Martial stat rose to five as well, increased by a huge leap in Tactics and Prowess. With the milestone in level, I was given an additional perk point that I could spend in the Martial tree. Given I still had the free one for reaching level five, I had two extra perk points -- one I could spend anywhere and the other I had to use on Martial.

For Prowess, I had a leftover choice of Steady Hands, which would make sure my aim would never waver. I also had two new choices of Shatter Defense or Unbreakable Guard -- the former would ensure that no one could block against my attacks. The latter made sure no one could touch me when I was actively blocking.

Given that I had a good dozen nicks and cuts across my body, I chose Unbreakable Guard. Power Attack more or less did the same thing, so stacking offense wasn't necessary.

For Tactics, I had reached my first milestone, giving me a choice between Inspiring Leader, Aggressive Attacker, or Stalwart Defender. Each increased morale when I fought, either as a leader at the head of the army, when I was attacking, or when I was defending. Given the customs of my people, the choice was obvious so I went with Inspiring Leader. The extra Martial point wasn't spent on anything for now in the hopes I could spend it on a better perk down the line.

The battle had also given me a bump in a feature I had used so little of that I almost forgot that it existed -- Prestige. It hovered at zero for so long that when it jumped to twenty, I almost couldn't believe my eyes. It didn't give me anything, though. I was still in the realm of the unknown, but it was better than nothing.

I also went ahead and picked Fast Counter for my Stewardship perk. It would have come in handy during the battle, and I knew it would in future battles.

"Ship," I said, speaking Germanic, repeating after the Saxon man that we had captured. The hull of the ship had been filled to the point of bursting -- plunder taken from the village, but mostly with food and animals… and people. Most of which rowed the ships tirelessly since we had a North-facing wind on our voyage back home.

The one I was speaking to was resting while I rowed in his place. Given that I was at sea, my daily quest had changed to rowing a certain number of miles. The Saxon man was all too willing to let me row for hours on end in exchange for learning his language.

"Yes, this… ship. Ship on sea," the man said, and I had underestimated just how powerful Polyglot was. It had been three days since I started learning, and already, we could communicate easily enough. We went through the basics -- who, what, when, where, why. Then common phrases like gods be with you. Now he was giving me words like sheep, chicken, person, warrior, ship, ocean, river, water, and so on. At the rate I was going, it would only take a week before I was fluent in Germanic. "Where do we sail to, my lord?"

"Not a lord," I told him, "We're sailing to Alabu," I told him, continuing to row. Annoyingly, I had to go the pace of the others, which felt sluggish. Though, I did get an idea of where I lived now. The northern part of Jylland, the river that flowed through the top of it, making the tip of Denmark an island. Alabu was seated on the eastern end of the river. My scope of the world had expanded considerably.

"What will be done there?" he asked me, staring straight ahead. "I - slave?"

I repeated the word, and he clarified that he said 'become'. In response to his question, I glanced at Jarl Horrik, who hadn't stopped being happy since we had left. I think he had remained drunk since we set sail, honestly. Looking back at the man, I nodded, "Probably," I told him, not mincing words.

He let out a sigh, "With luck, I will find a kind -." he said, and I'm guessing the word he said meant master. I'm also sure that he was dropping a hint for me to pick up that he hoped that I would buy him, but I didn't give him anything in response to make him get his hopes up. The money I had, I had plans for. And it wasn't to buy slaves. "It is not a bad life. A hard one, true, but not a bad one. Though, I would have - fallen at your blade in battle. It would have been an honor."

A sentiment that was being shared by others. Since the battle, I was getting a lot more respect from everyone else. Not that I had been disrespected before, but more… easily dismissed because of my age. Now, when I spoke, people listened. I was included in the various games to pass the time and treated as an equal. Something Father allowed, because he had stopped hovering. Though, that was probably because he was given command over one of the other ships.

I was respected now. Respected as a great warrior. Pride swelled in my chest because as much as the gods approval meant to me, the approval of my fellow warriors almost meant as much.

"It would have been an honor to face you," I returned, mostly to not make things awkward. Based on the slight smile the man wore, he suspected as much.

"Better you than the Franks," Wilfred, the man who was teaching me how to speak his language, remarked. "At least with you, I know the dead won't be cursed by their Christian god." he said, muttering bitterly under his breath. My ears perked up at that.

"Franks? Christians?" I questioned, making him nod with a scowl on his face.

"Aye. Their king has all but taken over Saxony. He would be king of it in truth if it wasn't for King Widukind fighting against him. He fights where he can, but… those Christians and their dead god won't rest until every 'heathen' is either baptized or dead. They seem to prefer dead," Wilfred answered, his tone dark.

Who would worship a dead god? That didn't make any sense -- a dead god couldn't do anything. They were dead. What power could they have then? Whatever power a god might have had in life was lost in death, just as a mighty warrior was just another corpse upon being slain.

Wilfred turned his gaze to Jarl Horrik, his eyes narrowing. "Your leader should have gone further west. The Franks are the true enemy to us and our ways. King Sigfred would do well to ally with King Widukind. It's the only hope that Saxony has to casting off our invaders… and when we fall, so shall your homeland." He said with a shake of his head, more disappointed by politics than he was at being enslaved.

King Sigfred. That was a name that I recognized, if only by the curses that my father would mutter about him every once in a while. He never really talked about it much, but I knew that Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred had a very longstanding blood feud that started when they were only boys. I had asked about it once -- why I would share the same name as the man that Jarl Horrik despised so much.

My father told me I was named after a hero that had slain a mighty dragon, not King Sigfred… but even back then, the words had felt like a lie.

However, his words did give me a rising concern -- I had no clue if what he said was true or not. Was my homeland in danger of being invaded? Should I fear the Christians and their god? Saxony sounded like a vast kingdom when I heard people speak of it, but it had fallen to the Franks. From the sounds of it, they suffered horribly.

A horn blowing caught my attention as I looked to Jarl Horrik. He smiled down at me, "We're home to be celebrated as heroes!" he said as we continued to row, a shoreline that seemed familiar appeared as we headed to the gulf of it, traveling up the river. I kept my eyes on the shoreline, and in no time at all, I saw a familiar coast from a different point of view. Though, sadly, I didn't see anyone as we passed our home. Father seemed to share my disappointment. We continued upstream and there, I saw the city of Alabu.

And celebrated as heroes we were. A crowd had gathered at the docks when they spotted our ships, people cheering loudly when they saw how full the ships were when we made landfall.

There were some devastated to hear that their loved ones had fallen. Including a heavily pregnant woman, but they soothed themselves with the thoughts that the fallen were feasting in Valhalla. In total, we had lost fifteen men. Ten in the battle, then another five had died of their wounds on the way back.

We were ushered into the longhouse as others unloaded the ship. The longhouse was absolutely packed, and a feast was starting with Jarl Horrik front and center. "The gods granted us great wealth. Odin himself gave us a sign of the village that we raided, then Thor gave us a challenge to prove that we deserved our loot! More than a hundred Saxons came pouring from the forest -- I know not if that was their home, or if they had the same idea as we did!" There was a cheer at that as he ridiculously inflated the number of Saxons by more than half. "We were all caught with our pants down, some more literally than others!" Another cheer intermixed with laughter.

"Siegfried, come up here," Jarl Horrik said as I sat at the long table, next to my Father. He told me to expect this. I was being honored, and he also told me what I had to do.

He called it a game. Politics. It didn't seem like the kind of game I enjoyed playing.

People patted me on the back as I walked towards the Jarl, one wife seated next to him in a throne while an older woman, though still on the young side, stood next to his vacant throne. He stood up, smiling wildly for all to see. "This here is Siegfried! Some of you might recognize him because of his bastard father!" he said good-naturedly, earning a laugh from Father. "He was here just a few days ago to become a man. Now, I will be honest with you -- when I heard little Siegfried here had killed a dozen men, I harbored doubts." he said, raising a tankard as he made a face.

"I thought to myself 'What boy could kill a dozen fully grown men?' I thought perhaps it was an exaggeration! Just like I told you all it was a hundred Saxons!" He revealed the fib, much to the crowd's enthusiasm. "Just as I will every time I tell the story! By the year is out, we will have faced three armies at once!" The crowd was eating it up as I approached, people slapping me on the back as I did.

He was good with people, I thought to himself. He knew exactly how to whip a crowd up. He could say anything on that stage, and they would be eating out of the palm of his hands. I saw why he was a longstanding Jarl for nearly thirty years -- an old man in a profession where most would have died years ago.

"But, let me tell you this, people of Alabu -- there are no false words when I say that Siegfried turned the tide of the battle single handily. Never in my life have I seen a warrior as fine as him. When the Saxons attacked us from behind, Siegfried alone broke their charge over the bridge. He killed them as easily as a farmer cuts grass, and they fell just as easily. So great of a warrior he is that the Saxons practically ignored fifty veteran warriors, seeing Siegfried as the greater threat!" he paused, allowing the crowd to cheer so loudly it felt as if they were going to shake the building apart.

The warriors began to stomp in a rhythm, prompting others to do so. Soon the entire hall was stomping in unison, shaking the earth as they cheered. My renown climbed higher by the second. All their eyes were on me and I became very aware that I didn't have a nice tunic on or anything, and my hair was a mess. And that I hadn't bathed in two days since I got all of the blood off.

"For this reason, Siegfried will be given a share and a half of the loot," Jarl Horrik decided, and the warriors I had fought with cheered in approval. "This is for his deeds in the battle. Yet, I suspect that this is just the start of his saga. And how could I not want to be a part of it?!" The crowd cheered until Jarl Horrik raised a hand to quiet them down.

"Erik! Stand up, you bastard!" he shouted, making Father stand up. "My friend, you have served me well. As a warrior, I have always been able to trust you with my life. As a friend, I have always trusted you to be honest. As a servant, you have always provided me with your dues, without fail." Father straightened up, squaring his shoulders. "You have many sons. I have many daughters. Most have been promised to others, but my youngest, Gunjill, has had her betrothal broken by the death of her promised. In sight of all of you, my people, I would like to bind our families at last -- my youngest daughter to your youngest son."

I was getting married? I blinked at the turn of events, caught flatfooted. Father too, by the looks of it.

A girl was brought out, and she seemed to be a few years older than me. Dark brown hair that was tied off into a long braid, a round face while her blue eyes had a greenish hue to them. She was dressed nicely, telling me that this had been planned. She offered me an uncertain smile, seeming to take me in as much as I was her. I smiled back, mostly because I wasn't sure what else to do.

"Nothing would please me more, my friend. Let our families be bound by marriage and blood," Father spoke, his voice echoing out as I was betrothed just like that.

That… happened fast. The girl, Gunjill, walked over to me and was placed by my side. We shared another look and I saw that we were around the same size -- me being tall for my age with her being a bit short.

"Her dowry shall be a farmstead -- fifty acres of land rich with game and soil," Jarl Horrik decided, looking at me with a smile. "The marriage will happen when she comes of age, giving you some time to give my daughter a worthy bride price. You will work the land, and all the wealth that it produces until the marriage takes place will go to her bride price." he told me, so I had about two years before we were wed. It also meant that I would own fifty acres -- some farmland, some forest by the sound of it. As far as a dowry went, it was a rich one. Farmland was incredibly valuable and I was gifted a farm greater than my family currently had.

I bowed my head, "Thank you, my lord. I will give her a price that she deserves. And I will prove worthy of the favor you've given me. I swear it," I said, reaching out and grasping my armband. That got a wider smile out of him and a curt nod.

"Good! Then let us celebrate our return and the betrothal of my daughter!" He shouted, causing the hall to cheer again. The celebrations resumed in full swing, with even more reasons to party harder. I ignored it all for a moment to look at Gunjill, who looked back at me with wide eyes.

She mustered up the will to speak first, "You can call me Jill," she told me offering a smile that looked like it was going to shatter with the slightest touch. She was uncertain. Not quite afraid, but I was getting the impression that this had been sprung on her as much as it had been on me. "Everyone else does. Father… likes to name his daughters with Gun in the name, so… it's easier to… tell us apart…" She trailed off, sounding like she wasn't sure if she should have volunteered the information.

"Jill, then," I said, offering her with a smile that I hoped would put her at ease. I knew I would be married one day. It was the responsibility of every man to marry and have babies, then teach their children and possibly grandchildren what it meant to be a man. However, that always seemed so very far away. I never expected to get married so soon. Much less to a daughter of a Jarl. I… had absolutely no clue what I should be doing with myself, and the fact that I didn't seemed to make her more and more uncertain. "I hope we get along? I… promise I won't ever mistreat you. I… would like it if you were happy?" I said, each word feeling like a mistake as I said it.

However, my clumsy attempts to reassure her seemed to work. Somehow. Jill offered a small, yet honest smile before she was urged away at the behest of a servant, "I would like us to be happy too, Siegfried," she told me as she was led away, while I was urged to the feasting table. I think that was a good start, but I didn't have time to dwell on it.

I was seated in a place of honor with my horned cup never dropping below half empty with mead. The celebration was in full force when I found Jarl Horrik speaking to me. I wasn't completely drunk, but I was drunker than I had ever been before. I only realized that he was speaking to me about halfway through a sentence, "-feast?" he asked, and my slow blink was an answer in itself.

He let out a bark of laughter, "I had forgotten your age, lad. But, it is a good thing to be drunk!" he said with a joyful laugh, clapping me on the shoulder hard enough I nearly fell out of my chair.

"Why…" I started, only realizing that I had spoken after the word left my lips. He looked to me and I forced my tongue to obey. "...did you give me fifty acres of land? That's… a lot…" I muttered, blinking away the haze that was making my vision glaze over. Jarl Horrik gave me a lingering look for a moment. A glint in his eye that almost appeared… calculating.

Farmland was valuable. Good farmland even moreso. Fifty acres of it was an incredible amount of land, especially for someone my age. All because of one battle. It didn't make sense. Something wasn't adding up. And I might be a little drunk, but that fact wasn't lost on me.

Jarl Horrik took in a deep breath before he gestured for a slave to fill my cup again, "Were you ever taught what a bride price is for?" he asked me, answering my question with a question of his own. I opened my mouth to answer, but he continued on, not giving me the time. "It's security for the wife. It's a means to provide for herself should the husband fall in battle or fall ill. So, it can be said that the bride price is a measure of a man. Because a man's worth is determined by how well he can provide for his family." Jarl Horrik spoke slowly and in a low voice, letting the sounds of a feast drown him out so only I could hear him.

"Your father has a large family," he spoke, and I gave him my full attention. "The gods favor him -- most of his children reached adulthood. That is a very rare thing. However, it means he is saddled with a large family to provide for. The farmstead cannot support such a large family. It's simply too small for me to receive my dues. Your wealth is supplemented by hunting game, fishing… and selling the excess barely, oats, turnips, and onions." Jarl Horrik offered me a smile and I very quickly began sobering up.

"You see the contradiction then? Good. I can't stand men who drink until their wits are addled," Jarl Horrik said, giving me his cup to drink from. It was not filled with mead or ale. It was filled with water. "Your farm struggled to meet the dues for many years. More than once, your father dipped into his hoard to cover the difference because your family, full of growing men, were in danger of going hungry. I know that because the people he bought the food from report to me. Which is why it was so surprising that your father in the past years has not only not purchased any foodstuffs… but had begun to sell his excess."

I swallowed thickly, and it was as if the entire room was fading away despite the noise the celebration made. I hadn't known that. As far as I knew, the farm was producing enough to feed us all and give our dues without any need to buy anything. Father had lied to us, in that regard. Or, at least to me. But I couldn't get angry. He prioritized feeding us over making sure he had enough to pay the taxes, then used the money he was hoarding for Valhalla so we wouldn't lose the farm.

There weren't many that would do the same.

"It's a test?" I questioned, earning a nod from Jarl Horrik.

"You've already proven that you're a mighty warrior despite your age. I meant what I said, Siegfried. In a few years' time, when you become a man in body, you are going to be a terror on the battlefield. What I want now is for you to show what your measure is as a man -- as a husband to my daughter, whom I love very much," he told me outright as he reached out and took his horn of water back. He brought it to his lips before having a servant fill it. "So, I want you to work the land and show me what kind of life you can provide for my daughter."

I had the sinking suspicion that he wasn't saying something, or leaving something out, but I couldn't figure out what it was for the life of me. Leaving me with nothing more than a disconcerting feeling…

And a thought that Jarl Horrik was a far more cunning man than anyone gave him credit for.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, hepustepus and 1,407 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 17, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Farmstead
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 24, 2022
Add bookmark
#529
"What happened to the last owner of the farm?" Havi asked as we entered the border of my farmstead. It was a bit of a mixed bunch, I found. There was some flatland near the river that flowed east towards Alabu, my farmstead located further west than my parent's. There were also rolling hills that were covered in a dense forest along the border of the fifty acres I was allotted.

"Executed. Tax evasion," I answered with knowledge gained from when I had done a little asking around about the huge swath of land given to me. The story was that the last owner, an older man, began to neglect the farm and his dues to hoard his wealth for Valhalla. First, it started as cutting corners here and there to save some time and money, but the more money he saved, the more corners he cut until the farm deteriorated. He earned a few smacks for being unable to pay his taxes, and had to pay by giving over a few thralls instead, but it was otherwise no issue.

Last year, however, it came to a breaking point. Sensing his death, he fired all of the workers, sacrificed all the slaves for a bountiful harvest, then tried to work the land himself. Only to find that he was too old for the backbreaking labor. At that point, he buried his hoard somewhere, possibly on the land, but no one knew for sure. When tax collectors came around, he told them to lick his asshole, started a fight, then was beheaded. The farm was ransacked for everything it was worth, but it hadn't been much.

The land went back to Jarl Horrik, becoming part of his demise, but, according to my father, Jarl Horrik had used the land as bait to make his vassals try to earn his favor. Which meant that the farmland was both in disrepair and left to fallow for about a year as a result. It meant that I would have to start from scratch, but at the same time, it meant that the soil would have regained some of its health.

"Try not to follow suit, yeah?" Tormod said, flicking my ear as we traveled together. Him, Havi, and Kirk all came with me while the others stayed at the farmstead about a day's travel from my property. I was about a two days walk away from the city of Alabu, more of a day and a half really, but close enough. However, I was also practically neighbors to the Wise Woman. I noticed that on the way here, seeing the same landmarks that we had passed by when Father thought I was possessed. To the south of me, there was a farming community, a village that I didn't know the name of.

"Summer is already half over and the fields haven't even been touched. The first year is going to be a hard one. The second one should be better," I said, continuing to walk before I caught a glimpse of it. The treeline gave way to flatland, fields that were overgrown with weeds and grass. There were acres worth of farmland, proving that it was larger than my family's farm. Near the river, I saw a house.

It looked ransacked. When the tax collectors came, it seems that they had decided to tear through the house in search of the old man's hoard or anything of value so he could pay what he owed after death. The door was kicked in, the roof had caved in from last year's snow… In all, it didn't look good.

"That's why we're here, little brother," Kirk said, taking the sight in. "And them, too," he said, gesturing at those that followed us. I glanced over my shoulder to see a group of five men and women. All of them with their hair cut short. They traveled in silence, their heads hung low.

I had chosen them as my one and a half share of the loot. My brothers and I just weren't enough to break in a farm this size, especially not at the speed we needed, so I had picked out some skilled thralls. We needed many hands to make light work, and some of those hands were spoils of war.

Along with them was a small army of animals. Sheep, goats, pigs, and chickens. A wagon was full of supplies -- seeds, tools, and the like. It cost a small fortune, but some of it had been covered by the Jarl and some had been gifts from my family. The sum earned from the sales of the chainmail were gone in an instant. As were the minor spoils I gained on the raid for my personal wealth. I still had the gemstones, but using them was a double-edged sword on the account that selling them would reveal that I had them in the first place.

Jarl Horrik was a lot smarter than I had initially given him credit for. I suspected that he was as smart as he was gregarious. And I knew that he wouldn't leave an investment like this without someone keeping a watchful eye over it. Father had warned me that one of the slaves might be a spy. Who it might be, I had no clue. In any case, so long as the spy worked hard, he was welcome to report whatever they would like. Wasn't like I had anything to hide.

"Alright, let's get to work," I said, striding forward with the intent to tame the land. And that we did.

It was months of hard labor. The horse pulled the plow, acting as a workhorse, letting us till the soil at high speeds while ripping up the weeds and spreading the manure into the dirt. Seeds were planted by hand. I hoped that there was something that I could do to eventually speed up the process, but to do so meant I had to increase my learning skill, which was going up the more fluent I became in Germanic or created tools for the farm.

The slaves had been puzzled by the four-field rotation I had established. Barley, rye, clover, and turnips were planted. But, they did what they were told, which was nice. It took a bit of time, longer than I would have liked for the fields to be fully sowed. Of the fifty acres, the field only covered roughly fifteen of them, with the rest covered in woodland. Only then did we look to other matters.

The house was in a complete state of disrepair. Almost to the point that it would be better to tear it all down and start from scratch. However, just enough of the wood was still strong to convince me to restore the house. The roof was patched, the door was refitted, and the rooms were repaired. For the first time in my life, I had my own bedroom that I didn't have to share with several brothers and a few sheep. The wood came from felling trees, which I then shaped thanks to the skill point I had invested into Carpentry. With my extra point for my level, I put it into Blacksmithing, though I was limited by the available amount of iron.

I did my best to hide the oddness of the knowledge by pretending that I was learning from the thralls -- of the eight that I had picked out, one was a blacksmith apprentice, one was an old carpenter, while the rest were either laborers or had some unique skill that seemed worth the price given for them.

The house took days to finish, but when it was done it opened me up for other projects. Like a living quarters for the slaves that doubled as an animal pen, because living in a house with people I owned and enslaved… honestly didn't sound like a great idea, even if they seemed mostly fine with me, just like Ida had been with Father. Well, maybe not exactly how Ida had been with Father.

I think my age helped there. I was just a boy in shape even though I was a man. And I spoke to them in their language as I taught them ours.

I started making more fishing traps and snares. Then furniture to fill a rather empty home. I built a workshop that would eventually have a forge next to it, letting me work with both metal and wood. All of which was done between working the land -- it was impossible to utilize all of the farmland this year, we simply started too late, but the fields that we did have were of a good size and next year the farm would be much larger.

Months went by in the blink of an eye. Each day I would wake up before even the roosters did, do my daily ritual, begin working on the farm, catch whatever had been caught in my traps, and I would only go to bed when the moon was hanging overhead. There was simply so much to do and there never seemed to be enough hours in the day. Each day was exhausting and grueling, and not even the steady stream of exp could make the tasks any more enjoyable. I went to bed sore, woke up feeling like a giant pulled muscle, then worked all day until I could pass out from exhaustion again that night. It was a perpetual cycle with no deviation from the previous day.

Until, one day, it suddenly did.

I dragged my feet to the house, pushing open the door with a low groan from the hinges. I kept the rusty ones. They were loud enough that if someone tried to sneak in while I was asleep, them opening the door would wake me up. Entering the house, I froze when I saw that the hearth was occupied -- a woman stood in front of a flickering flame that sat below a black pot.

She was dressed in dark clothing, almost making her blend in seamlessly with the shadows of the house. Her shoulders were bare, and her black hair was twisted into a knot and pinned in place, revealing a slender neck. "Do not stand idle, fool. 'Tis your own home, after all," she spoke, warming her hands by the fire. It was fall already. The harvest would be upon us soon. Hopefully. We were cutting it close and a cold snap before winter could kill my crop.

Given that the temperature was cooling, I was worried that exactly that would happen.

I knew exactly who she was. Stepping inside, I watched her warily as I closed the door. "I do hope that you aren't warning of another attack. I haven't been able to lift my hands over my head in days," I admitted, circling around and leaning against the wall. The girl, the witch of the wilds, glanced over her shoulder at me, a golden eye peering at me.

"I am not an omen of death," she said in a chiding tone, and I'm not sure if I believed her there. "For you or others, despite what some are so keen to believe." With her point made, she looked to the fire once again, not offering why she was here.

"That's a relief. Would you care for some food? Ale?" I asked, making her glance at me again. This time, there was a slight smile tugging at the corner of her mouth.

"I wonder what kind of man so easily welcomes a witch of the wilds into his home and hearth?" she questioned, turning around, her arms crossed.

"A polite one," Came my easy reply, and she let out a small breath of amusement at that. "Maybe I would have greater reservation if you hadn't saved me and my family, but you did. For that, I am grateful. Truly. A warm meal and ale is the least I can offer you," I told her, her eyes narrowing ever so slightly. Suspicious. I... didn't think she often received a warm welcome wherever she went.

Witches were something to be respected and feared in equal measure. People wanted the power of their magic, to use them as seers to interpret signs from the gods, to cure sickness… or to cause it. However, that same power made them outsiders. It made them different.

Being different got you killed as I so narrowly avoided learning the hard way.

"I wanted to thank you with more than words, but I had to go raiding. Thank you for seeing me off," I said, letting her know that I had seen her.

She pursed her lips, "You have been here for many a moon. My home 'tis but a stone's throw away, and no deed or gift has found itself offered to me." she pointed out, sounding downright haughty at that. She cocked an eyebrow, tilting her head ever so slightly. "Hm? Please don't tell me you are merely offering pretty words because you wish to be between my thighs. T'would be most disappointing."

"I've been a bit busy," I said, gesturing to all that was around us and tapping my foot on the wood floor. My brothers thought it was a waste of good timber. I didn't care. I was tired of dirt floors that turned into mud every spring. "I'm afraid I won't have time to so much as think until the winter months. Then perhaps my humble offerings of fish and bread would have greater value."

"Perhaps," she admitted with a small nod of her head, "I have watched how tirelessly you have toiled. One would think that you were the slave and those bound your masters," she remarked with a smirk. There was a beat of silence as we considered each other for a moment. The first time I saw her, it had been years ago in a derelict building. Then she suddenly appears again, warning of an attack, then disappears like the wind. Only to reappear weeks later to watch me leave from the docks… and now she was here again. Admitting that she had been watching me for possibly months.

She was shadowing me. Following me. For what reason, I couldn't even begin to guess.

"I never got your name," I pointed out before walking to a pitcher of water that came from the river. Grabbing two cups, I filled them both before passing one to her. The water was safe, I've found. No one took ill after drinking it thus far.

"'Tis because I never gave it," she said, accepting the cup, but only drank after I did. "But I know you. Siegfried Erikson, the greatest warrior of the age, so some fools say. One that has the love of the gods and a witch of the wilds, for what other reason would I save you in your time of need? Of course, it must be that I am in love with you." Sarcasm dripped from her words as she scoffed dismissively, narrowing her striking golden eyes into a glare as if daring me to believe it.

Right.

"Then why did you?" I asked her, meeting her gaze unflinchingly. "You came and went like the wind. How did you know? Why did you warn me?" I questioned, taking a seat in a chair I had fashioned. It was a pretty shitty one. I wasn't happy with it at all. But, it was good enough to lounge in by the fire. As I sat down, I watched her carefully, trying to read her body language, but all I got from her was an air of mystery and that her guard was up.

She tilted her head, taking a seat of her own. She frowned, pondering how to answer for a moment. "You are favored by the gods, and now the Jarl. Perhaps you will even find favor with King Sigfred. I watched you and saved you… so you would owe me. Your family would be dead without my intervention, if not you yourself. A great warrior you might be, but not all death happens on the battlefield." she said, speaking plainly.

She wasn't wrong there. Her delivery needed some work, but she wasn't wrong.

Debts were things that had tangible value. When you owed someone, you had to pay them back. A debt owed could be the difference between life and death for either the debtor or the one in debt. I owed her a debt and she was here to collect.

"Then I'm afraid you wasted a trip. I will repay you for what you did, regardless of if you wanted to collect or not. You could have stayed home and I could have gone to you," I pointed out, and she openly wore a pleased look.

"How very honorable. 'Tis a very convenient trait," she remarked, making the word sound like an insult. "But there would have been little point. You wish to repay me? I saved your home and hearth, which set into motion your accession to manhood by the Jarl, and that, in turn, is how you find yourself with this farm and a bride. What you shall give is what I am owed -- home and hearth." There was a challenge in her voice, a silent dare to argue.

Which I should.

"You want to live on the farmstead?" I questioned, wanting to know exactly what she wanted from me.

"Not in your home, nor in your bed. You shall build me my own home on your land. As shall you provide for me -- meat, drink, and warmth," she stated, her tone leaving me no argument. "Do this, and I shall consider the debt repaid."

She was asking for too much. Far too much. What she was asking for was to be another mouth to feed. I don't know if we would have enough for myself, my brothers, and the slaves as it was. The temperature was already starting to fall so the harvest was in danger of dying before it could be reaped. She was asking to be a freeloader, basically. Something I didn't expect. For the rest of my life, she would be provided for while not doing any work for the harvest.

Yet, at the same time, she wasn't wrong. If being honorable was such an easy thing to be, then it wouldn't be such an admired trait, regardless of what she thought of it.

"Why me?" I questioned, tilting my head as I looked at her. She was around fourteen or fifteen. Old enough to be considered a fully grown woman. If she wanted an easy life, then she could go up to any Jarl or Thegn and offer herself as a seer or witch. They would be delighted to have someone that could interpret the will of the gods in whatever manner she chose, so they would wait on her hand and foot. "I understand that I am favored, but I'm not established in any way. That favor can be taken back for any reason at any time. If your goal is to live a leisurely life, then there are better choices than me."

Her lips thinned, not happy that I was questioning her. "What does it matter?" she asked, her tone guarded. She was hiding something. What, I couldn't tell. But, the fact she wanted a house on my land when her mother's hovel was less than a day's walk away… that said something. What, I didn't know, but it said something. "You are honor-bound to oblige me, are you not?"

I offered a slow nod of my head, "I am, but I'm not inclined to let you take advantage of me. I'm not against letting you stay by any means, I would just like to know why. And what you want. If you're going to stay, then it only makes sense to know my new neighbor, hm?" I pointed out, and while she seemed thoroughly annoyed with me for making a good point, she didn't exactly seem displeased.

"'Tis obvious, is it not? You shall become important one day. Your worth as a warrior will have Jarls and Kings throwing wealth and favor upon you to sway you to their side to do their bidding. Or, perhaps underneath that veil of honor and humility is ambition?" she questioned before she smiled ever so slightly. "T'would not be a bad thing. Ambition simply means you understand your value. Should you become a Jarl, mayhaps even a King, then I shall benefit."

She scoffed, "My mother believes that I should remain in that hut, starving and shivering each winter. What I desire, my ambition, is to simply gain the things that I should have -- pretty baubles, delicious food, and a warm hearth. You are merely a means to get such things."

Huh. "That's rather blunt of you," I said, leaning into my chair. It was also a lot of words to use to say that I was right, she wanted to be a freeloader. Or, rather, to freeload off of an important person. And it wasn't like I didn't get it. If doing nothing and not only not dying, but thriving was an option, I'd be tempted to take it too.

"Is honesty not a virtue?" she asked, not sounding apologetic in the slightest for her desires or her ambition.

I thought it over for a moment before I nodded, "Alright. I can begin on your house in the morning," I told her and her eyes briefly widened, telling me that she expected more resistance. Maybe some bartering, some give and take. I probably should. But, regardless of her reasons for calling in the debt, it couldn't be denied that I owed her.

"So easily?" she questioned, eyeing me much like a coiled snake. Much like she had the first time we met.

"I do require one thing," I said, making her lips curl, but before she could spit any venom at me, I continued. "Your name. Unless you're fond of being called, 'hey, you' or 'witch.'" That took the wind from her sails, making her snarl fade as my request wasn't what she expected.

She considered me for a long moment. Long enough that I began to think that she was going to refuse. Then she offered a small nod, "I am Morrigan," Morrigan introduced herself, sounding almost… uncertain. As if she hadn't spoken her own name in some time. Either she hadn't, or it was a false name, but I couldn't see what she would have to gain by lying about what her name was.

I offered her a tired smile, "Nice to meet you, Morrigan. Feel free to take the bed if you wish to stay the night. And bar the door if that will make you feel safer," I added when her lips parted to say something. "I'll sleep out here. It won't be the first time."

Morrigan pursed her lips, looking at me as if she was trying to see right through me. She wasn't as good at it as her mother was. Whatever it was she was looking for, she either found it or found a lack of it because she nodded, "Very well. I suppose I should offer my thanks for your generosity. 'Tis not lost on me that you have more reason to refuse than not." she said, standing up as she headed to the bedroom, not actually offering her thanks. She gave me one last lingering look before she headed to the room, closing the door and barring the door from the inside in case I intended to come in after her.

I let out a small sigh as my eyelids began to grow heavy. That wasn't what I expected in the least. I hadn't known what I should expect, but it wasn't that. However, it would be worth it. In the months I had been on the farm, my Stewardship stat was climbing higher by the day. With Morrigan here, then there was a chance to learn what she knew -- knowledge was knowledge, and it would further help my Learning stat.

And I was going to need it if I wanted this farm to thrive.

…

It had been a close call. There had indeed been a cold snap, bringing winter to the land sooner than I had hoped. There had been one harvest of the barley, and the second harvest had just barely missed the cold snap before the first snows appeared. The turnips had a good turnout as well, though it had been a bit of a hit and miss with some of them. The clover had a number of harvests because it was so fast-growing, the same with the hay grass.

Once they were harvested, I immediately began planting a number of winter crops. Oats, winter rye, garlic, and cabbage. The seeds would grow during the winter, allowing me to have a crop as soon as spring started. That was my hope, at least.

I paid my taxes to Jarl Horrik in food, thankfully. There hadn't been enough to sell for silver, but I expected that. Next year would be different because I wouldn't be breaking in the land halfway into the growing season. I would have more time for more harvests, and that was not considering the raiding I would be doing.

Morrigan settled into the cottage I built for her towards the edge of my land, deep in the forest. My brothers gave her a wide berth and had remained tellingly silent about her. They weren't willing to even speak of her to talk ill, fearing that she would know and cast a curse on them in retaliation. And given Morrigan's temperament, I imagine she would be rather generous when it came to giving out curses or hexes. It was a decent place -- I had learned my lessons well from my growing experience as a carpenter.

Despite living on the land, I rarely saw her. Just once every other week when I walked up to deliver some food, as promised. She seemed to prefer it that way.

Winter was usually a time of relaxation. A time to play games, or work on things that you could do while staying indoors, like basket weaving or making clothing. I, however, chose to use winter to get more work done. Instead of sitting inside playing Hnefatafl for hours on end, I was pushing back the forest with the intent of clearing another acre of farmland. I was hoping to triple the size of the farm for next year.

That would show Jarl Horrik what kind of man I was and that I could provide a worthy life for his daughter.

It was harsh work. The trees needed to be felled, but the real difficult part was pulling up the stumps. The cold made the ground hard and difficult to work with, which made pulling up the entire root system a vastly more difficult task than it needed to be. It needed to be done, though. Having a forest was nice, but farmland was better. Plus, it wasn't like I would be deforesting everything, so it shouldn't impact the wildlife too much.

Which is how I found myself, a rope around my waist, the other end around a stump as I pulled with all of my strength. Veins bulged in my arms, my feet dug into the snow-covered dirt, all the while more snow fell from the dark sky above. My shirt was on a nearby branch, leaving me exposed to the bitter chill in the air. I was working up a sweat, and I didn't want to soak my shirt then have to wear it. I would get sick.

Gritting my teeth, I pulled at the rope, my calloused hands red and raw, feeling like the flesh was about to be stripped from them as I gripped down with white knuckles. The stump, ever so slowly, began to rise up. Barely more than an inch, but it was enough to get me started. Stopping for a bit, I went to the stump and began ripping up roots with my bare hands to lessen the grip of the tree, then I picked up the rope. Pulling even harder, I heard the cold dirt start to give way to me, the roots losing their grip on the land.

I was stronger now. At first, I had needed a workhorse to help me pull up the stumps. Now, in the middle of winter, I could pull them up myself. The daily exercises that I did remained the same, but the physical aspect of my Martial stat just kept going up the more I pushed myself. There was meant to be a limit for a man. A point where it just wasn't possible to improve any further, regardless of effort or desire.

That limit didn't apply to me. Or, at least, it was much further up than it would be for a normal man. Whenever I hit my limit, I would rest and let my body recover, then the next day I could go just a little further. Most of the time it wasn't even noticeable, and only revealed itself months later when I was doing the work of a workhorse because it was faster to do it myself. And I liked Agro. I'd much rather him stay nice and warm in the barn than be out in the cold with me.

"Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you…!" I cursed under my breath, taking a step back as the roots began to give way in full force. The main ones were trouble, but it was the branches on those roots that made it so tough to get out. Once you got the ball rolling, you just had to keep pulling until the entire stump came up. As if to prove that point, the stump seemed to finally let go of the ground, making me land on my ass as it ripped free. I gulped down air, my breath coming out as fog.

Pushing my hair out of my face, and brushing the snow off of my ass, I began pulling the stump to where I had put the others. There were dozens of them at this point, the trunks were laid out and stacked after being stripped of branches. Most of it, I would sell as timber, but I would keep some for my projects. The stumps would be hacked up and turned into firewood or whatever else I could use them for.

It was slow going, but it was going. I would spread the fertilizer into the ripped-up holes that the stumps left behind to enrich the earth in preparation for the first harvest in spring. Things were progressing well enough. We were on track to have a good year.

Heading back to the treeline that got further away by the day, I grabbed my axe and began slamming it into the side of the trunk of another tree. After so many months, I don't think I could sleep even if I wanted to unless I was utterly exhausted. One more tree and I would turn in. The air was filled with the sound of my axe hitting wood, the edge had dulled a bit, but with enough raw strength, it didn't matter much. Winter was always a quiet season as the animals hid in their lairs, waiting for spring to come.

Except for those that survived on the animals that hid themselves away.

A twig snapped in the underbrush, making me pause my swing a second before it hit the tree, my head turning in the direction of the sound. I was expecting to see one of my brothers, come by to tell me to turn in. Or maybe Morrigan, if she wanted something.

What I wasn't expecting to see was a massive wolf. Its eyes shone in the darkness, the rest of its body almost hidden in the dense shadows because of its pitch black fur, the light streaming through the bare branches of the trees above offered enough visibility to let me see its shape. And what I saw was the outline of a huge black wolf skulking forward, its body dense with muscle. There was a shine from other eyes in the distance, all of them a head lower than the lead wolf that I spotted.

Then it threw back its head and let out a loud howl and the forest came alive.

I was completely surrounded.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, hepustepus and 1,300 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 24, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Temptation
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 31, 2022
Add bookmark
#612
I realized my mistake too late. After defending my home, then the raid… the amount of praise I had gotten went straight to my head and I hadn't realized it. Everyone proclaimed me as a great warrior unlike any other, to the point I had been so distinguished that I got fifty acres worth of land. I had become so strong that I could mold the earth with my sheer, raw physical power…

My mistake was thinking that because I was a great killer of men, that meant I could kill anything. I had believed what people said about me -- that I was blessed and chosen by the gods. That I could not fall in battle. That I could kill any enemy before me, no matter how many. I had become overconfident.

The black wolf was a stark point with a pelt as black as Fenrir. I had no doubt that it was sent by the Allfather to remind me that I was not a god. I was just a man. A young one. And I could die like one.

The wolves howled and Fast Counter told me that there were at least ten other wolves around me. My keen hearing picked up the sound of the pack descending on my position through the snow and underbrush, coming from all directions. However, my focus was on the large one. It hung back, looking at me as it took a step forward, entering a ray of light cast from the moon above. Its coat was pitch black, so dark that it seemed to absorb the light cast on it. The wolf hung back, letting its pack do the leg work, watching me as if it could see into my soul.

I gripped my axe tightly, taking in a bracing cold breath and letting it out as a cloud of fog. I heard a snarl behind me, and the battle began. I pivoted, lashing out with my axe and catching the wolf in the neck, and as soon as it fell another three descended upon me. Two flanked out at my sides, nipping at my heels and harrying me while the third lunged for me. The moment I attacked it, the other two made their attacks. Unlike men, a pack of wolves worked together almost seamlessly. I felt fangs bite into my thigh while I killed the wolf that had gone for my throat, and another beside it with the same swing.

Snarling in pain, I slammed the butt of the axe into the top of its skull, shattering it with a Power Attack. Only to feel another wolf slam into me from the back, teeth biting into my shoulder while it shook its head, sharp fangs tearing deeper into me. Reaching up, I grabbed it by the scruff of its neck before ripping it off of me, slamming it into the ground before burying my axe into its exposed belly.

Seconds was all it took. A real life and death struggle was decided in a moment. Five wolves were dead, and my leg and shoulder were already injured. I felt hot blood flow over my skin, dripping down my chest and back. I took in another deep breath and let it out, shifting to take the weight from my injured leg. I turned my gaze to the largest wolf as the remaining half of its pack inched forward, snarling and biting at air to draw my attention, or lunging forward, only to retreat a half-second later.

The black wolf walked forward, striding towards me. It was then that I noticed that I could actually see its muscles ripple underneath his black coat. Its head was low, face twisted into a snarl as its eyes peered at me. I hunched low, readying myself for what was about to happen next. I took in a third breath, and it saved me, I realized a second later when the wolf lunged for me. I swung at it, and for the first time in years, I missed, the swing dodged. A gap formed in my guard and the wolf seized it, lunging for my throat as it tackled me.

We both hit the ground, but I only felt the intense pressure around my neck like a hot vice. I reacted on instinct, grabbing the wolf by the head, preventing it from throwing its head back and ripping my throat out while I reach back and swung blindly at the wolf's head with my axe.

I swung twice. The first was a bad swing, the axehead striking at a bad angle and scraping off the wolf's thick coat, but once I knew where it was I adjusted my grip, and as the giant beast drove me into the snow covered dirt, fighting my grip in its bid to tear out my throat, the second strike landed dead on. The edge buried itself into the wolf's head, making the wolf whimper before clamping down harder.

Hitting it again did the trick, and I felt the pressure around my throat lessen significantly as the wolf tried to flee. I let it, practically shoving my now free hand into its mouth to make sure that it couldn't change its mind and try to finish the job. It leaped off of me as if it had been burned, retreating back as I scrambled to my feet, a hand on my neck to stifle the blood seeping out of me. Given that I wasn't dead, it couldn't have punctured my carotid artery. But, it felt like my neck was bleeding a lot.

Blood dyed the snow red, both from me and the wolf. It looked at me, blood drenching its fur as I saw I had struck it right over one of its golden eyes. It snarled at me, and I snarled right back, shifting my weight for another attack. The other wolves snapped their jaws at me, making me swallow thickly…

Only for the black wolf to turn away. There was no other sign or cue, but the wolf simply turned tail and ran, prompting the others to chase after it. I leaned heavily on my axe, peering into the darkness while trying to hear where they were going to see if this was some kind of trick. However, after a few seconds, it became clear I didn't have the time to stand around. I felt blood dripping down my forearm and body, while my pants felt soaked.

Swallowing thickly, I made a snap decision. It was further away, but no one at the farmstead knew anything about medicine. A cut was seared closed, or filled with dirt to slow the bleeding. Given the shape I was in, that would be just as likely to kill me. Instead, I turned to Morrigan's cottage and began to walk. Pain flashed in my leg with each step, but I was used to pain. It was something you had to live with in this time. Just like I was used to pushing to my limits.

My trail was marked with footprints in the thickening snow that were dyed red. I couldn't tell how much blood I was losing, but I was starting to go light-headed. I ignored that and soldiered on, spotting a flickering flame that I hoped wasn't the light everyone said not to walk towards amidst the trees. I let out a long, ragged breath as I pressed on, my feet carrying me down a familiar path, one that I had made, until I saw the cottage I built. It was on the small side, with a sloped roof, and a fenced area for a small garden, but overall solidly built.

I stumbled a bit when I reached the cottage, my fist banging on the door. There was a quick reply on the other side, "Go away, fool-" I heard before the door was opened. Morrigan was dressed in warm furs, her face twisted into an expression of annoyance. When she got a look at me, it quickly changed to one of surprise, then of concern.

I managed a feeble smile, "Sorry for the inconvenience," I said, my legs starting to go out as my vision began to fade. The last thing I saw was the rapidly approaching floor, but if I hit it or if Morrigan caught me was anyone's guess.

…

Awareness returned to me slowly, ebbing and flowing like the tide. There were times when I heard people talking, but I could never quite make out the words. Then I would be pulled back into the realm of unconsciousness for a time until one time I simply opened my eyes.

I felt something wrapped around my throat and my skin felt sticky. My throat felt worse though, like my tongue was a sponge that had soaked up every trace of moisture in my mouth. I was laying on a bed and I heard the crackling of a fire. Looking over, I felt a flash of pain in the muscles in my neck, making me abort the action. Opening my eyes, I looked through the corner of my eyes to see the hearth.

Morrigan was standing before a black cauldron, tossing in a bundle of herbs. Off to the side, surprisingly, was Havi. His arms were crossed, and he was leaning against the wall, intently watching Morrigan as she worked. He glanced at me and-

"Siegfried! You're awake!" he exclaimed, rushing to my side. He looked me over, wide-eyed. "What happened?"

I gathered spit to speak but Morrigan brushed past Havi, "Move, you lackwit. He needs water," she said, offering me a cup. I eyed it for a moment, earning a smirk from her. "Melted snow," she offered, knowing my issue. I took a sip and felt immediate relief, like a fire inside me was being doused with water.

"Wolves," I answered, my voice more of a croak.

Havi nodded, "We found the bodies."

"Big one. Very big. Nearly got me," I said, testing my body. My shoulder felt stiff and so did my leg. "How long…?"

"You've been asleep for a day. In my bed," Morrigan replied, sounding thoroughly annoyed with me. But not so annoyed that she made me sleep on the floor. "You stumbled through my door half dead. You would be if not for me. That is twice I've saved your life."

I grunted, "Owe you."

Havi looked sheepish and Morrigan rounded on him, shooting him a scathing look, "See, you imbecile? I have done nothing to your brother except aid him. Accuse me of bewitching anyone again, and you'll find yourself cursed," she snapped at him, making his blood drain from his face.

I grunted again, "Morrigan wouldn't do anything like that," I said, forcing the words out, taking the heat off of Havi before he could flee for the hills. "Everyone okay?"

Havi nodded, "We were all fine, and so were the animals. The wolves were skinned and we gained a bit of meat for the winter. Tormond is working with the thralls to continue tearing up trees… how are you feeling Siegfried? I'm not used to seeing you cooped up in a bed."

To that, I looked to Morrigan to see that her lips had thinned. "You will bear some scars, but 'tis too soon to tell how much they will impact your ability to move. To heal, you have to want to heal. My herbs and prayers can only do so much."

"We'll sacrifice a goat to the gods to aid your recovery," Havi said, and I nodded. The loss of a goat would be painful -- the milk could be turned into cheese, which was perfect for winter, but a sacrifice must be given and I would not insult the gods by giving them a poor one.

"The wolf… it was sent by the gods. It had to be. It was twice the size of the others and black as Fenrir," I said, taking another sip of the water as I began to shift myself back until I was in a sitting position. "The gods wanted to remind me that I'm not invincible," I said, taking in a deep breath. "They did a good job of it too," I admitted. With humans, fighting was messy and uncoordinated. When you were in the thick of them, they stumbled over each other and that was half the battle. Simply because humans didn't want to die.

When you were in their face, screaming and covered in blood, for most, their reaction was try to get away rather than bring me down, or to lash out blindly. They fought to survive, not to kill the enemy. Wolves fought like a unit. All of them aided in taking me down by either acting as distractions or engaging in joint attacks. And that black wolf…

That wolf… something hadn't been right about it. Not at all. How it acted wasn't natural. What could it have been other than a sign from the gods? A test from Odin or Thor to prove myself to them, and to remind me that I was only a man? I was thankful for it. The scars would be a reminder of that fact that I would never forget, ensuring that I wouldn't die from making the same foolish mistake again.

"The gods didn't need to send a pack of wolves at you. They could have just watched any of the times we smacked the stuffing out of you," Havi said, his shoulders drooping with relief, a tension leaving him now that he saw that I was alright. Morrigan, however, was less so.

"Be off with you," she said, shooing him away. "He needs rest and he won't get it with you wringing your hands and hovering over him." Havi looked to me, and I offered a small nod, feeling a flash of pain in retribution. I did need rest and I had a question that I didn't want to ask in front of the others.

"I'll be back on my feet in no time. Tell the others not to worry," I told him, and Havi spared one last look at Morrigan before heading out. The door closed and I let out a sigh, my lips thinning from the pain. Morrigan looked at me, and I searched her eyes for a moment. "Sorry about them. They don't… get it." I offered, making a brief expression of surprise flicker across her face before she let out a dismissive scoff.

"As if I care about the words of empty-headed fools," she dismissed the idea entirely. "As for you, perhaps you should consider midnight as a good time to not be outdoors. Many animals go hungry during winter. You might as well baste yourself in honey and roast yourself over an open fire." she chided as she took a seat next to me, her hands roughly pinching my chin and tilting my head to check the bandages on my neck.

She made a sound of approval. "The bleeding has stopped, so no veins were torn or punctured. One could call it the favor of the gods, but I suspect it's something quite different. I've watched you unearth tree stumps on your own. The reason your injuries are so light is that your muscles are denser than normal," she spoke her theory, giving me an odd look.

She sounded suspicious. Oakskin was a boon I had used more than I thought I ever would. It had likely saved my life as much as Morrigan had. I didn't dare to confirm or deny anything -- the Wise Woman had known when I was lying, and I didn't know if Morrigan possessed that same magic. "How long until I'm back at it?" I asked her, making Morrigan frown in thought.

"For the flesh to mend? A week. Perhaps two- Shall I bind you to the bed?" She questioned, sounding unimpressed with my sour look when I heard that. "Do what everyone else with slaves does and leave the work to them, you fool." I frowned deeply at that as I sank into the bed.

"They'll catch their death out there," I muttered unhappily. Two weeks? That might as well be forever. I was on track to clearing the acre and setting things up for Spring… that damned wolf. I almost hoped that it was still in the area so I could kill it and wear its pelt like a fucking cloak for being such a pain in the ass.

Morrigan rolled her eyes so hard there was an honest risk of them rolling right out her head. "Then purchase more," she pointed out, as if it were obvious.

"Slaves don't stop being people just because they become slaves," I refuted, and the look I got from Morrigan told me that she didn't see the difference. Or, if she did, she didn't care. For a healer, she didn't seem to value life too much. Which drove home the fact that she probably would have left me bleed out if I hadn't been me. "I don't have any free money. It's all tied into the farm. We need a good year," I sighed, making Morrigan's lips thin when she heard that.

A sigh heaved out of her, and I could tell she was making a show of it. "In that case, I would not be averse to making sure your property doesn't die when they inevitably find creative ways to get themselves killed," she offered, not sounding happy about it.

"How generous of you," I remarked lightly, still not liking it. I didn't mind hard work myself. I was uniquely suited for it, not to mention the quest rewards. For the thralls, it would just be hard labor for the sake of hard labor. They wouldn't reap the benefits as the farm prospered.

Hard work should be rewarded.

"My generosity knows no bounds," Morrigan responded, pushing up the blanket to reveal my leg. She checked the bandage that she had put on, peeling it back to reveal… honey. The rent flesh was sewn together with thick twine, with honey slathered over it, but on the other side of the bandage was a fish skin. She saw me eyeing it and explained, "The honey is for infections and the fish skin is for its oils. It'll help with the scarring so the flesh doesn't become tight and brittle. However, as I said, actual recovery will rely on you. If you want full range of motion, you'll have to want full range." she stressed, reapplying the bandage.

The gods help those that help themselves. "You're a good healer," I remarked, earning a small scoff from Morrigan, though I did note that she appeared pleased with the compliment.

"'Tis because of my mother," Morrigan answered with a small shrug.

"How is she? Won't she be lonely without you?" I asked her as she did the same to my other wound, leaning over me as she inspected my shoulder. It was much cleaner in terms of the injuries being straight lines.

Morrigan made a tsking sound, "I doubt it. She will simply take in another daughter whenever one wanders by," she answered, her tone uncaring. There was no affection in her tone in the slightest. "That hovel would have been my home forever if she had her way. 'Tis our way, she said. I have no interest in some meager existence brewing love potions for empty-headed girls or telling men what they have to do to make the burning sensation when they piss go away."

Huh. "Or convincing parents that their son isn't possessed by a foul spirit," I said, earning a small breath of amusement.

"I'm not entirely certain that you aren't, but I care not," Morrigan admitted. "It makes no difference to me. Our fates are bound together. T'would only make sense to ensure you don't get yourself killed. To that end, your secrets are mine to keep and your interests my own." she informed me, standing up and towering over me. Her golden eyes regarded me with something akin to softness, but were still guarded. "At least until you prove yourself unworthy of my aid."

I settled into the bed, allowing myself to rest, "Then I won't ever prove unworthy."

…

It took a week for my wounds to close and my flesh to mend, but with the stitches I had, it was another three days before I could take off the bandages. I was up before then as the pain lessened significantly. I couldn't actually do anything though because I would pull my stitches. During that time, I amused myself with Morrigan, much to her chagrin. Boredom was a real mind-killer, so I had to do something.

First, it was a few hundred games of hnefatafl. Then we quickly moved on to riddles, which I did terribly at. After that, she started to show me herbs and mushrooms, labeling them and telling me what they did. She wasn't eager to share her knowledge, I'm guessing because she saw it as what gave her value to me, but I learned a decent bit.

My brothers continued the work that I had started, and over the course of a week and a half they cleared most of the acre of land. A few dozen trees had been felled, their branches stripped. I took up whittling to help boost my crafting exp. Morrigan often remarked that I wasn't happy unless I was doing something, and it had never been so clear to me until it had been pointed out.

For thirteen years, my life revolved around increasing my stats. To always be doing something that would grant me exp. From picking fights with my brothers, to making traps, to doing chores. I was always doing something. Everyone else treated winter as a time to relax, almost, but I wouldn't be satisfied until I filled every hour of every day with some productive task.

And once I was cleared, I returned to the daily grind with renewed vigor. The rest of the trees in the area were cut down, the stumps were pulled up, and the new farmland was prepped for spring. The sheer amount of shit I drove into the earth was of epic proportions. With that done, I turned my attention to the huge surplus of wood that I had. I couldn't turn it all into firewood, and even whittling didn't make a dent into the dozens of trees I had stacked up.

So, I set about upgrading my homestead. A larger pen for the animals. A high fence around my farmland to keep out the wolves -- the ones that attacked me hadn't returned, but I didn't want to make it easy for them if they did. A wood floor was added to Morrigan's cottage and a stone path laid out to it, much to her annoyance. The rest, I stripped of its bark and began to turn it into planks for easy selling in Alabu.

My body healed as the days turned into weeks. I had a nasty scar on my shoulder, but the worst one was on my neck. Havi and Tormond had taken to calling me Wolf-Kissed because of it. In no time at all, the weakness I had felt after not doing anything for a week and a half was replaced by new strength as I fully recovered. It was slow going at first, but I got there. Soon, I was proving that I was better than ever.

By the time the snow stopped falling and there was the first break of winter, I had reached new milestones in Stewardship, Learning, and Martial.

Blacksmithing hadn't seen much use on account that the equipment needed for it was expensive, but it had been a prerequisite. For Crafting, my options were Early Scandinavian Shipbuilding, Basic Farming, and Basic Construction. The first was self-explanatory, but the latter two were less so. Farming would allow me to create primitive machines to help with the farm -- the seed drill was the teaser of the description, which I hoped would aid in the speed of seeding the fields. Construction would teach me more advanced construction techniques, like insulation, or teach me how to make a stable second floor.

The depth of Odin's knowledge was beyond anything I could have imagined. Not only was longship construction a highly valued secret between masters and apprentices, but the word Early implied there were greater versions. From the future. If Basic Farming and Construction could completely change how the farm worked then what would advanced Farming and Construction look like? I couldn't even picture it in my head.

I settled on Farming. Shipbuilding seemed more exciting, but there really wasn't a need. In the end, Jarl Horrik had perfectly serviceable ships to use. If they got sunk or were damaged, that would change. For now, it would be a waste. Construction was a better pick, but given that I had a large farm and I wasn't a builder by trade, it made sense to pick Farming over it.

For the second time, I got a Natural Knowledge milestone. I had mastered Germanic, speaking it fluently as if I had been born learning it. Because of it, I had a choice between three perks -- Alchemist, which was a leftover, Navigation, and Emergency Aid. Alchemist would allow me to distill chemicals, allowing me to eventually make stuff like tonics. Emergency Aid was self-explanatory. Navigation would teach me methods of navigating land and sea to a high degree.

Given the attack, my choice had been Emergency Aid for obvious reasons. Some of the knowledge given was mysterious -- I didn't understand why boiling a knife before using it to cut out an arrowhead stuck inside someone would lower the chance of an infection… but who was I to question the wisdom of the gods? It might not just save my life, but the lives of others. However, with my extra Learning perk for reaching the stat five milestone, I chose Navigation. It would be incredibly important going forward.

Property Management in Stewardship reached its first milestone, giving me a choice between Earth Wealth or Ore Wealth. Both were a map of my property, all fifty acres, which would show me where the fertile ground was or where there would be some kind of mineral vein like iron or possibly something more valuable like silver or gold.

Mining was dangerous -- the dwarves that toiled below mountains guarded their wealth jealousy. If I found a good source of ore, whatever it might be, I would have to go to the Jarl and request that he negotiate with the dwarves on my behalf, as did everyone when precious metals or stones were found. Depending on the deal that Jarl Horrik struck with the dwarves, it might be in his best interest to seize the farm from me.

I didn't want to give him any reason to do that, so Earth Wealth was my pick, because I was a farmer first and foremost.

Lastly was Martial. I gained another Physical Condition perk. Keen Eyes was a holdover, while the two new perks were Fast Healer and Light Sleeper. The former would make it so I would only need half of the time to recover from a wound and the latter would make it so I only needed four hours of sleep a night. Light Sleeper was very tempting, if only because it would open up more hours for me to work. However, Fast Healer was my choice. It was more circumstantial and required me getting hurt in the first place, but I couldn't bring myself to pick anything else after being laid up in bed for a week and a half.

With my new perks, I continued my work into the last days of winter. I created the seed drill in preparations for spring. I made a crank with metal bristles to straighten wool gathered from the sheep. Among other things to help with the daily tasks.

Then, one day, I realized I had worked through the winter because the green of the land began to reveal itself. Spring had returned, and with it even more work.

Agro, my workhorse, helped till the fields at speeds that couldn't be accomplished by men. The seed drill also sped things up considerably since we didn't have to do things by hand. The animals were allowed out of their pen to graze the land since there was a larger fence up around the property. The first crop of barley was planted, as were turnips, onions, rye, and cabbage. The oats were still growing in the earth, having slumbered, but the winter rye was quickly harvested and planted. Even with the extra acre, we were done days ahead of schedule.

My wagon was filling up with various goods -- things I had carved, wood planks, foodstuffs, things that the thralls and my brothers made to pass the time, and various pelts of things we had hunted over winter. In all, it was a very good first haul for the farm as I prepared to head out to Alabu early for the Sigurblót. My first one. I was hoping to get to the markets early so I would have more time to sell my wares.

All that was left was one thing, "Do you want to be free?" I asked the thralls on the farm, speaking Germanic at them as my brothers continued to load up the wagon. My question seemed to catch them off guard because they froze, looking at me with wide eyes. "I took you all as my slaves because I needed help breaking in the farm. Now that it's broken in, there's no reason you need to remain slaves."

"Are you forcing us to leave?" The leader of the bunch asked, his name Ebba. There was a note of worry in his tone, and some tension eased out of him when I shook my head.

"No, you're all more than welcome to stay as free men and women. But, if you want to move on, I can give you a ride to Alabu. And perhaps some rations if you want to try to make it to your homeland." I said, taking a sack full of grain and putting it on a cart that was rapidly getting heavier. There wouldn't be enough room for the entire load. "I was just asking because I don't want to keep you as slaves now that I don't need to."

Ebba looked around the farm, at the fields that had seeds planted, at the farm animals wandering about, then at the others I had posed the question to. It was Luitgard, the only female thrall I had taken, who spoke up. "I can't speak for the others, but if it is our choice, then I would like to stay. With you speaking our tongue, it's not so different from home. I don't mind it." There were a few nods around, showing that they felt the same.

I looked to Ebba, who nodded. "I think we will stay. For now, at least," he amended, admitting that at some point, he at least would move on. Which he was free to do.

I offered a smile as I took a seat on the wagon, the old wood groaning under my weight. "Then, as your master, I grant you all freedom. Take care of the farm while I'm at the Sigurblót," I told them, speaking to them just as much as I was my older brother, Tormond, who would be staying behind to look after the farm.

"Take care of yourself, little brother. Farm life doesn't agree with me as much as it does you," he said, reaching out an arm, and I clasped his forearm.

"Dirt washes off easier than blood," I said, giving him a nod while I looked to Havi and Kirk, to see that they were ready. "Keep an eye on the treeline," I warned him, knowing that my farmstead could be attacked just as easily as my parent's farm was. I hadn't seen Kalf yet, but if he was the one that was behind the attack, then I couldn't imagine that he was enthused with the arrangement.

To prove the point, I looked to the treeline to see Morrigan watching us leave. I offered her a small nod of my head to see what I thought was a fleeting smile… but it didn't matter.

Because we were set off to Alabu. To trade. To make connections…

And to see where we would next raid.

...

This is going to be more or less Sieg's approach to slavery -- basically, he'll enslave you for a job and once it's done, you're free to go. So, think of it as a forced internship.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,302 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 31, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Changing Winds
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 14, 2022
Add bookmark
#693
Despite my hopes, I found Alabu in full swing as we entered the city. Not as much as it had been when I first visited, but it still felt like there were twice as many people in the city as it was meant to house. People eyed me with some interest, given that I towered over them thanks to the wagon and horse. My destination was the longhouse, to speak to the Jarl -- he was the one that would give me permission to set up a stall in the marketplace, and he was the one that could buy my excess foodstuff. If he didn't want it for whatever reason, then I could look to trading with merchants for it.

One downside was the fact that I wouldn't get to actually keep the money I made from the transactions. Every ounce of it would go to the Jarl towards my bride price for his daughter. As it would for another two or three years until she became a woman in the eyes of men. In hindsight, it was a pretty raw deal that I was getting. It forced me to rely on raiding to subsidize my income since the farm, technically speaking, wasn't actually giving me anything.

But, it was still worth doing. The hard work would pay for itself when I did start making money from the farm in a few years.

"Keep an eye out for father, yeah?" Kirk told me as I hopped off the wagon, my wolf pelt cloak falling around my shoulders, nearly dipping into the mud. Every thaw, it happened -- the melting snow turned all the dirt into thick and sticky mud. I didn't know how people could stand to have their cloaks brushing the ground -- sure, it looked a bit better, but it was in no way worth dealing with a pound of mud caking itself on the bottom.

"You too. Might take them a few days, though," I said, giving my brothers a nod before leaving them behind. Walking towards the longhouse, I saw that a crowd had already formed within. I reached the back of the crowd and started to push through, but I heard the familiar voice of Jarl Horrik booming out within the large longhouse before I got very far.

"I've heard enough -- both men were seen drinking together beforehand, and Birger was seen cheating. This was no murder," he said, much to the relief of the crowd, but I did hear some grumbling as I pushed forward. "That being said, you fled the scene of the crime instead of staying with the body and stating your intentions-"

"I feared for my life, Jarl Horrik!" A man protested, and I pushed through to the front of the crowd just in time to see Jarl Horrik frowning deeply at the man.

"As I was saying, this cannot stand. We have our ways for a reason. If you feared reprisal, I would understand, but we had to drag you here kicking and screaming like a little girl instead of coming to us to explain what happened like a man. For this reason, you will be beaten by the city of Alabu. All shall participate, without exception." he said, sounding thoroughly annoyed, and the cheer of approval didn't quite mask the man's sound of despair.

That might as well be a death sentence. The city was overfull. I hadn't ever seen the punishment take place, but the sentenced would be forced to wade his way through a tunnel of people, all of which were punching, kicking, and throwing rotten food and rocks at him every step of the way.

The man was led away and Jarl Horrik gestured for another person to come forward. A large man. "You have a message from King Sigfred. Is there a reason you chose to wait for the Sigurblót to state what the message is?" he asked, sounding thoroughly unhappy. To the point that it sounded like he would rather not let the man speak at all, but killing a messenger was enough to start wars.

"Aye, Jarl Horrik. I am here to speak of the Franks and their King, Charlemagne," the man spoke, and Jarl Horrik's frown deepened until it was an outright scowl. "To the South, King Widukind has returned to Saxony and the Saxon Earls have rebelled. King Sigfred has promised to send his armies to aid the Saxons in rebuffing the Franks and their god." His voice boomed out in the longhouse, speaking to us just as much as he was to Jarl Horrik.

He nodded at the man on the throne, "King Sigfred has long since respected your independence, Jarl Horrik. Which is why he asks that you join him. The Franks are rich with plunder! The women are soft and the Franks are weak-"

"If that were true, your king wouldn't be asking for my help. For that matter, the only reason he respects my independence is because he knows he can't take it from me. My warriors are stronger and braver! They more than make up the difference in numbers if it came to battle!" he said and the crowd cheered in response to the aggrandizing.

It seemed that his independence was a long-standing issue between Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred. Jarl Horrik controlled a large swath of land, and had enough men loyal to him that the King was hesitant to declare war for it. As for why Jarl Horrik wasn't King Horrik, it came down to the fact that he didn't have other Jarls sworn to him. King Sigfred did.

The diplomat didn't miss a beat, "That is why King Sigfred wants you to sail with us. To fight with us! Together, we can't lose!" he said, shouting the last sentence, and the crowd cheered just as fiercely as they did for Jarl Horrik. Something that didn't seem lost on him. "Our warriors will push back the Franks and their weak god. Honor, Glory, and Wealth will be ours!"

It was a battle of wills, in a way. And so far, the crowd was eating up the diplomat's words. Everyone liked being praised. They liked the idea of being the strongest, smartest, and fastest and, even more so, they enjoyed the idea that others thought the same thing.

But it wasn't a decision to make so lightly. I was ignorant of the history between Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred, so I couldn't say what was going on there. What I did know was that going to war was different than going to raid. In the thousand something population of Alabu, on the last raid, there had been fifty warriors in total that had gone. Barely a drop in the population.

Going to war meant a much larger mobilization. Hundreds of warriors. A fleet of ships. Food to feed them. And we would be gone for a much longer period of time -- weeks or months instead of a few days. I'm not sure what kind of armies the Franks could field, but I'm guessing the answer was bigger than ours since Saxony was said to be very large.

"You speak well, Thegn Ubbe. You have given me much to consider. Whatever my decision will be, take heart that it will be made with a great deal of deliberation," Jarl Horrik said, buying himself time to think. Thegn Ubbe offered a small nod, knowing that his opening had closed. He turned and started walking to the door, sparing me and others a glance as he continued on. Though, his eyes lingered on me a moment longer than the rest of the crowd when he saw my neck, but he said nothing and left the building.

"And for today, that will be all. I will decide where our course will take us after speaking to the gods. If you have any outstanding issues, then consult the Law-giver," Jarl Horrik said, making a dismissive gesture. I started to follow the leaving crowd, but Jarl Horrik stopped me with a gesture to approach him, having spotted me among them. He leaned forward in his throne, one of his wives next to him. "Looks like you had an eventful winter, Siegfried."

I offered a half-smile, "More than most. Got kissed by a few wolves," I said, showing off the scar on my neck.

"I've seen plenty of bite wounds, but I've never seen a wolf bite of that size," his wife Oydis noted, and I stopped exposing my neck.

"It wasn't a normal wolf. It was twice the size of the biggest one in its pack," I said with a gesture to the white and gray pelt I wore over my shoulders. "I took its eye but it got away."

Jarl Horrik made a sound amusement, "It must have been a fearsome beast then, Wolf-Kissed." I don't think he fully believed me. Or, at least, he thought I was exaggerating.

"It was. I searched for it during the winter, but there wasn't anything to find. But, if anyone ever comes to you about a large black wolf that's missing an eye, then let me know. I intend to return the kiss it gave me," I said, making the two crack a smile despite the tension lingering in the room. "Beyond that, winter was productive. I have twenty-five bushels of barley, fifty of turnips and onions, ten of garlic. I have timber to sell, whole planks, baskets, woodcarvings, and pelts too."

As I spoke, I saw the fleeting amusement vanish in Jarl Horrik's face, replaced with a deadly seriousness. "The last owner of the farm gave me half that when he still paid his dues. And you don't look like you've been starving yourself," he noted, eying me up and down.

"The next harvest should be larger. The hard part of breaking in the farm is over. It's a plentiful plot of land," I said, and that got a small laugh from Jarl Horrik.

"Apparently so. Do you have it all now?" he asked, standing up. "And where's the rest of the farmers? I doubt that Kalf would be so eager to let you represent the village of Leira," he said, and I felt like I was missing something.

I looked between him and his wife for a moment. "...I… was supposed to come with other people?" I questioned, and rather than being mad, the Jarl's wife laughed lightly at that.

"Aye, you were. Your farmstead is a part of the Leira village," Jarl Horrik stated.

"... It is?" I said, wondering when exactly this was supposed to be explained to me, because it wasn't. As far as I knew, I was on my own.

That got a snort of laughter, "Indeed, it is. Next time, go to the village. From there, all of the foodstuffs that you make will be gathered together, and the village will send a group to sell the excess. That way, the village is getting the same deal without accusations of being cheated because one found a better buyer than others. As for personal items, those can be sold freely." Then he gave me an even look, "You're young, but you are a man now. Such mistakes can happen only once. If it happens again, you would be an outcast in the city and your village."

I offered a nod, filing the information away for later. Being an outcast to the village really didn't mean much to me. I haven't seen it or met anyone from it. The city was another story, though. So, I had to play nice, "It won't happen again," I said. I hadn't thought of it like that. I hadn't really thought of myself as any part of a community.

Jarl Horrik leaned in, "It seems you have an enemy in Kalf. He's the one that should have informed you and welcomed you to the village," he said, tossing me a wink. And it was only now that I realized I had been set up to look like a fool. I wasn't angry. More… disappointed in myself for falling for it.

That was a lie. I was also really pissed off.

"I see," I responded tensely, idly wondering if I could challenge the man to a duel and cut his head off. The offense wasn't quite grievous enough to draw a square over, especially if it was an honest mistake. It wasn't, but I doubted that would stop Kalf from saying as much. While the gods would give their verdict by whoever left the square, that wouldn't stop mortal men from wagging their tongues about the duel.

Killing him was a completely valid response. I would just have to go through the proper ways, as stated by the Jarl and gods.

"Good. I'll take your word that you have all the bushels in full weight and purchase them from you at a fair price… but considering that timber just became a lot more valuable I'll give you a good price for the planks you have," Jarl Horrik said, not mentioning the amount of weight of my payment. There wasn't a point, really. He was paying himself, essentially. The fruits of my labor might as well be free.

"Thank you, Jarl Horrik," I said, accepting the price he gave with a nod. Father said that one of the most basic principles of negotiation was being able to tell the other side to kiss your ass. If you couldn't do that, then you were in no position to try to negotiate. And I certainly wasn't.

"The rest is up to you to sell," he said, catching my attention. "Find good prices for it. How much you keep of the profits and how much goes to my daughter's bride price, I will let you decide." he said, and I felt the test he was throwing my way. Was he trying to see how good of a deal I could make? Or see how much I was willing to pocket over paying towards the bride price?

"I suggest you make your bargains quickly, Siegfried. Time will be short in the coming days," he told me, leveling a serious look at me, the implications clear. I hesitated for a brief moment before I nodded, telling him that I understood.

…

In Alabu, the thaw was celebrated in a number of ways. As often as people were selling their wares, they were drinking and catching up with those they hadn't seen in months or years. Family greeted family, old friends caught up, and so on and so on. Given that the rest of my family wasn't in the city, and I didn't see anyone from Ivarstead, I turned my attention to the competitions.

Combat was the way to be honored by the gods, but the competitions were the way to earn honor in the eyes of men. Throughout the city were various games and competitions -- riddles, which I avoided as I did the poetry, but also far more physical tasks that I leaned towards. Games of tug of war, wrestling, stone throwing, and stone lifting. It was the latter that I found myself entering.

Before me were rounded stones of various sides and weights. Before the stones themselves were old rounded platforms that stood at various heights. The stones ranged from the size of a man's head to the size of a man's head, chest, and shoulders. There were a dozen stones that we would have to lift as fast as we could, setting them upon the wood platform, competing against another dozen men that were also trying to come first.

There was cheering going up as the barker announced the game. People took bets and I found myself wishing I put money on myself. I would have made a great deal of coin because I was a head and shoulders shorter than everyone else and by far the youngest in the line. "Competitors! On your mark… get set… go!" The barker shouted out, prompting all of us to sprint forward to the first platform.

No one struggled with it. It wasn't that heavy all things considered. The second was heavier by half, but it too went up on the wood pole in the ground with little difficulty. The third was heavier by half of the second, the same for the fourth, fifth, and sixth. At the halfway mark, some of the competitors began to struggle to lift the stone and set it on the pole.

Over the winter, my body adapted to the harsh labor. I was young in years, but I possessed the strength of a man. The biggest issue was my height. Still, while some began to struggle with the sixth stone, I quickly moved on to the seventh, then the eighth, and ninth, much to the surprise of the cheering crowd. The poles grew in height as the stones got heavier and I found the tenth to give me the most difficulty. I had to begin to lift the stones over my head to get them on the platform.

There was a pleasant burn in my arms, chest, and back as I moved on to the eleventh, finding that I had a good lead. One man toppled the ninth, his rock falling and he was disqualified from the race. The only other man working on the tenth was struggling to heft the stone and he was red in the face as he lifted it. I had to lift the eleventh stone overhead, and I just about toppled the pole, but it remained seated, letting me move on to the final stone.

The crowd erupted in cheering when I placed it on the platform and the gods rewarded me with Physical Powess and Prestige. I quickly found myself mobbed as people cheered for me, and I saw that Kirk was giving me a broad smile. "You made me rich, Siegfried!" He shouted, telling me that he hadn't forgotten to bet on me and I shared the smile as I felt hands pat me on the back and shoulders.

"Well done! Well done," I heard someone shout, and I looked over to see it was a man around Tormunds age, so he had seen his twentieth year. Even with a passing glance, it was impossible to not know who he was. If the fine clothing didn't give it away, then it was the very strong resemblance to Jarl Horrik that did. The son of the Jarl offered an arm for me to clasp, and his hand engulfed my forearm when we did. "I am Thorfinn Horrikson. And you are the man marrying my youngest sister. I see the tales about you haven't been exaggerated."

"It's an honor to meet you, Thorffin," I told him, caught by surprise so I defaulted into being polite. I wasn't sure what else I should do. I had fought together with Jarl Horrik and, however vaguely, I knew him. I didn't know his eldest son Thorfinn at all.

"Likewise, Siegfried," He spoke before he looked to another man. A tall, barrel chested man with a gut straining against a vibrant red tunic. His beard was bushy, matching the color of his brown hair. He looked down at me with eyes that were a little too sharp. "I would like to introduce you to a good friend of mine -- This is Kalf," Thorfinn introduced the man and any thought of challenging him to a Holmgang fled my mind the moment I realized this man had been introduced as Thorfinns friend.

"You have Erik's look about you," Kalf remarked, holding out an arm to clasp. I looked at it for a brief second before I did so, squeezing his forearm harder than needed, making his eyes widen a fraction. "You as well. Kirk, I believe?"

Kirk puffed out his chest, "Aye, you presume correctly." He did say it, but it was clear in his tone that he realized who this was. It seemed like I hadn't been the only one that stayed up when our parents discussed the attack on the farm.

"Kalf here is one of the largest freeholders in my father's Jarldom," Thorfinn began, seemingly picking up on the tension that budded between us. Kalf seemed unaffected nor surprised. Thorffin did, though. Did he not know that his friend had tried to kill our family? Should I tell him? It wasn't like I had proof though. I wished father was here. He would know what to do. "And, while my father won't say it, he is impressed with how you turned the farm around after only half a year. So, I thought you and Kalf should meet and discuss… whatever it is that farmers do."

There was an edge in his voice that told me that the request wasn't actually a request. Kalf wanted to know how our farms -- both mine and my fathers -- were producing so much. And after what he did, I'd sooner see him dead than give him that information.

"Ain't nothing too it really," Kirk spoke up, crossing his arms over his chest, narrowing his eyes at Kalf. "We worked the slaves good during the fall and through the winter, we cleared trees for more farmland."

It was evident that Kalf didn't buy that answer, but Thorffin smiled and clapped him on the back. "See? Just as I told you. You just need to buy more slaves," Thorfinn said, offering a small nod at me and Kirk.

"Aye, I suppose so," Kalf allowed, giving both Kirk and I a searching look. The tension between us swelled until we heard a horn blowing. An announcement for another game. "You should go. Compete in the games while you still can," he said and I heard the threat in his voice.

"While we still can?" I asked, my tone sharp, and Kalf did seem a bit flatfooted when I called him out on the ending remark.

"While you're young," Thorfinn said, answering for Kalf. "We you get to his age, its nothing but complaining about bad backs and sleeping funny. Gods be with you, Siegfried. You'll need it because I intend to best you in the tug of war." He said with a laugh, leading Kalf away from us and both me and Kirk watched them go.

We shared a glance and Kirk spoke what I was thinking. "We need to tell father."

…

I spent a few days in the marketplace selling like a mad man. My brothers helped as well. There was a number of wares to push, and some sold better than others. The pelts were sold almost as soon as I displayed them. Winter wasn't so far gone that people forgot the cold. The wood carvings also sold well. The furniture too. The baskets were less of a hit on the account that they were a common item to be found at the market.

With each sale, I gained Stewardship and Diplomacy exp. The large sale of the foodstuffs counted even if I didn't have any silver to show for it, giving me the most exp I had ever gotten at once. I almost gained another perk with it alone. But, two days later, I found my market spot much emptier and my pockets much heavier. Then, with one final sale, I got two perk points.

One for Diplomacy in the Negotiation sub-stat, my first one. I had a choice between Silver Tongue and Tell Spotter. Both were good, allowing me to either avoid putting my foot in my mouth, or spot when someone was lying. Given the circumstances, Tell Spotter was my pick.

And, for Stewardship in Economic Assets, I gained a choice of Assess Value or Distort Value. The former made me instinctively know what an item was worth upon inspection. The latter made objects I owned subject to opinion on their worth, letting me increase the price a bit. My choice was Assess Value -- a little extra money was nice, but so was not passing over an item, thinking it to be worthless when in truth it was worth a fortune.

More people funneled into the city, increasing my competition, but it also meant there was more money going around. By the second day, I had already sold through the wares I had gathered up over winter, netting me a nice profit. It was still less than what I had made for the various shirts of chainmail, but a nice profit nonetheless.

In that time, I was reunited with Father and Halfdan, who brought news from the farmstead. I had become an uncle during the winter. Brandr and Asta had their baby, and by all accounts, he was a healthy boy named Arne, after Father's father. The other said that they missed us and sent us their love. It was good to see them again after half a year of toiling away on the farm, regardless of how short of a distance there was between us. Just going to visit meant I lost a week of productivity.

Brandr had stayed behind to look after his family. And apparently, Haldur had moved to another homestead as a worker. Helga's marriage was upcoming in a few months, so I needed to prepare a gift…

It was an odd thing. I spent so many years on the farmstead, and in six months, it felt like I was completely out of the loop.

But, that was months away. And it was looking increasingly likely that I wouldn't be there for her marriage anyway. Word had spread about the invitation to go to war with the Franks. And given how profitable the raid down South had been last year, people believed that it was a rich land. Naturally, they weren't thinking much about the Franks that would be guarding that wealth.

Public opinion was really pushing towards going to war. Even before there had been an official decision, Jarl Horrik's intentions were known. Word was spread to his hird and thegns, the former including my father, to ready their arms. Sharpen their axes, make their shields, prepare their farmland for a lengthy absence and try to put one last son in their wives before they set out. In my case, I sent Kirk back to the farm to get my weapons while Father did the same for Halfdan.

When we stood in the longhouse, standing on one of the balconies above a crowd that was packed, it was just a formality. "Thegn Ubbe -- I've thought about your proposal. At first, I thought it might be yet another attempt at unseating me by your King. Oh, how he has longed for the city of Alabu for many years…" he said, the smile on his face not taking the sting out of his words. "I consulted the gods, speaking to the seers and looking for a sign. Indecision is unlike me, but I found myself stuck on which course to take."

His smile widened, "Then Odin himself gave me a sign. As I looked out over my city, I watched as a raven circle not once… not twice, but three times before it set its course South. The gods have made their decision clear, and their voice has been heard! We shall march with King Sigfred to aid the Saxons! The call to arms has been sent out! The world shall tremble and the Franks shall weep at the sight of our army!" he shouted, throwing up a cup of ale at his proclamation, prompting plenty of others to do the same as they filled the hall with cheers of approval.

Father bent down and spoke, practically screaming to be heard, but I just barely made out the words. "Take a good look, my son. That is how you lead," he told me before straightening out. I didn't respond.

Because Jarl Horrik had lied. It was a subtle thing. I wouldn't have noticed unless I was specifically looking for a tell that would give him away. It was a slight change in his speech combined with a gesture. Jarl Horrik didn't speak with his hands -- he kept them mostly still.

Except when he spoke about the sign from the gods. There had been no sign. No raven.

Us going to war was completely his decision.

…

Readying for war was a time-consuming thing. First, the call to arms had to make it to the various villages and homesteads, they had to make their preparations, then they had to set out to the rallying point. Everyone was encouraged to bring their own food. The logistics of how we were going to feed everyone was beyond me because I wasn't included in the discussions. All I knew was that every able-bodied man that was available and not needed at home, marched to Alabu for the war effort.

I spent my time training. I sparred with the warriors that were trickling into the city, proving myself to them. People that didn't know me just saw a beardless youth, but after they tasted my boot after I put it up their ass, I started to get a little more respect. My prestige was slowly going up, bit by bit. Father seemed proud.

The fleet of ships were gathering up at Alabu -- Jarl Horrik owned over twenty of them, but his thegns provided their ships and warriors, giving us a fleet of about seventy ships. Which was just enough to carry the thousand warriors that entered Alabu from across Jarl Horrik's territory. Of which, I would be sailing on the flagship with Jarl Horrik along with my Father. My brothers would be spread out across the others, but we would fight together.

Enough time passed for me to come to peace with the fact I was going to war. No, not even that, but… I was a little excited. It would be a good chance to prove myself -- not just to Jarl Horrik, but to the other thegns and Jarls and Kings. I could make a name for myself. The only thing hampering that was the fact there were at least three thousand warriors wanting the exact same thing.

"That girl is staring at you," Halfdan pointed out, laying on the dirt after I knocked him on his ass. He was gasping for breath as we fought outside of the city, since the interior was getting too crowded. I glanced over to see that he was right. A girl was staring at me. At first, I thought it might be Morrigan, but that wasn't the case. She was younger. A few years younger than me, light brown hair that was borderline blonde, wearing a simple dress. She carried a round shield in her hands.

I had absolutely no clue who she was. She didn't look that familiar, but I knew I had seen her before…

Upon realizing that I had spotted her, the girl approached us with a large burly warrior trailing behind her. A guard.

Oh.

That's my fiance.

She approached calmly, though I noticed that she got a bit nervous the closer she got based on her reddening cheeks. Coming to a stop just out of arms reach, she shoved the shield towards me -- the planks were painted red and white in an alternating pattern, the boss of the shield came to a point, while metal went around the rim. "This shield is for you. To protect you in the coming battles," Jill spoke, sounding as if she had practiced that line. Then a shadow of doubt crossed her face, "You will be fighting, won't you?"

I nodded, dropping my training axes and accepting the shield with both hands and a nod, "I will. Where the fighting will be at its thickest, so thank you for the added protection." I told her, making her blush as I tested the shield's weight. It was heavier than I was used to, but of far better make. I opened my mouth to continue, but then Jill straight-up turned around and ran away as if the spirits of Hel were nipping at her heels.

My jaw dropped as I slowly looked up to the man guarding her, who watched his charge flee for the hills. He met my gaze and, after a moment, he offered a small shrug. "She's a shy girl," he told me, as if that was an explanation for what just happened. Then he simply walked away, heading after her. I looked at her retreating back, then at the shield.

I hit Halfdan with it when he wouldn't stop laughing.

I didn't see Jill again until the day we were setting off. There were rituals to perform -- to sway the gods to look favorably on the army setting out. A large feast was held, which was almost secondary to the sacrifices held. I stood in the market square, standing around a nude woman whose modesty was only preserved by the bodypaint that she wore. She was painted red and black, the red marking out intricate designs and runes.

The northern lights shifted overhead, as did countless stars and a half-moon. Torches illuminated the city, the sounds of a drum beating and bones rattling seemed to fill an otherwise silent city. I saw the Jarl's family -- Jarl Horrik, his two wives, Jill, another girl I didn't know, then his eldest son, Thorfin. They were painted as well, though they still wore fine clothing.

In the middle of the circle made of people was Jarl Horrik's third and favorite wife, Oydis. She stood perfectly still, a trough made from the bark of a tree in front of her.

First, a chicken was brought to her. With practiced ease, she slit its throat and drained its blood into the bucket. Then a pig was brought out, and she did the same. The same with a goat. Then a bull. The other animals had died without much of a fight, but ten men were restraining the bull with thick ropes around its body as it kicked and tried to gore whoever came close with its horns.

"Siegfried Wolf-Kissed," Oydis suddenly said, her voice ringing out over the grunting of the bull while the beating of the drums suddenly went silent. "Step forward," she ordered me and it was as if everyone in the city looked directly at me. I took a step forward, looking at her warily. She didn't smile, but her gaze softened ever so slightly. "It is you that will strike down the bull." she decided, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jarl Horrik frown.

It seems that this wasn't planned. Good. Because I would have liked to know beforehand if it was.

A man dressed in a white garb walked forward, presenting me with a large axe. The beard came down a hand length and a half, making it a broadaxe. With a nudge, he sent me towards the raging bull that seemed to fight harder the closer I got. Keenly aware of all the eyes on me, I didn't miss a step.

I had watched the rituals of my people plenty of times. I partook in them plenty of times too. Sacrifices for a bountiful harvest, sacrifices for good luck when Father and the others were going on a raid. This was a little different. This was a sacrifice for the army. If I misstepped in any way, then that would be considered an ill omen. That the gods had not blessed this endeavor. Worse, that it went against their will.

So, I tried to look confident as I strode forward. The bull, sensing its impending death, lashed out with all of its might. It threw its body to the side, jerking its head back and forth, and bellowed loudly. The drumbeat picked up once again, but it didn't manage to drown out the noise the beast was making. Then, without any warning, one of the men that was restraining the creature's leg lost his grip. The rope slid out of his hands, and that was the opening the bull was looking for. It didn't let it go to waste.

The bull lunged, throwing another two men off their feet before it began to turn its horns on them. A man screamed in panic, the tip of the bull's horns going for his gut. He would have died, but I hefted the axe over my head and took the final step forward. Bringing it down in a Power Attack, I caught the bull right in the middle of its thick neck. The blade sliced through dense muscle, sinew, and the bull's spine with enough force that I buried the axe into dirt when at the end of the swing.

Instead of being gored to death, a heavy bull's head landed in the guy's lap. The bull remained standing a moment longer, not realizing that it was dead, but it was still following through with its momentum to gore the guy before its powerful body collapsed on itself, landing in a heap as blood poured out from the stump of its neck.

The men dressed in white quickly moved in, placing bowls against the wound to catch the blood. Oydis stepped forward, taking one of the bowls that was offered to her and dipping it into the tough of blood to fill it completely. She didn't say anything, but there was an intensity to her actions now that the bull was dead. The drumbeat increased in tempo as the men laid into the drums -- she handed the bowl of blood to a man dressed in white and accepted a bundle of dried wicker from another.

Dipping it in the trough, she wetted the wicker before she turned to me. "The gods favor you! The gods favor us!" Oydis shouted, flicking drops of blood across my face. The men in white began to do the same, dipping their bundles into the blood and flicking it over the Jarl's family, then mine as they moved through the army, blessing all those they came across with the blood of the sacrificed.

People were happy with the good omen -- a mighty beast beheaded with a single swing. They were calling it a sign of the battles to come.

I hoped that they were right.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, hepustepus and 1,305 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 14, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Taste of War
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 28, 2022
Add bookmark
#808
I had hoped that since I was traveling with Jarl Horrik's hird, though I wasn't a member myself, that I would have a slight clue of what was going on. But, I was absolutely clueless as the campaign began. Near a hundred ships sailed out of Alabu to the calls of good luck from about a thousand families, and we took a familiar trip down south towards Saxony. We maintained a good wind the entire way, until we eventually reached the opening of the river that the village had been sat upon.

It was a heavy feeling as we sailed by the village, and not a single soul came out to see us. I could only hope that meant that they were doing the smart thing and hiding, but I saw signs of the damage that we left. All signs that pointed to the village being abandoned. I said nothing, not even when Father offered a comforting hand on my shoulder. Last year, we had been here to raid the Saxons and now we were going to liberate them. Irony at its finest.

In the end, I was as clueless as everyone else when we were eventually given the order to disembark after sailing up the river for a time. The ships were left behind with a small guard of a hundred soldiers, while the rest of us began to march west. If there was a plan, then Jarl Horrik was keeping it close to his chest. I had volunteered to be a scout, only for the request to be denied by Jarl Horrik, so I was left completely in the dark.

All I could do was obediently follow orders -- march, set camp, sleep, break camp, then keep marching. Which was how I learned that armies moved incredibly slowly. We walked miles every day, yet it felt like we spent more time setting up and breaking down camp. Two days went by before a scout came back with an unfamiliar man, who was apparently from King Sigfred's camp which was a day's march away.

So, we marched some more. A day later, we arrived to see a number of tents put up -- it was almost difficult to see them with how dense the forest was. We were led into the camp, our two parties joining together. We got lingering looks from the Saxon and Dane forces, and when we arrived at the heart of the camp, it was then that I met two kings.

They stood in front of an open tent -- two men of average builds, but they stood in stark contrast to each other. One had dark black hair, a short beard that clung to his jawline, and was wearing an iron band instead of a crown. His nose was a bit long, and it had suffered a few breaks at some point. He wore a bear pelt over his shoulders, and a shirt of chainmail with a sword at his hip. It was the first one I had ever seen -- swords were a rare and valuable thing in Scandinavia. They were marks of status, belonging to important thegns or Jarls, or Kings.

The second man was older. He had a bushy brown beard, matching the chestnut color of his short hair. He had bright green eyes, and wore a golden crown on his head. He wore a red cloak around his chest with an oakleaf pin, with scale armor beneath that. He was also wearing fine hide boots and trousers, and like the man next to him he was also carrying a sword at his hip.

I couldn't tell who was who, but that was quickly cleared up for me when the dark-haired one stepped forward, offering a hand, and spoke in Norse. "Jarl Horrik. It's been a long time! I see you responded to our invitation with full force," King Sigfred said, clasping forearms with Jarl Horrik.

"Aye, I couldn't let an opportunity such as this slip by," he agreed, giving King Sigfred a nod before he looked to King Widukind and offered a nod. "I have brought a thousand warriors, all eager for Frankish blood. Your missives neglected to state the numbers you bring."

King Sigfred offered a slight smile, "I have brought two thousand warriors in total. King Widukind has five hundred," he said, so we had three thousand and five hundred warriors. Jarl Horrik didn't offer a visible reaction, but I spotted a tell. It was clear that he expected more. And, admittedly, so did I. How was it that the Saxons were fielding the fewest number of soldiers?

The Saxon rebel king offered a smile, "That number will grow," he said in rough Norse. "Saxon nobles are… cautious," he said, saying the word in Germanic, speaking to Sigfred.

"Cautious," I offered, speaking in Norse, earning a look of faint surprise from both kings and Jarl Horrik.

"You know the language of my people?" King Widukind asked me, speaking Germanic, and I offered a small nod. He looked pleased at that. "Then tell your Jarl, that my army shall swell in size when we have our first victory. The nobles have been cowed after enduring Frankish brutality, and after a previously failed rebellion, they are wary of this one also ending in failure." he ordered with the ease of someone that was used to being obeyed.

I looked to a surprised Jarl Horrik and relayed the message, making him frown deeply. "You speak of the Frankish garrison in Sigiburg," he said, and despite having absolutely no clue where that was, I relayed the message to King Widukind in his language. It seemed I had volunteered myself to be a translator between them. Jarl Horrik didn't seem to know a word of Germanic and King Widukind's Norse was rather bad. It was serviceable, but it was clear that he felt more comfortable speaking his own language.

King Widukind nodded, "It is. Charlemagne stationed a thousand soldiers there to pacify the region if needed. To advance, we must deal with that army, else we will find ourselves surrounded when he marshals his forces against us." he explained, gesturing to the tent as I translated. Jarl Horrik followed the two kings in and he reached out with an arm, pulling me along to attend.

As he walked, he spoke lowly to me, "After this, see what the Saxons are saying." he ordered me as we entered the tent. On the table set up inside were two models made of sticks and stones, both in the shape of two fortresses. They were unlike any building I had seen, especially if the models represented the truth -- tall stone walls that sat on top of a steep hill.

"Sigiburg and Eresburg are two fortifications that our ancestors built to secure our border and now Charlemagne uses them against us. For my kin and kind, they will not rebel when they feel the sting of the Frank's dagger at their necks. For the rebellion to gain any support, both must fall and they must fall quickly," King Widukind said, leaving it to me to rapidly translate what he was saying. "Both house seven hundred men and are well provisioned, so a siege will only work against us."

King Sigfred nodded, "Speed is our ally. Charlemagne's scouts are likely reporting back about our presence now. Saxony needs to be in open rebellion, the troops rallied, and prepared for war before the Franks march upon us."

Jarl Horrik frowned, "An assault will be costly. An assault, a forced march, then another assault is courting death and disaster."

I translated both King Sigfred and Jarl Horrik's words, earning a nod from King Widukind. "That is so. Which is why I suggest we divide our forces. With your combined armies, seize Sigiburg as quickly as possible while I march on Eresburg. I know the commander there -- a hot-headed young man eager to prove himself. My head will be a tempting prize for him. He will sally out, and I shall flee towards… here." As he spoke, he took out another model of a dense forest on top of rolling hills that had a river flowing through it.

"It's an hour's march from the fort. I shall flee to the ford, while one of your armies approaches from the behind and the other seizes the fort from whatever garrison he leaves behind," he said, positioning the various models to get a sense of scale.

"If the timing is off, then you will be crushed upon the river," Jarl Horrik said, spotting an immediate flaw with the plan. "And we have no guarantee that he will sally out."

King Widukind nodded, "Timing is crucial. As soon as the fort is taken, send me a messenger and I shall enact the plan. It will take you a half-day to reach the other fort, then to the field of battle. Any delay could mean the death of my men, so I do ask that you don't linger." he said, looking at King Sigfred and Jarl Horrik. "The distance works to our advantage because the scouts that spot your armies' movements won't have time to reach the other fort. Their warning of your march will come too late. Your thoughts?"

King Sigfred offered a shrug, "You are taking the greatest risk with this plan. If you are certain that it will work, then I see no reason to not believe you." I translated his words before we all looked to Jarl Horrik. Who offered a frown and a shrug of his own.

"If it works, then it is a good plan. If it doesn't, then it is a bad plan," he said, tacitly agreeing to the plan.

And with that, the strategy for our first move in the war was settled on and we began our march.

My ability to act as a translator made me far more valuable than I realized, I learned rather quickly. King Widukind pointedly didn't ask how I learned Germanic, knowing that I most likely learned from a slave that had been taken from his kingdom. I also did as Jarl Horrik ordered, listening in on the Saxon warriors that marched with us for a time. It was helping my Intrigue stat a bit, so I was happy to do it.

I learned that the Saxons were eager. Every single one of them was here out of a desire for vengeance rather than any true loyalty to the kingdom of Saxony, and they followed King Widukind because he wanted vengeance most of all. No one really had anything bad to say about him -- he was a good leader, and his men respected him. Jarl Horrik simply grunted when I gave him my findings, displeased, but not with me.

I think he was looking for an angle of some kind. He wasn't here for loot. He was here to protect his own interests. I suspected that he feared that if Saxony managed to rebuff the Franks… then Widukind would repay the favor to King Sigfred and march North to take the city of Alabu for King Sigfred's kingdom. At least, those were my thoughts.

In my position as translator, I didn't get to see my family much. I only saw Father on and off when I was relaying messages to Jarl Horrik. There was a lot of logistics work when it came to marching an army. Scouts went ahead to make sure we didn't run face-first into a Frankish army, forgers returned with berries, nuts, and whatever animals they had hunted. Food was a constant concern, especially when we couldn't raid and loot whatever villages we came across on because it would be counterproductive.

Admittedly, not that it stopped some. I had been there when the news had been delivered each time that one Danish army or another raided a village for extra supplies, or how a group broke off to sack a monastery. It made it clear that there was no real discipline in the army. No real unity either. There were plenty of rivalries and blood feuds in the Dane armies, both with each other and internally. The Saxons couldn't speak our language, for the most part, so they were standoffish at best to our people.

It just felt like we were a huge raiding party rather than an actual army.

At least until we arrived at the fortress of Sigiburg. It was based at the top of a tall and steep hill, with tall walls made of stacked stone. It looked like it had been whitewashed at some point, but it was in desperate need of a second coat. I saw two towers overlooking the main path up, with a gate between them. The fortress was a long rectangle, and I noted spots of disrepair. Some of the stonework had crumbled, revealing the men that walked on the walls -- showing that they walked on a wood platform instead of stone.

It didn't look large enough to house a thousand men. We saw signs of living around the fortress, so I'm guessing it was pretty packed in there.

I approached with Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred, while King Widukind was preparing for a continued march towards Eresburg. Then I relayed their message, "Surrender without a fight and you will be treated with dignity. Your fortress is lost. We shall take it, and we will extract vengeance upon those that survive the slaughter for the price we will pay in blood." I shouted up to the castle gates, spotting a man on the ramparts.

He looked better armed and better dressed than the soldiers with him. A dirty blonde beard that he kept neatly trimmed, and had on a green cloak that was clasped together with a gold pin. He wore a complete armor set of scale mail, vastly more protective than chainmail or a gambeson. He looked down at me with an expression of disdain. "I'm shocked that a dog can speak the civilized tongue," he said, speaking Germanic at me.

"What did he say?" Jarl Horrik asked, earning a sigh from me.

"He's talking shit about me," I admitted, earning an amused chuckle from King Sigfred. Then I spoke up in Germanic, "Will you surrender or not?"

"Twice, Saxony has been crushed underneath the might of the Frankish Empire. So it shall a third time," he spoke, earning a breath of frustration from me.

"Is that a yes or a no? Asshole," I muttered the insult in Norse under my breath, looking up at the commander of the garrison. His lips thinned at me and I wondered if he actually spoke Norse.

"Approach these walls and you shall find your death, you northern dogs! I shall hack off your hands and feet before slaying you, sending you to the depths of hell as a cripple! My men shall feast upon your women, our bodies slick with your blood, and they will bear the children of their husband's killers!" The man spat at me, missing me by a good fifty feet.

"I see why no one likes you Christians," I returned, unable to resist. Wilfred had been right -- they seemed to enjoy cruelty. Then again, we were attacking them, so perhaps I was expecting too warm of a welcome. I looked to the two, about to translate, only for King Sigfred to raise a hand.

He offered a small smirk that betrayed his amusement, "I can guess his answer. We will take the fortress with blood and iron. So be it," he said, sounding eager as he walked away and barked orders to begin preparations. Jarl Horrik looked to me, his lips pressed together in a thin line.

"Wolf-Kissed," he said, calling me by the nickname that was rapidly catching on. "We need to take the walls fast. The faster the better. I want you in the first wave," he told me. I didn't have a lot of experience with actual warfare, but Father had explained the basics to me. The first wave was reserved typically for the berserkers. I had never met one, but Mother had told me plenty of tales about the villainous berserkers -- how they would be possessed by spirits of animals like wolves and bears and attack everyone around them in a mindless rage.

However, their strength couldn't be denied. Which is why they fought in front of the army.

It was a position of acting as a hammer to an enemy's formation. They wore no armor. They pressed the attack and carved lines in an enemy's shield wall as shock troops, paving the way for the other warriors to pour in and shatter their formation. It was a position of honor. To not wear armor showed your bravery, to be placed at the front showed the army that your prowess was recognized and you were trusted to pave a path for the rest of the army.

It was a high honor he was giving me. And a tall task.

"Every man counts, Siegfried. I don't trust Sigfred. I suspect that he intends to use this campaign to weaken our forces, sapping our fighting strength," he said, looking at the fortress. "It's going to take a large toll to take that fortress and Sigfred intends to have my men take the brunt of those losses. Which is why I want you in the first wave. Secure us a foothold on the walls. Even better, find a way to open the gate. Do it, and you shall have my share of the spoils within. Should you fall in battle, know that I will give them to your family."

I thought about it for a moment, eying the walls with more apprehension now. I quickly came to a decision, "And the farm is given to one of my brothers." I added my own condition, earning a chuckle from Jarl Horrik as he patted me on the back.

"It is agreed. And I'm glad you found your voice. I never trust a man unless he haggles," he said, leaving me behind as I continued to stare up at the fortress, looking at the walls for a place to attack.

…

There were a number of preparations for the battle. Chief among them were the sacrifices that were being made. I stood still as I was painted in soot and blood and white lime. There were others, all of them much older than me. I was by far the youngest given the honor of fighting in the first wave. My face was painted red and black, my ears were traced with the lime while the artist drew swirling designs on my pecs and shoulders.

I only had my pants and boots on as my brothers watched on -- some with relief that they hadn't been picked, others with jealousy that they hadn't been given the honor, and the rest with worry that I wouldn't come back. As soon as the shaman was done, my brother Halfdan handed me my shield, the one that Jill gave me. With the harness I made, I immediately scuffed up the artwork painted on me by securing the shield to my back.

In my belt, I kept two bearded axes -- they were needed in the tight quarters on the walls. Anything with more range would just be a hindrance. With it secure, I rolled my shoulders and looked up at the sky, taking in a deep breath. Looking down, I saw my brothers gathered around, taking a moment with me.

"Show them the gates of Hel, Siegfried," Haldan said, offering a nod.

"I was with a slave girl last night, and I pulled something in my back. So, do the heavy lifting for me, little brother," Havi said, slugging me in the shoulder, a worried grin on his face. Kirk didn't say anything, just offering a nod to me. Behind all of them was Father, worry lines marring his forehead. Yet, when the horn blew, he nodded all the same.

"Go find your glory, my son," he told me, sending me off. I gave them all a lingering look before walking away, joining the others. Men were picking up ladders, but I wasn't going with them. Instead, I walked to the end of a long pole that was more of a narrow tree. I grabbed hold of one end, tucking it under my arm as I held my axes in my free hand. Other warriors grabbed the other end.

We would have to run uphill to the fortress, but there weren't really any good points of attack from the ground. The thick underbrush would slow us, as would the hill. However, with the disrepair, there were a few good targets. The ladders would run with us, with those with sticks targeting the crumbling fortifications to make sure the enemy didn't push them off.

We lined up and I saw the enemy on the fortifications, bows and arrows pointed at us. I became increasingly aware that I wasn't wearing any armor. They weren't firing yet, choosing to save their ammo, but that wouldn't last. I saw shields and short daggers, axes, and spears. A mixture of men holding the walls.

I took in another deep breath, bracing myself as I waited for the signal.

Then, in the form of a long horn blast, it was given.

I sprinted forward, the other ten warriors behind me doing the same, charging up the hill, and I saw the first volley of arrows launch from the bows aimed in our direction. Even with Fast Counter, I couldn't count them all as they slowly fell down towards us, and with faint thunks, they crashed down. I soon heard screams as men fell, arrows protruding from them. I nearly took one to the foot, while another narrowly missed me and ended up hitting the man directly behind me. He fell, dropping to the ground, but we couldn't stop.

Pressing forward, we surmounted the hill, weathering another volley just after the first landed, this one coming from on the other side of the wall. We lost another man, and I caught an arrow to the shield, but I was unharmed. My heart thundered in my chest, pounding at my ribs as I fought against the tide, pulling forward towards the wall. More men fell all around me. Not enough to stop the advance, though.

A third volley fell just before we reached the wall, the arrows landing directly on us. Again, I was untouched, only for another two to fall. A second later, we reached the wall and the remaining men lifted with their arms as I leaped up with all my strength, the momentum carrying me to the wall, and with our combined effort, with two short steps, I reached the top. I was greeted by a wall of men, weapons flashing out at me.

Unbreakable Guard saved my life. My axes, both clutched in a single hand, lashed out to divert the tips of the spears or the daggers lunging in my direction. The moment I was up, a foothold secured, I tossed my second axe into my other hand and I lashed out with short, shallow Power Attacks, hacking at the wall of bodies in front of me. Men fell where they were, their bodies pushed forward by the encroaching horde behind them as they pressed forward to fill the gap.

It was nothing like fighting in the battles before. I was hacking and slashing, blood splashing over me like a waterfall, but the tide just didn't seem to abate in the slightest. In a handful of seconds, I must have killed a dozen men, their bodies piling up at my feet or pushed behind me off the wall, yet I didn't make any progress. Until, all of a sudden, I did. The smallest of gaps appeared in the wall of bodies, all pressing to push me off the wall. The others were drawing some of the heat off of me, even if I was the only one on the wall as far as I could tell.

Throwing myself into the opening, I turned my back to one side of the wall of enemies and I felt their blows rain down on the shield over my back. I weathered the blows and pressed forward, finding a powerful combination for my abilities against the screaming wall of men. With one axe, I kept Unbreakable Guard up, allowing me to effortlessly and unconsciously catch and divert blows. With my second axe, I hacked and slashed, killing everything before me with Power Attacks. Which axe I used for offense and defense changed seamlessly as I fought, allowing me to rapidly press forward as I continued to drop corpses at my feet.

There was so much blood. It soaked my pants, filled my boots, and it covered every inch of me. It soaked into the wood ramparts, which were more wood emplacements set up to expand how many men could fight on the walls. All I heard was screaming all around me -- men screaming in pain, in fear, in rage, and in horror. The stench of shit from the dead and disemboweleddisembowled was so overpowering that I could taste it on my tongue.

Death was not something that I could avoid. It would come for me, no matter what I did. If fate decided that today was my day to die, then I would die. That's all there was to it. So, I didn't fight to live. I fought for glory. For wealth. The share of a Jarl was no small amount and this battle of so many men would be sure to catch the attention of the gods. If I did fall… then I would be sure to be welcomed in Valhalla.

A scream ripped from my throat, joining the chorus of others all around me as I found the pressure taken off of me when more men climbed up on the walls. I reached a barred doorway, hacking and slashing everyone in my way. With a kick reinforced with Power Attack, I killed the man guarding the door and broke through. As I entered the tower, the fact my shield didn't catch on the remains of the door told me exactly how shattered it was. I paid it no mind as I was attacked by those in the tower -- archers that had been firing from the slits in the windows and men that had fallen back inside of the tower for protection.

I killed them. I wasn't even sure how. Everything became a blur of combat, of mindless swinging at my enemies and having them just fall away. With so many power attacks, I was feeling my arms beginning to ache with the strain. The exhaustion I felt went bone deep, as if the bones in my arms were straining under the weight of my axes with each swing. The weapons seemed to weigh more with each blow I delivered, but I didn't slow down. I walked down the tower stairs, killing everyone I could, carving a path for the other warriors to follow.

Reaching the bottom floor, I kicked in a door and was greeted by more men standing in the courtyard. They were set up in a spear wall, the tips of the spears pointed in my direction. The fight was still ongoing on the other walls and I could see men being pushed off the scaffolding and how our warriors were being rebuffed. The only wall that had seen any progress was the one that I pushed through. They were going to try to hold us at the one safe way down the walls. A chokepoint, however a temporary one.

I rushed forward and slammed into the formation, my exhaustion shoved aside as I fought. And I killed. And killed. And slaughtered everything in my way.

As I fought, hacking and slashing, my exhaustion grew and grew with each swing until my guard lapsed. I felt a solid blow to the side of my head, making me stumble for a moment. When I stopped, it was as if my spirit left my body and allowed me to look upon my surroundings all at once. I had focused so much on what was immediately around me, I paid no attention to the actual battle.

I saw a man holding his intestine as they spilled out from his stomach, fruitlessly trying to stuff them back inside of him while he screamed on blood-soaked dirt. I saw a man throw down his weapons, screaming in Germanic that he surrendered, but the Norse warriors didn't understand a word he said. Blood spattered on my face when an axe was embedded in his skull.

I saw a shieldmaiden get stabbed a half dozen times in her stomach before the blade was buried to the hilt in her throat. I saw a warrior screaming for the valkyries -- not in glory and excitement, but in fear before he was silenced with a spear to the throat. I witnessed Norsemen and Franks screaming at each other at the top of their lungs, cursing the other to die as they traded blows, both of them so wounded there was no hope for them to live beyond the battle.

I saw it all. Courage, bravery, glory, and honor. As well as fear, confusion, anguish, horror, and death.

Then, without warning, I slammed back into my body with almost physical force. Baring my teeth, I killed the man that struck me and continued on my path.

Warriors followed in my wake as I broke through the formation, their spears proving their undoing with their line broken. It was a mess of a melee, and the only way I could really tell where I was going was because of the two towers that marked the front gate. I had no clue how many men were between it and me, only that with each swing of my axe, the distance shrunk by the width of a man.

Then, I was suddenly before them, having carved a line through the reserved soldiers. I spotted the commander of the garrison and rushed him. His guards rushed to meet me in a bid to protect him, but the warriors that followed me through took care of them. I had no clue who he was, or how valuable he might be as a hostage, so I spun my axe and caught him in the temple, dropping him. Screams echoed in my ears, as did the clashing of wood and metal. I pressed forward, trusting the men behind me to protect my back as I undid the wedges meant to support the door.

With a heave, I lifted the bar on the door and tossed it behind me before pulling open the door. I was nearly trampled by our warriors as they poured in.

The commander that I tried to spare was trampled underfoot as men streamed in through the doors, my efforts amounting to naught.

I didn't lament his probable death for long, however. I was quick to rejoin the melee, throwing myself into the thick of it. The resistance in the fortress was crumbling even though there were still plenty of warriors on their side.

I spotted a number of our warriors hacking at a wooden door on the interior of the fortress. Joining them, I lashed out with a foot and the planks splintered, not from a Power Attack, but simple raw strength. The others resumed hacking, and with another kick, the door gave way, falling off its hinges. The room was a large one and richly decorated. My eyes were nearly seared at the amount of colors painted on the walls -- from the floor to a high ceiling were murals depicting men and women.

There were over a dozen men praying at a stone alter with fearful devotion and my stomach clenched when the Norse warriors fell upon them, hacking and slashing at them, showing no mercy or remorse. Blood splattered over the painted interior of the church, the faithful screaming for mercy from God to spare them. It was a horrid sight. A man crawled away over a body, only to find an axe buried in his back. One clawed at a warrior's legs, begging to be spared, and was answered with a slashed throat. One picked up a candlestick and started swinging as he cursed, making our warriors laugh.

It was difficult to feel pity for them, I thought. I don't know who these men were, but they had been in here, praying to their God, instead of being outside fighting. Worse, they proved that they were cowards with their begging and fear. The only one that I had any respect for was the doddering old man that was determined to brain at least one Dane with a candlestick before he died. I didn't know if Christians believed in Valhalla, but I was certain that he would be welcomed.

Striding forward, I walked past the slaughter, heading towards the altar. There was an object on it -- a cross with a dead man on it. An odd thing, but on the blood-splattered pictures on the walls, I saw the same man carrying the cross that he died on. A curious thing. What really caught my attention was what the cross and the dead man was made of -- silver. More than that, there were gemstones embedded in the cross. Without a doubt, it was the single most valuable thing I had ever seen.

Grabbing it, I found it had weight to it. It was at least four or five pounds of silver and jewels. More money than I had ever made put together.

"They really do worship a dead god," I muttered, looking at the man wearing a crown of thorns. I didn't get it. It just didn't make sense. I thought that maybe Wilfred had made that up, but it was the truth. Not only did they worship a dead god, but their offerings were so rich. Pounds of silver, silver and gold candlesticks with rich-looking candles mounted in them. And this room was so rich with color…

What power could he hold as a corpse to justify such worship and offerings?

"No! Don't touch the cross!" I heard a man shout, leaping up from his hiding place behind the altar, which showed me I really should have cleared the room before looting. He threw himself at me, his hands lunging for the cross in my hand. I caught him in the throat with the shaft of my axe, knocking him off balance before knocking him to the ground with a whack from the cross.

His cheek bled, split open by my holy bludgeon, his hand going up to this face as he looked up at me with horror. I quickly took in his appearance -- the haircut, the robes, the scarf hanging off his shoulders… reaching down, I rubbed my bloody fingers over it to find that it was the softest material I had ever felt. My eyes narrowed, taking in the rest of him -- Dark hair, dark eyes, a slightly fat man with the beginnings of a second chin. His expression was one of pure terror, and it was clear why. I was absolutely drenched in blood. I could feel it drying on me by the second.

A warrior walked forward, raising an axe, but I stopped him by raising an arm. Surprisingly, he stopped, looking at me questioningly. I dropped down, pressing the edge of my blade to the priest's neck, "Are you Frankish?" I asked him, making him swallow thickly.

He offered a trembling nod. Good so far. "So, you speak Frankish?"

He opened his mouth, the words not coming for a moment, "I… I do… why?" he asked me, his voice trembling with fear. I gave him a smile that made him piss himself.

Looks like I found a new tutor.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,326 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 28, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Next Steps
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 5, 2022
Add bookmark
#899
"Hnngh…" I groaned, hearing the faint sound of screaming not too far off in the distance. As if someone was being muffled by a bite. My upper body felt incredibly sore, as if I had pulled every single muscle in my arms, shoulders, and back. I was used to the feeling of pushing myself a little too hard, but I had truly overdone it this time. I doubt I would be able to raise my arms above my head for a week. No- wait, I had Fast Healer. So, a few days.

Shifting my head made me open my eyes to find that they were completely covered in dried blood. I had to peel myself off of the bed I had fallen face-first into -- a bed that wasn't mine. I had just dove into the first one that I could find at the camp and passed out. Another groan escaped me when I pushed myself into a sitting position, my head hanging low so that clumps of hair fell into my face, proving that even my hair had soaked through with other people's blood.

I spared a glance down at my hands, idly noting that some paste had been applied to the nicks and cuts on them. My injuries had been treated while I was asleep. A few cuts, a few scrapes, and it was only now that I noticed I had taken a cut to the calf during the battle. All of which were treated and bandaged. In my sleep, since I didn't recall it happening.

How many people did I kill during that battle? How many people's blood was I absolutely drenched in? It felt like a lot. More than a dozen. Maybe… two or three. Maybe even four. I doubt it was a hundred, though. That seemed a bit much. Still, I killed a lot of people. And I had been rewarded for it.

Prowess had reached another milestone. Unsurprisingly given the battle. Killing men gave far more experience than sparring with my brothers, and I've killed a number of men at this point. I had the leftover of Shatter Defense, but there were two new choices: Projectile Prediction and Auto Action. Both choices were… interesting.

Projectile Prediction allowed me to see the exact destination and path of an object, meaning an arrow or javelin or whatever. Both my own, and even better, things that were flying my way. Auto Action, however, was interesting -- It was almost… inhuman in nature. It would save certain actions that I made and when the prompt for them to happen, they would be done without any conscious thought from me. If a slash happened at my neck, I could save a block that would catch the blow. More than that, I could go a step beyond and make it a counter and kill the man. And if he blocked, I could save another move to respond depending on what he did.

Fighting, in theory, would become… automatic… It wouldn't need me to think about it at all. It was a true gift from the gods and I could see how powerful it would make me. Yet, all the same, I didn't want to take it. How could I? What honor was there in a fight when the enemy could never hope to touch me? When there was no effort nor thought on my part, how could I earn my victories? That was not glory. Nor honor. That was… I don't even know what it was.

No. No, this was a test by the gods to see if I would mindlessly choose power over honoring them as I should. A test I would not fail.

So, I chose Projectile Prediction. It seemed like it would shore up my most glaring weakness to missile weapons, while making my aim better. Maybe I should look into getting a bow. I loved my sling, but as powerful as it was, I could only ever get a few shots off with it before I was forced into a melee. With the right bow, enough distance, I could kill a dozen men before they even came near me.

"You're awake," I heard a voice say, making me look over at an unfamiliar man looking at me with caution. I had no clue who he was.

"...Did I steal your bed? Sorry," I said, standing up with a low groan while the man let out a small disbelieving chuckle as he continued to look at me. "I was tired and it was either it or the mud," I said, looking at him. He eyed me with a sense of guarded awe. Perhaps awe was the wrong word for it, but that look he was given me was the same kind that was given to Jarl Horrik or King Sigfred. Respect.

"I bet, Wolf-Kissed," he remarked, clearly amused. "Your pet priest has been looked after. He was spared execution," he said, making me frown and the dried blood on my face cracked with the expression. He seemed to pick up on it because he explained, "Your Jarl decided that it was too soon to take thralls of the defeated, and keeping them prisoner would be too costly. Most of the defenders were executed."

There was a beat of silence as I processed that. I had largely checked out towards the tail end of the battle, but by the time I had helped break into that room, there had been surrenders. We had taken the walls too quickly, and with the opening of the gate, the defenders saw that they had no hope. They surrendered. Meaning hundreds of prisoners had been executed.

It seemed like a harsh measure, but I also didn't know what else could be done about the prisoners. As bad of a taste as it left in my mouth, I couldn't offer any solutions, so I had no right to criticize the decision. All I could do was hope that those that had been executed had died well to impress their God.

I nodded, "When do we march on Eresburg?" I asked him, earning a small nod.

"I was sent to wake you. We begin the march soon," he informed me. "Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred wished for you to join them," he added, starting to leave before he paused, as if realizing that I was completely covered in blood. "I can tell them that you will join them once you are clean?" He offered, earning a thankful nod.

"Thank you," I said and promptly marched off in the direction I knew the river would be in. The river was a slow moving one that moved inland, the water murky and flanked by banks. I chose the cleaner option and waded into the river and used my nails to start scratching off the dried blood. The only remotely clean parts of me was my back from the shield protecting me, and my pants. Even my feet had been covered in blood.

Dunking my head in the murky water, I furiously scratched at my scalp to clean myself off. I spent a good ten minutes bathing in the cold water, then another ten cleaning my fingernails. I was pruny when I finally exited the river to be greeted by my father, who had shown up at some point. He offered a new pair of clean clothes but said nothing until I was dressed.

"Secure a foothold on the walls, or open the gate," Father said once I was dressed, looking down at me with an unreadable expression. "You do know what or means, right? It means one or the other," he told me, his blue eyes searching my face.

"It just kinda happened?" I defended myself with a small shrug. "Once I was on the walls, I saw how many of them there were and they were pushing to close the foothold. Jarl Horrik said he wanted to minimize losses, so…" I trailed off when my Father sighed loudly.

"Siegfried, I love you. You make me so damn proud, but I want to wring your little neck sometimes," he admitted to me, bringing me into a hug. Giving me some pretty mixed messages there. "I don't know what drives you, son. You've always been doing your best to outdo yourself… but while our day to die is written by fate, you don't need to rush towards it with such reckless abandon."

I guess that's what it would look like to others. I stepped back, breaking the hug. "I don't intend to die anytime soon. I just did all that I could," I told him. Jarl Horrik was right about doing what we could to minimize losses. From what I heard, assaults on fortresses were bloody and long affairs. Me doing all that I could saved lives and time that we could use against the Franks.

Changing the entire tide of the war was beyond me. I could only do so much. Taking part in that battle broadened my perception in a way. As much as I had done, in the end, I had been a very small part of the battle. The number of men I killed was practically meaningless. My greatest act that had the most impact on the battle was opening the gates so that more of our men could fight. That had won us the battle.

Being a great warrior wasn't enough to win. Being in the right place at the right time to take the right action won battles. Being a great warrior just made being there at the right place and time easier. However, the right action could only reveal itself with time or strategy. I increased my Prowess, but it was my understanding of what tactics were that had changed the most.

Father searched my face a moment longer before offering a slow nod, "I heard you, son."

"Are the others okay?" I asked him as we began to walk back to camp. Through the trees, I saw people breaking down the camp. Though, from the looks of it, some were taking up residence in the fortress -- I guess to make sure no one else took it while we moved on.

"Aye, they're just sore that you've outshone them. Your name is all everyone's been talking about all night," Father said, earning a glance from me.

"Night?" I echoed, nearly tripping on a root. I was glad the others were okay, but that last bit was really surprising.

Father let out a small laugh, "You've been out for half a day and a night, lad." He informed me, dashing my initial assumption that it had only been a few hours. "We waited to give Widukind a head start, and for our messenger to catch up with him. We have a half days march to catch up. Either he'll be dead, his plan worked, or we have to assault another fortress." He said with a dismissive shrug, not caring one way or the other.

I had half a day to recuperate. I felt a bit better already once the muscles had loosened up a bit, though I was still incredibly sore. Though, I still straightened up when I saw Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred speaking to each other in low tones. I also spotted the man that I… had taken, kidnapped, and enslaved. Huh. I know people said you just did things when your blood was up, but I had kidnapped and enslaved someone. A priest of the Christian religion. On accident. Sorta.

The priest's eyes dropped to the ground, clutching the heavy silver and jeweled cross in his hands like it was a lifeline. His lips moved in a prayer that sounded foreign, even more so than Frankish. Did he know another language? If he did, then that was another reason to not free him yet. Not only would it mean his death, but it was two languages for the price of one.

"Wolf-Kissed! I thought we might have to carry you in battle," King Sigfred greeted me and I saw the briefest of sour looks pass over Jarl Horrik's face as he too turned to look at me. His son Thorfin rode next to him, looking at me with some interest but he said nothing.

I offered a slight smile, not really sure the proper protocol for dealing with a king. No one told me because no one thought I would ever actually meet one. So, I just kept doing what I had been doing, "I might have slept through it," I told him, earning warm chuckles.

"Your priest and spoils have been kept safe -- though what you need a pet priest for is beyond me," Jarl Horrik remarked, giving the priest that muttered a prayer a dirty look. "I've also given you a chest that contains your well-earned reward -- my share of the loot taken from the fortress." He told me, giving me a smile that I had a hard time deciphering. There was a tension in the air that seemed to materialize from nothing.

It had always been there between the two. I hadn't seen much of it and it was clear that the dislike between them extended beyond just politics. They didn't like each other, period. Or, at the very least, Jarl Horrik actively disliked the Dane king. However, now it was being extended to me as well. That much was proven when King Sigfred spoke up.

"Your prizes will be kept in the baggage train, but I learned you lack something. It is beneath such a fine warrior to walk on the ground with the rest of the men," he said, and with a gesture, a man that was leading a horse walked forward on cue. The horse was a hardy build, chestnut in coat with a light-colored mane. On his back were furs and pelts that acted as a cushion for long rides.

Ah. I think I see where the tension was coming from.

I nodded to King Sigfred, "Thank you for the fine gift. Does he have a name?" I asked while Jarl Horrik looked so impassive it was pretty easy to see he was incredibly pissed off. The king was giving me gifts. Horses were a declaration of wealth. Argo, my workhorse, marked me out as someone with money even when I didn't really have any. But there was a huge distance between an old workhorse and a warhorse. The latter was only ridden by Thegns, Jarls, and Kings. I was none of the above.

I petted the beast, getting him used to me as he looked at me with intelligent eyes. King Sigfred shook his head, "No. Consider it my gift. With your efforts, we took the fortress almost too quickly." He said as I hopped up on the horse. It was a bit awkward. The pelts were belted down, while the horse shifted his weight once I was on, but a second later I was seated and gazing down at everyone else. I met eyes with Father, who took the time to give me a very pointed look.

He didn't need to say anything. The look said it all.

To watch my mouth and make no promises.

Jarl Horrik nodded, "Aye. We expected to spend at least a week here. Never mind taking it on the first assault. The men said you fought like Thor himself," he remarked, an odd note in his words. He was clearly buttering me up, as if to remind me who I owed my gratitude to, but there was almost a quiet unease to him as we began to march forward with Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred leading the way. His son openly wore a sour look as if he had bitten into something bitter before wiping the expression off his face when he saw I noticed. I used the chance to look to the priest, who looked up at me with fear in his eyes, and gestured for him to follow.

"An exaggeration," I said, quickly getting used to riding. I loosely grabbed the horse's mane to steer, but for the most part I let… Epona lead himself. Father walked along with us, and behind us were the Hirds for both men, a grand total of about sixty men marching along a dirt road that was rapidly turning to mud.

"Humble," King Sigfred remarked. "But do not be so quick to dismiss praise. Especially when it comes from a king," he added, not looking back at me. "I'm told that it is not the first time you've proven yourself in battle. An attack on a farm repelled single handily, salvaging a near failed raid… and seizing the walls of a fortress for an army. That, Wolf-Kissed, is a pattern." And the king was looking into me.

I really didn't know what to do in the situation. I wish I had trained up Diplomacy more, or even Intrigue. Something to make me feel like I wasn't about to stick my entire foot in my mouth every time I spoke. I should have taken Silver Tongue when I had the chance.

"A pattern we hope continues," Jarl Horrik said, sparing me a glance. "The shield that my daughter gave you saw hard use. The planks have been replaced, and the buss restored. It will be ready for the next battle." And he was bringing that up now to remind us that I was engaged to his daughter. I said us, because that reminder was directed every bit as much at me as it was King Sigfred.

"Thank you, Jarl Horrik," I said, thanking him in the same tone as I did when I got the horse as I settled in for a very long and very awkward trip.

…

Eventually, as the hours ticked by, things settled into an uncomfortable silence. Giving me time to speak to the priest, who marched along side us with increasing difficulty. The march we were on wasn't a long one, but walking eight hours was a task for the overweight man. He never lost his death grip on the cross either, which certainly didn't help him. "What is your name?" I asked him in Germanic, making him look up at me.

"Otto, my lord," Otto introduced himself, a slight quiver in his voice.

"Not a lord," I quickly corrected, making him swallow thickly.

He looked away from me, "What shall become of me?" He asked, and it was a fair question. I would want to know that too.

"As of right now, you are my slave," I told him bluntly, not sparing his feelings. He clutched the cross tightly until his knuckles were white. "You will teach me Frankish. And I also heard you muttering something -- was that Frankish?" I asked him, earning a hesitant shake of his head.

He swallowed thickly, "It was a prayer, my lord. To God. It was, in, ah…, Latin, my lord," he explained, stumbling a bit when I frowned at him. He was a skittish thing, I noticed.

But he said something that caught my attention, "Your god is dead. How can he hear your prayers?" I asked him, gesturing to my cross he carried. Nails through his hands and feet might not kill him, but the wound between his ribs would have pierced his heart. That was a fatal wound.

Otto opened his mouth, closed it, opened it again, licked his lips nervously before he finally found his words after a lengthy pause. "This is Jesus Christ, the son of God and our savior. He died for our sins -- so we may be forgiven for our failures and misdeeds so long as we repent for them and praise his name." He explained slowly, cautiously even.

"Oh, that makes more sense," I admitted. There was a story there, but it made much more sense that they weren't worshiping a dead god. "So, he is not your god?"

"No, he is," Otto corrected, and things made a lot less sense. "He… ah… there is the father, the son, and the holy spirit -- all are God. Jesus was the son of God, yet he was God." He explained in a rather clumsy way, and I hoped that it was his fear that jumbled the explanation because I was growing more confused by the second. "It makes more sense if you accept God is all-powerful. He can be himself, and not himself."

I frowned, "No one is all-powerful. Even Odin must bend to the whims of fate," I argued. What a confusing religion. "If he was all-powerful, then we would have been repelled on your walls. You would have won the battle, and we would not have this baffling conversation."

Otto actually smiled at that, gaining some confidence, "God works in mysterious ways and all is in accordance with his plan. The defeat we suffered stings, this is true. And many were lost and suffered. But, I believe it is because your defeat was not meant to be on the walls. It is further inland -- at the hands of the Great King Charlemagne." He spoke, puffing out his chest.

Thorfin slowed down, "What is he saying?" He asked me, nodding to the priest.

"That Charlemagne will defeat us," I answered, earning a scoff from Thorfin. I shared his indignation, though I was less vocal about it. The priest spoke of things that he didn't understand. If we were to be defeated, then it was fate for us to be. That, and the will of the gods. Not his God. Then I nodded at Otto, "Why are you so certain that he will defeat us?"

"God wills it," was Otto's quick response.

"And if our gods will for us to succeed?" I questioned, "We have a mighty army of many thousands."

Otto appeared almost indignant, his fear quickly forgotten now that he found his pride. "As does King Charlemagne! He possesses many tens of thousands of soldiers, all ready to carry out God's will," he told me, and my lips thinned at that. Something that wasn't unnoticed by him, nor Thorfin. "Do you realize your folly now? Repent and find God in your heart, and I'm certain you will find mercy. If not, then you will be welcomed into Heaven."

I looked away from him, speaking to Thorfin, "He says that the Frankish King Charlemagne commands several tens of thousands of men." I said, making Throfin frown deeply.

"He speaks lies," Jarl Horrik dismissed without looking back at us. "The Frankish had no more than five thousand warriors when they conquered Saxony. That is the extent of their might. He is exaggerating to drip poisonous doubts into your ears. Don't listen to him." He sounded confident about that, which I could admit soothed the worst of my worries.

Thorfin nodded, looking happy, "And when we free Saxony, we'll be able to meet them in numbers. Even if the Saxons are soft as little girls," he remarked, earning a chuckle from Jarl Horrik. I didn't think it would be as simple as that, though.

Regardless, I was given something to think about. For now, though, I had more immediate concerns.

"Whether we lose or not, you will teach me Frankish and Latin," I told Otto. "Should your god prevail, then you will be freed and I will be dead. Should my gods prevail, then upon teaching me what you know of the languages… and your religion, you will be freed." I said, making Otto's eyebrows climb high when he heard that. I don't think he expected freedom to come from anything other than a chop of an axe.

"You wish to convert?" He asked me, hope clear in his tone.

"I just wish to learn," I added to a visibly disappointed Otto before he looked oddly determined. I could practically see it become his personal mission to show me the light of heaven, and I wouldn't stop him. It would make him eager to teach me. And I wanted to learn. My faith in the gods was certain -- I saw proof of it every day with my daily ritual at least. There would be no chance of me converting, and knowledge was knowledge. Even All-Father Odin learned from the Jotun, his enemies. "Tell me the fables, the stories, and the morals behind them."

I should have expected him to thrust out the cross before saying an unfamiliar word, "Jesus." He said, repeating the word in Frankish. He pointed to the cross, saying the word in Frankish, then Latin. I repeated them, Polyglot sorting the two out in my head.

Over the march, Otto would point at things and give them a name in Frankish and Latin, and slowly my understanding of the language expanded. Jesus, cross, clothes, horse, dirt, mud, grass, trees, and so on and so on. He taught basic sentences -- 'Jesus, our Lord and Savior, died for our sins,' and 'burn in hell heathen' to start with. The speed in which I was picking it up made him more enthusiastic. It helped the time pass by, at least.

However, it came to an abrupt end when the sun was at its highest. A scout came sprinting towards King Sigfred and Jarl Horrik, shouting, "The Franks have left their fortress! They march on the Saxons! The Saxons are pinned at the riverbank!"

"The plan worked!" King Sigfred shouted, urging his horse forward and nearly knocked over the scout that delivered the news. "Onward! To battle!" He shouted and Otto looked at me fearfully, not understanding what was going on. I didn't have time to explain to him because I found myself caught up in the surge of men that started to press forward.

The formation of the army rapidly changed as we continued to march forward with renewed enthusiasm. Before, we were a rough column with myself at the front, but despite the still dense forest we were surrounded by, we became a line. Otto fell back to the baggage train, along with the rest of the thralls, while I found myself marching at the head of the army. It took us some time to arrive, even with our increased pace. But, through the trees, I caught a glimpse of a clearing.

And men.

The Frankish army had their back towards us as they lined up. Fast Counter took a long few seconds to count them all up at six hundred men. Their line was primarily made of shields and spears, but I saw a thin line of archers standing before the spear wall as they rained arrows down on King Widukind's army, who weathered the arrows with the hopes that we would arrive soon.

"Stay with us, Siegfried," Jarl Horrik said as a horn blew to announce our arrival and for the army to step forward through the treeline. I saw the Frankish army shit itself the moment the horn rang out, the commander of the army whipping around and his expression one of absolute shock. "And watch. Battle is a very different thing when you aren't in the thick of it. So, sit and watch." 'And learn' went unsaid as our line formed up.

Unarmored men stood at the front of the frontline. They carried spears meant for throwing, shields and axes. Behind them, a solid wall of overlapped shields, almost preventing them from turning back and rejoining the safety of the shield wall. The archers at the back began to fire their shots at the Frankish army that started to shift to account for the new threat.

It was King Widukind that gave the order for the battle to start. The moment when the Frankish line was most disrupted, his force charged forward from their position. They sprinted across the clearing, slamming into the Frankish army and I saw the army of men bend in response. The line didn't just melt like I thought it would. The Saxons didn't carve a line either. They were like two objects slamming into each other and the Franks proved the softer of the two.

The Norse army surged forward, the troops at the front hit the half-formed spear wall to greater effect. I saw men being cut down, if not picked off by Frank archers. The rest of the army arrived a few seconds after, catching the Franks in the rear and they were completely enveloped.

Echoes of shouts and screams reached our ears as we watched the battle from afar. The lines of the battle shifted like sand -- the Franks would push out one way and were pushed back in another. I saw spears break, axes rise and fall. It was absolutely nothing like I thought it would be like. There were no individual battles. Not really. The clear lines of Franks, Norsemen and Saxons were never lost, they just shifted one way when pressed or another when they pressed.

I looked for signs of something that would end the battle early, like opening the gates had at the fortress. A maneuver of some kind that would make the enemy realize that the battle had been lost. It was a lot harder to find than when we were attacking a fortress, especially when I didn't really know what I was looking for. If I was in the battle, would it be enough to break through their line? If I killed their commander, who I saw barking orders once or twice, fighting with his men?

How did one decisively win a battle? The answer wasn't clear, no matter how much I watched.

It also lasted for a lot longer than I thought it would. I watched the battle closely, trying to pick out people like King Widukind, or my Father or brothers, but it was just a sea of people as far as I could tell. I thought that when the Franks saw that they were completely surrounded, they would break -- either surrender or make a push out at a focused point. Instead, I sat on the horse for a solid two hours before the commander of the Frank army tore off his cloak and began to wave it back and forth from atop of a horse, a gesture of surrender.

Horns were blown on the Saxon and Norse sides as the fighting just seemed to slowly stop over the course of a long minute. The Franks began tossing down their weapons, though plenty still kept them at the ready in case the fighting continued. And just like that, the battle was over.

"It's different," I agreed, breaking hours of silence. It was so very different. Battles lasted hours. There was a give and take to it. The solidness of the line was important. As was having several lines because I watched as the Franks shifted out their front line when their men began to tire. Our side didn't do that.

If the Franks hadn't surrendered, then the battle could have gone on for another two hours. If not longer.

King Sigfred nodded, "It is. What would you have done differently?" He asked me, his tone blunt as he looked at me. For a moment, I floundered, not really knowing. An actual pitched battle was so different than what I imagined that I'm not sure if my ideas had any merit. But, after that moment, I found my voice.

"Leave them with a way to escape?" I said, though it came out more as a question. "There's no creature in the world that will fight harder than a cornered rat. But, give it a way to escape, and it will always flee." I said, earning a thoughtful noise from Jarl Horrik.

"Then we would have let them regroup," he pointed out, but not if we pursued. I didn't respond to that -- my experience playing Hnefatafl had done nothing to prepare me for this. I might have a milestone in tactics, yet this battle proved just how little I actually knew. It had completely changed how I looked at actual warfare.

I was thankful for the opportunity.

However, that thankfulness slowly turned into regret when I watched the wounded being dragged away. Because of my Father's size and his hair, I was able to pick him out at last… and it was then that I noticed that he was carrying someone with an expression of despair on his face.

I knew right then that I had just lost another brother.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,310 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 5, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Blood Feud
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 12, 2022
Add bookmark
#962
We lost about eighty men. Which seemed like so few in comparison to the battle there had been. There were another hundred that had been wounded, some of which were expected to die of their wounds. But, the battle was being celebrated as a great victory. The garrison at Sigiburg had surrendered when King Sigfred sent a thousand warriors as a show of force, meaning that in a handful of days, we had taken both forts.

King Widukind already set off to spread news of the victory to the Saxon nobles, expecting a large number of them to cast off their Frankish chains.

The little I knew about war told me that things were going well. Incredibly well. The army was in high spirits -- the standoffish air between the factions of the army eased significantly now they had fought side by side, bled and killed with each other. There were celebrations and sacrifices…

Yet, it felt like I had the entirety of the sky crushing down upon me as I looked at the funeral pyres. There were several that were dotted across the field of battle a day after our victory. Father stood before me, a torch in his hand as the priests prayed to the gods to welcome his hall for all those that perished in the battle.

Kirk was laid upon the pyre, his axe and shield in his hands. His face was bloodless, his eyes closed in death. He had his own pyre, a symbol of honor for my family. I couldn't see it from where I stood, but I knew the wound that had killed him. A slash across the throat.

"He was right next to me," Havi whispered as we said our farewells to another older brother. "We were side by side… trying to get to the Franks… then he was just not there anymore. I didn't realize until later, when I started to look for him, but…" Havi trailed off in a quiet voice, shedding no tears but there was a powerful sadness in his voice.

I heard the story already. I inspected the wound. There was only one conclusion I could come to. "Our brother was murdered," I spoke, earning a small nod of Havi's head.

The attack had come from behind. Havi was adamant that it couldn't have been the Franks that killed him because he admitted to never actually seeing a Frank on the battlefield. The wall of bodies had been too thick for him to reach the front of the battle.

Someone had slit my brother's throat from behind. The slash was too long and deep to be anything other than a deliberate and malicious act of murder.

"We have to avenge his death," Havi said, earning a nod from me. Vengeance was a sacred task -- if someone murdered a member of your kin, you were honorbound to kill them in return. Whoever they might be. Whoever had murdered our brother might have been repaying a previous death my family had inflicted on theirs. My father had more than a few blood feuds with other clans -- some he started, others he inherited. But, even if they were repaying a death, the death of Kirk demanded an answer.

We would kill whoever murdered our brother. No matter who he was. No matter where he was. No matter why he did it. They would die… and they would die screaming.

"We all have our fated day," Father spoke, his voice sad as he stepped forward when the priests finished their prayers. "I had hoped mine would come before I saw another of my children fall. But, take heart -- Kirk is feasting with the gods in Valhalla now. He is with his ancestors, trading their stories."

Havi offered a feeble smile, "Kirk will be happy to see Ulf again," he said, speaking of our dog that had died of old age years ago. All trusted dogs were welcomed in Valhalla. They were more welcomed than men -- because dogs were always faithful and dependable.

"He's happier than we are," I finished, agreeing with them, watching as Father took the torch to the pyre, the kindling quickly catching a flame that began to spread and grow. I watched as the body of my brother was consumed with flames, the clearing filled with the stench of burnt hair and smoke, but no one said anything about it. We all stood in silence, watching the flames consume Kirk -- I couldn't speak for the others, but I recalled memories of him.

We hadn't been very close. Not until the past six months on the farmstead. Kirk was like Haldur -- not so much older than me he saw me as a baby brother, but old enough that he thought he was too old to play with me growing up. The number of times he had earned a smack from Mother whenever he was forced to play with me probably outnumbered the size of our army.

But he had been my brother. I loved him. Fate was cruel to take him away from our family. Especially by some nithing that murdered him. Yet, I could do nothing to change it. I simply had to accept that Kirk was in Valhalla, feasting and being merry with the gods, happier than he ever had been in life. We would have to do wonderous deeds in life to impress him when we saw each other again… as well as pay his murder in full with blood.

There were many in the clearing, but there was only the sound of cackling flames. The fire leapt higher, sending up black oily smoke to the night sky. As time went on, the fire died down, as the pyre began to collapse on itself when the blackened logs weakened. It took an hour, but in that time, all that was left were blackened bones and ash. The bones were collected by my father, which would be brought home to the grave on our property for burial.

Father was the first to walk away, and Havi walked with him. I offered Kirk's pyre one final look before I turned around and walked back to the camp. At my family's area, I saw Otto. The cross he carried was secured in my trunk, and he almost appeared naked without it. Instead, he had taken some sticks and twine from his clothing to fashion another, if less impressive, cross. He looked up at me, pausing his prayer.

"I… am sorry for your loss," Otto told me as I dragged a hand over my face, taking a seat on my bedroll. "I did not know your brother, but I… I prayed for him. He did not know the light of God, but that was through no fault of his own. I hope our heavenly father will welcome him into heaven."

I laid down, turning my back to him as I swallowed a retort. "I'll thank you for the prayers in the spirit that they are given, but my brother is in Valhalla. With all of my ancestors and kin. Not your heaven." I snapped at him without meaning to, my voice growing harsh. I could hear Otto wilt behind me, but I said nothing.

Instead, I closed my eyes to sleep and hoped I would not dream. Not when the gods themselves had given me a quest.

Avenge your brother. ​

…

The army decided to march, to seize the opening that we had made. King Widukind seemed to be finding support based on what I overheard -- no one mentioned solid numbers, but it was enough that Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred decided to advance into Frankish territory unsupported by the Saxons, who would simply rejoin us at a later date. The food stores from the two fortresses were plundered for the army, allowing us to not worry about food for a time.

However, while it was decided that we would march into Frankish territory, the two leaders of the army had very different ideas. King Sigfred slammed a hand on the table inside his tent, "We will go to the city of the Franks. King Widukind spoke about Frankfort a great deal at my court -- he claimed it was the greatest prize of the Frank kingdom. A Christian church on every street and the city is full of wealth!"

Jarl Horrik snarled, slamming his hands on the table hard enough that a tankard was knocked over. "We should march to the great river! The border cities will expect our attack and be prepared. What they won't be prepared for is a deep strike at the heart of the kingdom beyond the great river."

"Do you fear the Franks, you coward? Have you no stomach for a fight?!" King Sigfred snapped, spit flying from his lips as he stood up. Jarl Horrik turned a deep shade of red, shaking at the insult. Any sign of civility between them was lost as they butted heads for the better part of an hour. "Your plan leaves us behind a large river with no ships days away from reinforcements, fool!"

"Yours will end with men dead for no more reason than foolish vanity! We are here to win a war, not just to raid!" He snapped, smacking the contents of the table off with enough force I was nearly struck with a tankard of ale. I shifted where I stood at the opening of the tent, glancing around at the other men watching the confrontation. Despite the flaring tempers, everyone was at ease for the most part.

Thorfinn glowered at King Sigfred, while King Sigfred's guard scowled at Thorfinn. There were others, but they looked unconcerned about weapons being drawn.

"Which is why we should attack Frankfort! It is a great city filled with many men! It is a staging point for Charlgmane and a place where he can marshal his armies. If we move inland, it will be a dagger in our side," King Sigfred snarled, grabbing the table itself and flinging it to the side. Now people started to appear concerned.

I had no clue what we should do. Jarl Horrik's plan sounded dangerous but rewarding. King Sigfred's sounded like it would cost the most men, but it would be a far greater prize and help us in the war. But, I just didn't know enough. How big of a city was Frankfort? Where was it? Why was it so important? Between the two battles we had, we lost over a hundred fighting men. If Frankfort was another fortress, perhaps a greater one than the two we took already, then how many men would it take?

Could we even take it?

I didn't know. And it was clear just how little I knew.

"If we cannot make a decision, then we must consult the gods," Jarl Horrik said, his hands clenched so tightly that his knuckles were white. It seemed like it was taking everything that he had not to reach over and strangle King Sigfred. The King's nostrils flared as he jerked his head in a nod, consenting to the idea. "My seer shall ask the gods what shall be done."

However, to that, King Sigfred sneered, "My seers shall ask." He bit out and Jarl Horrik trembled with anger.

"You dare of accusing me of lying? About the gods intentions?!" Jarl Horrik shouted, turning such a dark shade of red that he was almost purple.

I looked between them, slowly growing tenser as it looked increasingly likely that the argument would escalate to blows any second now. King Sigfred worked his jaw for a moment, as if biting back his initial retort.

"We shall both ask them. If they come back with different answers, then it is clear one of us is a dishonest, honorless, godless piece of filth," King Sigfred snarled, turning around with a flap of his cloak before he marched out of the command tent. Jarl Horrik snarled, kicking the table that was tossed to the side and reducing one of its legs to splinters. His chest heaved as King Sigfred's followers left the tent.

"His insults can't be allowed to stand, father! They're worthy of a Holmgang," Thorfinn said, rounding on his father, only to be roughly shoved on his ass. Jarl Horrik towered over his son, rage in his eyes, and for a moment, I thought he might take his anger out on his son.

Instead, he took in a deep breath and let out a frustrated sigh, "I know, you empty-headed fool. I know. Why, do you think, do I suffer his insults? Hm?" Jarl Horrik demanded, making Thorfinn's mouth open, but no answer came. I felt like I shouldn't be here, witnessing this. This wasn't something that should be seen by anyone other than family. Thorfinn was being humiliated and based on his reddening cheeks, he knew it. "Because HE HAS MORE MEN! Think before you speak, boy. Gods, to believe a whelp like you is my son." He spat before storming off, saying nothing more.

There was a heavy silence in the tent as all of us tried to look anywhere but at Thorfinn, who rose to his feet. Despite my efforts, I ended up meeting his gaze for a moment, the older man was either on the verge of tears or murderous rage. "OUT!" He screamed at me, then grabbed a thrall that had been attending Jarl Horrik and shoved her out of the tent. "Everyone, OUT!"

I quickly obeyed the order, stepping out of the tent and marching on. I looked at the faces of the people that discreetly watched the tent, and I wondered if any of them had murdered my brother. Father was looking around, seeing if anyone that our family had a blood feud with had attended the army, but so far it didn't seem like it.

While the men were getting along much better, the leadership of the joint army was at each other's throats. I made my way back to my family tent, Otto praying to himself. Upon entering, he quickly finished the prayer.

I was making great speed when it came to speaking Frankish. Latin, less so, but I suspected that was because Otto himself didn't know the language very well. I already knew two tongues, and it seemed that learning a third wouldn't take half as long as it took to learn Germanic. We moved beyond just words, speaking sentences and teaching descriptors. My mastery of the language increased over the march and coming days, bringing me from speaking the tongue poorly to nearly fluent.

The gods gave their verdict. And both leader's seers were in agreement -- we would head to the city of Frankfort.

Jarl Horrik swallowed his fury. Barely. And King Sigfred couldn't conceal his glee.

"I am sorry to hear of the death of your brother, Siegfried," King Sigfred told me one day as we marched. We sent out scouts ahead -- both to find the city of Frankfort and to make sure that we didn't run into an army. They found several villages, which were plundered, and they gave us a bearing.

"Murder," I corrected, unable to find myself in a good mood since his death. I understood that I couldn't have saved him. It was Kirk's fate to die that day. It wouldn't have mattered if I was next to him or not. Fate could and would not be denied. Not by me, not by the gods. Still, it didn't make it any easier. I had done nothing but watched the battle while my brother had been murdered. That just didn't sit well with me.

King Sigfred shifted at my tone, giving me a glance as we marched forward. "Murdered, then. You will have my aid in finding his murderer -- I will hear of nothing less. An honorless creature walks among us. It must be slain."

I nodded my thanks, but I didn't know where to start with looking for the murderer. "They will likely go after my family again. I hope they target me, next," I told him -- I had been purposely leaving myself vulnerable since the days of the march. Sleeping with the tent open, or on my own. Bathing at every lake and river we came upon. Anything to tempt the murderer to strike. "I'm going to blood eagle them. Them and their conspirators," I muttered darkly to myself.

King Sifgred nodded, expecting nothing less. "If it is an old feud then they could be taking the opportunity to prevent your family's ascension. If not, then it's likely a jealous clan." He spoke, his tone serious. I tensed at his words, clenching my jaw. "It is not your fault, Wolf-Kissed. It is the nature of men. They covet what they do not have. When they see someone rise, they seek to tear him down."

And my brother had been a casualty to that… jealousy? Envy?

When I got my hands on Kirk's murderer…

"My King! We have caught sight of the city!" A scout informed, urging King Sigfred to gallop forward. I was quick to follow behind him, curious to see where we would be attacking. The terrain shifted almost by the day -- sometimes we marched over long rolling hills, then through marshy areas because of all the small rivers, then through dense forest. And sometimes a combination of all the above.

We rode to the top of a hill, and off in the distance, I saw the city of Frankfort. The first thing that I noticed, even at a distance, was that it was an even greater city than Alabu. It had a stone wall around it, but from the elevation, I saw the roofs of houses, seeing that a great many of them were made out of stone as well, and the city was so large that two or three of Alabu could fit neatly within the walls. It was seated on a hill, though a lower one in comparison to the ones around it or nearby.

However, I was also quick to notice something else. Outside of the walls were tents. A good number of them -- I couldn't see how many, exactly, there could be because of the angle, but the fact that they were there at all told me that we had stumbled on something else entirely.

"The walls are not high," King Sigfred noted, the eagerness that had been in his voice no longer there. "Winter just ended, and a city that size will have many mouths to feed." He sounded like he was trying to think the issue through, convincing himself that coming here was the correct course of action.

We found Frankfort, and from the looks of it, the Frankish army. It might still be marshaling, or it could be the entirety of their force. I had no way of telling. But, if I were them, I would take that army and take it inside the city. I had seen how much of a difference walls could make in a battle.

"They will take the field," King Sigfred stated, sounding confident. With that, he turned around and headed back to the army, leaving me to look at the city.

…

"We need to know their number," Jarl Horrik said, a deep frown on his face. "If their numbers are few, then they will enter the city and defend its walls. If they are many, then we should pull back -- the time was not lost. We know where their army is. However, if our numbers are comparable, then they will feel confident to take the field. They don't have the supplies for a siege -- but, that being said, a siege is the last thing that we want."

King Sigfred nodded at that, "It will announce our position to Charlemagne and give him the time he needs to muster his troops. The advantage we gained will be lost." He said, all their previous animosity forgotten as they focused on the common enemy that they had. "But, to know what they will do, we need their number."

"Regardless, I believe we should try to bait them out. Present a smaller force to convince them to fight, and when they leave the safety of their walls, we hit them with the full force of our might. We will need to pick our battleground -- use the river to our advantage and find a place to hide as many warriors that we need." Jarl Horrik spoke, stroking his beard in thought.

Thorfinn spoke up, "We have Saxons and Franks. Let's send them as spies," he said with visible hesitation, fearing his father's wrath. Jarl Horrik shook his head.

"No, we can't trust any of them to not turn on us. We don't know if they know that we're here, yet." He said, and I was finding that war was a lot of guessing and what ifs. The goal almost seemed to give your enemy more what ifs than they gave you, then hit them with what you had.

King Sigfred turned to me, "Wolf-Kissed, how serviceable is your Frankish?" He asked me, making the once again full command tent look towards me, expectantly.

"I'm not fluent, but I can hold a conversation easily enough," I answered, making Jarl Horrik's brow furrow.

"It's been a few days since you started, hasn't it?" He asked, sounding confused, as if couldn't tell if I was exaggerating or being honest.

"I float lazily through the air, yet I am busy. I love colorful flowers, yet I dwell inside when it snows. What am I?" King Sigfred asked me, and to my surprise, he was speaking Frankish. It didn't sound particularly fluent, not like Otto. Almost as if he had practiced the riddle.

I hated riddles. But, compared to the ones Morrigan was fond of, it was a simple one. "A bee?" I answered in Frankish, and King Sigfred nodded.

"He knows the language well. If he didn't get it, he was either lying, or a fool," he said, revealing that I had passed his test. Jarl Horrik looked impressed and Thorfinn looked away, hiding his expression from me. "Wolf-Kissed, you shall go to the enemy camp and learn their number. If possible, what they know about us and their destination. Report back as swiftly as you are able -- our position here is vulnerable."

I looked at Jarl Horrik, who looked like he was fighting to not glower at King Sigfred for giving me an order, before he looked at me and nodded. "Go," he ordered simply and I did exactly that.

My hair would mark me out, but the scar of my neck would draw too much attention. I was given a disguise -- Frankish clothing, a scarf to cover my neck, as well as a Frankish shield and spear -- weapons that a levy would be expected to bring with them. Before the day had ended, I was marching towards the city of Frankfort, approaching from a different angle than the army was encamped, which was moving up north, using the river as a guide.

I thought I would be nervous. Or scared. I was approaching an enemy army alone, with no backup. But, I was calm. Confident. If things went poorly, then I would just run away. There was no cowardice or dishonor in running when you were faced with an army on your own. Fate would not allow me to die. I was certain of it. If I had the favor of the gods -- who gave me a mission to avenge my brother's murder -- then there could be no doubt that I was fated to get that revenge. Meaning that I would not die in this task. My success was uncertain, but I would live.

As I approached, I began counting. First, I started counting tents. There were a lot, I found when I walked along the river, seeing a great number of them outside of the city. I also saw that the fortifications didn't envelope the city. They just had a strong wall that I noticed was crumbling and old, then they had a wood palisade to fill the gaps in the wall.

There was a clear entrance for the levies to enter from and I spotted a group heading towards the entrance. They looked to me as I made to join them, "Where are the rest of you?" A man asked me in Frankish, making my lips thin.

"They're gone," I answered shortly, both to keep the speaking to a minimum, and to kill any questions. The man whitened, assuming the worst. He and the other dozen men that joined him. I had asked Otto about the Frankish armies and he told me what he knew -- all villages that received the call to arms were expected to send a minimum amount of soldiers towards a designated location. In this case, Frankfort.

"Godless heathens," the man muttered, making the sign of the cross that I saw Otto do after every prayer. With that, I joined their group. We marched to the entrance where there were a group of men all wearing scale mail, carrying spears and shields. There was also a man sitting at a table -- a feather in hand as he scribbled something on a piece of parchment.

"Village and number?" The man asked, and I wished that I could read Frankish. It would be incredibly useful right now. All I would need to do is grab that paper and run, then I wouldn't need to stay and count men and tents.

"A dozen, and Hidenrod," the man I spoke to answered, taking off his hat and bowing respectively. The man writing nodded and let the men in. I, however, was stopped. The man writing glanced up at me, his eye quickly noting my hair color.

"One, Fulda," I lied, giving the name of a false village.

His eyes narrowed at that, "That is a Saxon village. One that is in revolt," He noted, his voice stern. It was? I hadn't known that. I went with a Saxon village because I hoped it would explain more distinctly not fluent Frankish. Then I could switch to Germanic, which I did speak fluently.

I shook my head, "I didn't know that, my lord. I just heard that this is where I should be if I want to fight Danes and traitors." I told him, making his lips purse. I tried to hide it, but I began to tense, not sure what I was doing wrong.

"What are the ten commandments?" The man asked me suddenly as the soldiers began to shift. I looked at them, then at him, before listing them out. In order. Otto's insistence on teaching me about the Glory of God might have just saved my mission. When I did so, he nodded, "Say grace," he ordered, and I did so again, only this time I had to use a few Germanic words because I worried I might mangle the Frankish translation. I don't think his God would hear my prayers. You had to mean them from the depths of your heart for the gods to hear them, at least that's what Mother says.

Upon saying Amen, the harsh look faded from his eyes. "Good. It is a good thing to see that some of your kind have managed to find the light of God. Enter. We'll put you in a tent that's missing someone."

Thanking the man, and entered the Frankish camp, I officially became a spy. The first thing I noticed was that it was organized chaos. There were clumps of tents together, a space, then more tents to make road-like gaps. Almost as if it was a village or town. Given that I hadn't been given a direction to go, I began to explore the camp, noting the men.

It looked very similar to our own camp, I noticed, but the Franks were more organized. As I explored, I learned that each tent was for a dozen men, though some had more and others had less. There were camp followers, those that did tasks for the soldiers so they could focus on fighting -- such as blacksmiths, carpenters, cooks, and so on.

Fast Counter made it easy to remember the total sum as I continued to stack more and more and more sums on top of it. I wandered the camp for the better part of two hours, doing nothing but counting tents. The number was getting higher and higher and higher to the point that my stomach was beginning to clench.

There were over three hundred tents, by my count as I made my way towards the city itself. Each with about twelve men was… a lot. A whole lot. It was an army that wasn't just equal to our own, but bigger. It was around then that I stumbled across the stables near the entrance of the city -- there were horses. So many horses. Some of them made our own look like ponies in comparison with their size and bearing.

Then it sunk in that I couldn't do the same method of counting of those that were inside the city of Frankfort. How many were within? Another few hundred? Another few thousand? It was big enough to house that number. They just had to come out.

I was so lost in the scope of the Frankish army that I was nearly trampled, my only warning being the baying of a horse. I looked over, ready to dodge out of the way, only to see that it wasn't needed. The person on the horse quickly brought the massive black stallion under control, looking down at me with faint annoyance.

He was an older man, though younger than my Father or Jarl Horrik. He had a long flowing beard that matched his mane of brown hair, his blue eyes staring down at me. He was dressed in fine clothing that was the nicest thing of clothing I had ever seen -- it was bejeweled and finely stitched. I knew exactly who I was looking at even before I looked up to see the band of gold that was his crown upon his head.

It seems the gods led us to the Frankish King himself, Charlemagne.

"You there, boy," he spoke to me, sounding regal. "Who are you?"

Oh. This wasn't good.

...

Since it keeps coming up, I'm going to go ahead and confirm this to put the matter to rest -- the closest Siegfried will be Christianized would be when the Pope declares him the ancestor of the Anti-Christ. He will not be converting to Christianity.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,267 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 12, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Introductions
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 19, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,007
For my entire life, I had only ever known the farm. That small village of Ivarstead that had less than thirty people, my immediate family. I had no grandparents to speak of. They had performed Ättestupa in their old age since they were unable to die in battle and to lessen the burden on their families. For my entire life, my life had been on the farm. And now, in a single year, I've met two kings. I've spoken to them. And, judging by the look that King Charlemagne was giving me if I didn't answer, I would be executed by one.

"Wilfred, my lord." I lied, using the name of the slave that I had spoken to on the first raid back. Charglmane appeared indifferent to my answer, but the same couldn't be said of those with the Frankish King. A richly dressed man on a horse snarled at me, bearing his teeth with the kind of anger that you would expect if I had cursed his ancestors.

"Kneel before your king, boy. He is no mere lord," He said, lashing out with the butt of the spear he carried in his hands that was topped with a flag that I couldn't see. I effortlessly dodged the blow, narrowing my eyes up at the richly dressed man who appeared even more infuriated.

"Don't," King Charlgmane said as the man urged his horse forward. The King leaned forward, peering at me with intelligent blue eyes. "Young Wilfred here will kill you without a thought," he stated with absolute confidence, making me incredibly self-conscious as more people took notice of us. Not to mention the fact that I had been thinking it would be a simple thing to dehorse him and kill him.

The man looked to his king with a stunned and disbelieving expression, "My king, surely you jest? He is a boy," he said, making King Charlgmane nod as he considered me.

"How old are you… Wilfred?" He asked me, making me shift. I didn't like how he said my name. It sounded like he knew it was a lie. I looked to him, considering the situation. No one was barring my way to escape yet, but the presence of the king was earning a lot of attention. If I did try to escape, there would be plenty of people to react.

"Fifteen, my… king?" I tried, earring a thin smile from King Charglmane.

He let out a small chuckle, "And how old are you really?" He asked, making me frown deeply. I had no clue what was giving me away. It was like he could see right through me, and in my position, that was a very bad thing.

"Thirteen," I admitted. He nodded, expecting nothing less while the other man glared down at me like I was something he had scraped off the bottom of his boot.

"I've spent most of my life at battle, Wilfred," He told me, his tone calm and even. "Always for the glory of God, but every year, my armies march on the enemies of the Lord -- heretics and heathens alike," he continued, his gaze drifting to look at the sky above, as if he could see his god up there. "There's a keen difference between a soldier and a warrior. For most of my levies, they would rather be at home, tending their sheep and getting their ears nagged off by their wives."

Then he looked down at me, "Then there are warriors. The battlefield is their home. Even when they till a field or milk a cow, they do not become farmers or shepherds. They are and always will be warriors -- a wolf in sheep's clothing, no matter how much they wish it might not be so. You, Wilfred, have the bearing of a warrior. You've been covered in so much blood, mud, and shit that the stench will never leave you." He offered a thin smile, "It's a terrible thing for you to suffer that at such a young age. It's a true mark of the barbarism of your homeland."

Every trace of moisture in my mouth left as I became incredibly aware of my position, my heart sinking to my stomach like a stone. There was no way he could know that. Absolutely none. Yet, he knew. Either his god told him… or someone did.

King Charlemagne had a spy. A spy that told him of our intentions before we had even arrived. Of the plan before it had even been brought to Jarl Horrik. There was no other way to explain why he would have such a large army assembled so quickly.

This entire war was a trap.

"You wanted the Saxons to rebel," I realized, dropping all pretenses. King Charlemagne seemed surprised, but not displeased.

"I did. The Saxons are stubborn. Perhaps the most stubborn race of men I have ever encountered. Because of it, they will never bend. They must break however many times I need to break them until they learn to submit." He admitted, considering me for a moment. "Information is as important in war as men and swords. Just as I know you are Siegfried Wolf-Kissed, son of Erik. They say you are already a great warrior that fights with the strength of ten men. I also know that you only started learning Frankish days ago, and you have a priest captive that has been teaching you about our lord and savior, Jesus Christ."

Who? Who could it possibly be? Otto? No, that didn't make sense. He just prayed, and when he wasn't, he was teaching me. No one was coming to mind. Did I not know them?

"How high did you get?" He asked me suddenly, his tone triumphant, knowing that he had me at his mercy. My grip on my spear tightened as I glanced at the man, who looked down at me with far more caution. It was also obvious what he was asking.

"Three hundred and twenty tents," I told him, and he seemed impressed. I could kill him. I would suffer for it, but I could kill him. And the noble man next to him. If I ran, I might escape, and if I swam across the river… I knew where the army was going. If I could make it to them, then I could survive. Was it worth it? "Whose your spy?"

He found the question funny, "What good is a known spy? However, I will tell you this," King Chaglmane said, leaning forward. "The spy that told me that you would be here asked that I capture and execute you." He informed me and my blood started to go hot. Someone was targeting my family.

I grit my teeth, knowing deep in my gut that his spy was the same one that had murdered my brother. Who? Who? Who could it be? If he told him that I would be here…

King Sigfred. He is the one that pushed for us to come here. For me to spy on the Franks had been his idea. He kept me on that hill to watch the battle so I couldn't interfere while he had some cutthroat murder my brother. It was him. It all made sense. Was this a ploy against Jarl Horrik? Did he want to kill me and my family, robbing Jarl Horrik of powerful warriors?

I grit my teeth so hard they threatened to shatter in my mouth, the wood of my spear straining under my grip until there was a fatal crack in the shaft. I trembled with rage as I looked up at King Charlgmane, and I barely noticed that he no longer wore that slight smile that told him he had won. Now, he seemed to realize he was in stabbing distance of a proclaimed great warrior. An utterly furious great warrior that was going to bathe in the blood of my brother's killers.

His horse shifted, as if sensing my murderous intent. King Charlemagne quickly recovered, "I have no need to kill you, and I am not wont to do the bidding of a heathen. You may go in peace, Siegfried Wolf-Kissed. Tell your leaders what you saw here. Tell them that an army of eight thousand marches upon them. If they value their lives, they will leave this place and never step foot on my shores. If you choose to stay, I shall send every single one of you to the depths of hell."

I met his gaze for a moment longer before I offered him a slow nod, "Thank you, King Charlemagne," I told him. I was being allowed to leave. I… he had to gain something from the action, but I was too angry to think. I didn't care if Sigfred was a king -- he was a corpse with a heartbeat as far as I was concerned. He died right now. The time that it took until I killed him was just a formality.

"A life for a life, Siegfried. The priest named Otto -- you will free him," he said, and I guess that's what he wanted.

I reached out and clasped on the armband near my elbow, "In the name of the gods, I swear to you that Otto will be freed. May Thor strike me down now should these words be a lie," I said, making the King's lips thin. He didn't care for any gods except for his own, it seemed. It would be a shame to lose Otto before I mastered Frankish and Latin, but a debt owed was a debt owed.

"I shall take the vow in the spirit it is given. Now, leave my camp."

…

My head felt like it was in a fog as I made my way to the army with all haste, wary of the Frankish King changing his mind after the deal was made. King Sigfred had murdered my brother. He gave the order. He arranged it. This entire war was a farce and a trap -- beyond my need for revenge, I had to warn Jarl Horrik. He had to know what King Sigfred had planned. I knew he suspected it, but I doubted that he suspected that the vile king would go so far as ally himself with the Franks.

I entered the camp, my feet carrying me to my destination and I only saw that it was to the command tent when I was about to enter. My blood felt hot in my veins, and then the gods gave me a quest.

Quest: Kill King Sigfred.
Reward: Large amount of Prestige.​

I was on my way to do exactly that when I felt a hand grip my shoulder. I whipped around, baring my teeth in a snarl, only to see that it was Jarl Horrik. There was a deep frown on his face and his forehead was creased with worry lines. "Come with me, lad," he said in a solemn tone, leading me away from the command tent, and I swear I could hear Sigfred within. My heartbeat thundered in my ears, equaling the might of thunder of Thor toiling away on his anvil.

Jarl Horrik led me to his personal tent, sat me down, and it was only when I looked down at my hands that I saw they were trembling with rage. "King Sigfred betrayed us," I spoke, hearing myself speak, but it felt like the words didn't come from me. "He's working with the Frankish King. King Charlemagne told me as much. He knew too much about me for him to be telling lies."

I heard Jarl Horrik take in a deep breath as I stared at my trembling fists with white knuckles. "Aye, I suspected as much," he said, making my gaze snap up to him and it was only then that I noticed that he was sitting across from me, offering a cup of mead. I took it with some hesitation, and Jarl Horrik continued, "I've known since the beginning that King Sigfred plans to use this war to usurp me. Cutting a deal with the Franks only makes sense -- if I were him… I'd make a deal for everything east of the Elba river. Natural point of defense, and the land is too poor to go further beyond that."

He knew? Jarl Horrik nodded to himself, as if he heard my silent question, "King Sigfred has been my enemy for many years, Siegfried. I know how he thinks. I can't even remember the number of times he's tried to usurp my Jarlship from me," he told me, taking a sip of his own mead as he suddenly appeared much older. "I imagine it's near the number of times I've tried to have him killed or deposed," he admitted before taking a long gulp.

"What are we going to do? He- I think he's responsible for the murder of my brother," I told him, my gaze dropping to my cup of mead. The cup threatened to snap in my double-fisted grip.

"We must be cautious, Siegfried. I understand your desire for justice for your brother, but the fact of the matter is that Sigfred is a king. It is not so simple to challenge him and take your justice," he told me, and I turned my glare to him. "I have a plan that is already in play that will allow us to achieve both of our goals -- you, to kill Sigfred… and myself, to gain his kingdom."

Despite the heavy cloud of anger that seemed to fill my head, I found myself surprised. Jarl Horrik chuckled, "Don't look so surprised. I covet his kingdom as much as he covets my city. Just as this is an opportunity for him to depose me, it's an opportunity for me to depose him." He leaned in closely, "King Sigfred will suffer a tragic loss of men in the coming days. Such a loss will weaken his claim to the throne, and I shall use that opportunity to appeal to his men that I am a better candidate to follow."

It went both ways, I realized. Both of them were plotting against each other. I don't even think they cared about the Franks or the Saxons. This was just a chance to put an end to their feud.

And I didn't care. I was glad, even. It meant that I could get my vengeance on King Sigfred.

"What do I have to do?" I asked him, making a wide smile appear on Jarl Horrik's face. He reached out and placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder.

"Do as you have been -- make a name for yourself. It's one thing for an unknown warrior to accuse a king of murder, but it is a very different thing when a well-known and well-respected warrior does it. Win further glory. Ensure that everyone in this army knows your name and recognizes you by sight. Then, when you make your accusation, it will be treated with the weight it deserves." Jarl Horrik instructed, and I nodded, finding that made sense. "When the time is right, and all is in place, I shall give you a signal to make your accusation."

I nodded, liking this plan. Actually, no, it involved waiting. I didn't like it. At all. In fact, I hated it. I wanted to walk into the command tent and blood eagle the king for the murder of my brother. Yet, I could see the wisdom in Jarl Horrik's words. "What about the Frank army? They had three hundred tents that I counted. He said that he had an army of eight thousand."

Jarl Horrik's lips thinned at the number, but he nodded all the same. "That is more than I had hoped for. But, it changes nothing. A plan is in place. You just have to trust your role in it."

"I will, Jarl Horrik."

…

The armies were split. Thankfully. It was an easy thing to claim I could keep my anger in check, but if I had to be in sight of King Sigfried, then I would kill him. Rage burned in my chest like a fire, heating my blood until it boiled at the mere thought of him. It was a deeper, more sinister anger than I had ever felt before. It felt like my mind wasn't my own anymore, as if some spirit had bewitched me, but the gods would have warned me if that was the case.

No, my rage was my own. King Sigfred's betrayal fanned the flames into a forest fire that couldn't be contained. Only channeled until it burnt itself out.

The plan was to force the Franks to split their army as well. King Sigfred's army of two thousand began to cross the Rhine river en masse. The river was wide and deep, but with some on the other side, a rope was connected to make the crossing easier. We were forced to do it on the march, but in a day's time, King Sigfred was on the other side of the Rhine.

The Frankish king could either split his forces, and chase after us both, or he could consolidate and crush one army. However, the latter left the remaining army unchecked and free to pillage and move on. Our scouts kept a close eye on the Frankish army, and eventually, we saw him moving men over to the other side of the Rhine. By my count, he moved three thousand men to the other side to give chase to King Sigfred.

The action revealed his deception because only two thousand gave chase to us. Both armies were still outnumbered, which wasn't great, but with the intention of using the terrain in our favor, Jarl Horrik seemed confident. I almost wish that I didn't have Tell Spotter to see that he lied about our chances, meaning they were more dire than he let on.

As we marched along the Rhine, half of the Frank army pursuing us to do battle, Jarl Horrik spotted the place where we would fight -- there was a small village nestled on the bank of the river on a plot of flat land, but it quickly gave way to steep hills that were covered in spruce and pine trees. He gave the order for the village to be ransacked, both for food, and more importantly wood. Wagons, furniture, a plow, and even the homes themselves were demolished. The wood was taken up the hill where Jarl Horrik gave the order to prepare a barricade.

Not to our front, but to secure our right flank. The left was secured by a hill that was so steep that Jarl Horrik was convinced that they wouldn't approach from it -- calling it a fool's errand. The barricade was put up on our right, so if any warrior that made it to the top of the hill would have to crawl over the barricade, slowing them down immensely. Our front and backs were left open, but our front was presented to the river and the base of the hill where the army would face us.

"The Franks fight on horses instead of on the ground, like men," Father said, handing me my axes. I didn't wear armor. My body was smeared with pigments -- dark blues and reds while soot was smudged around my eyes. I checked their edges and nodded as he continued, "Careful of their charges. The hill will kill the worst of it, but getting trampled is a bad way to die. I've seen it. Happened to one of my brothers -- though, that was him getting kicked by a horse… still, a bad way."

"I'll be fine," I told him, giving a slight smile that didn't feel too feeble. "I'm more worried about you and Havi. Look after him -- Kirk's murderer might still be in the army," I said as Father brought his forehead down to press against mine.

"Let me worry about that, Siegfried. Vengeance is my duty. You focus on surviving the battle," He told me, clapping me on the shoulder and pulling away. I didn't argue with him. I didn't want our final words to be an argument. So, instead, I nodded. Looking to Havi as he approached, he didn't hesitate to bring me up in a hug.

"Be safe, little brother," he told me, letting go after one last squeeze that I returned. Returning the words to him, I reluctantly broke away from my family and headed towards the back of the formation. I pushed through the wall of bodies that formed a short line. Jarl Horrik was trusting the barricade and the hill to prevent us from being overwhelmed by their superior numbers.

I slid my axes into my belt and accepted a bow and arrow from someone at the back when I stepped up on a platform to allow us to fire over our army. We had the advantage of the hill to give us the extra range and to protect our few archers and skirmishers. There weren't that many of us. Probably not more than a hundred.

Stepping on the crate, I saw the Frankish army that was positioned near the river. They set their camp at where the village had been, and they formed up. And, the next time I tried to imagine how many people the city of Alabu was, I was going to think of the Frankish army before me. They had a long line of infantry, all with shields and spears. I also learned that they used seaxs for close quarters from my time in their camp. Their archers were in front of them, and off to the side, I saw their cavalry, as Father called them.

Hundreds of men on horses, evenly divided on two sides. I swept my gaze over them all, letting Fast Counter do its work… two thousand and five hundred men in total. I spotted the man that had been with King Charlgmane at the back of the army with a few dozen others, all of them wearing scaled hauberks and other armor. They had swords at their hips as well. Signs of their wealth and honor.

For a minute, we stood across from one another, two hundred paces separating us, but it was all uphill for them. I could feel the tension forming between us, growing thicker by the second. This would be my first pitched battle. I understood my role. Jarl Horrik told me what needed to be done, and I had ample motivation to do it. This battle would determine the war, he had said to everyone.

If we won here, if we crushed the Franks despite the odds, then we could go to the rescue of the other army. The issue was that we were fighting at near three to one odds. But, the goal was to drive them off. We had the hill.

There was a horn blast and I nocked my first arrow. I would prefer a sling, but the distance was too much for me to be accurate. Another short horn blast told us to take aim and Projectile Prediction saw its first use -- I saw white dots fill my vision that were attached with near-invisible white lines from the enemy bows that were being aimed in our direction. Just as I saw my own marker, which was colored blue. It responded to my aim, adjusting with the wind and my grip.

I aimed high, lining the arrow up with the eye of a Frank archer. I didn't know him, and I did not wish him ill, but on this day we were enemies. And he would die for it.

A third horn blast sounded and I released the arrow, watching as it leapt from my bow. I saw the feathers that marked it nearly disappear in a flurry of arrows, three times as many flying at us as there were flying at the enemy. My arrow rose high, higher than the others, before dropping down low, sailing through the air until it struck exactly where the dot said it would -- in his left eye.

He hit the ground and the screaming began on both sides as the man next to me dropped, an arrow protruding through his chest. He gargled, trying to push the blood back into him, but he knew he was dead. My lips thinned as I nocked another arrow, taking aim once more, before firing. Again, my arrow found the eye of another archer, killing him. The Franks released a second volley, filling the air with the wizzing of arrows and I noticed that one of the trails was marked red.

Moving my head, I narrowly avoided taking an arrow to the throat. That was useful. This skill truly was a blessing from the gods. There was no doubt about it. I might have just died without it. Taking a deep breath, I fired another arrow, the volleys on our side breaking apart as we all began taking individual shots. Letting it loose, I killed another archer. Then another. And another.

I survived another volley, but I had to lean out of the way of two separate arrows. The archers on our side were being picked off. I think the Franks were having the worse of it, but it didn't matter because they had a lot more archers than us. At a count, they had about three hundred of them. Accepting it for what it was, I fired quickly, no longer waiting until it lined up with their eyes. The archers were lightly armored, so getting them in the chest was enough to drop them.

I worked down the line, dropping man after man as fast as I could. As soon as the arrow was on my bow, I fired it at the enemy. Each kill was one fewer archer that we had to deal with. Yet, despite my efforts, the enemy sent volley after volley and the dent I made in their numbers couldn't be felt at all. Arrows rained down from the sky, and though we were protected by the hill and being placed behind the army, I found myself becoming increasingly alone with each volley from the enemy.

My hand dipped down to the quiver, only to find it empty. "I need arrows!" I shouted, looking around for the first time to see just how many of us had fallen. Some had a good dozen arrows sticking out of them. My lips thinned as I jumped off the platform I was on and grabbed a quiver that only had a few missing arrows. Jumping back up, I just narrowly avoided getting hit with another volley.

In no time at all, the quiver was empty once again and I tossed it aside, yet still more arrows rained down upon us. The men in front of me carried their shields above their heads, every single one of them filled with arrows. As I watched, an arrow struck the shield, the planks of the wood splintering, and the arrow punched through his forearm. He grunted, hissing in pain before picking up a spare shield at his feet and using it instead with the help of the men next to him.

The ground was becoming littered with them to the point it was becoming difficult to walk. Yet, I still grabbed another quiver and for a third time, I emptied it. Each arrow was a man dead. As I stood on the platform, I saw Franks pick up their bows and resumed firing. I watched another volley descend from the sky and it slowly began to sink in.

The Franks had absolutely no intention of marching up the hill. They would whittle us down with arrows until there was absolutely nothing left of us. Despite the huge advantage in numbers, they were being cautious. They wouldn't risk the losses they would take to attack a fortified position. And they shouldn't. Not when they could fire upon us, killing our already lesser numbers, until we either charged or fled.

Jarl Horrik had picked too good of a field of battle and the Frank commander was too cautious.

Something had to change. "Jarl Horrik! Jarl Horrik!" I shouted, pushing through the men. The Jarl would be at the front of the army and hopefully he was okay. Another volley fell upon the men, an arrow nearly pinning my foot to the ground if I didn't see the red line. "Jarl Horrik!"

"Wolf-Kissed! Get over here!" I heard Jarl Horrik scream nearby, giving me a direction to go. Continuing to push through the army, my eyes widened when I saw the Jarl -- his shield was overhead, and his Hird was offering their shields to help cover him, but there was an arrow sticking out of his shoulder. It pierced the chainmail that he wore, blood soaking his sleeve.

"They won't attack," I told him as another volley fell upon us. I heard the splintering of shields -- each arrow weakened the planks and after a dozen volleys, they were crumbling apart like bread. Jarl Horrik glowered at me, angry, but it was directed at the Franks.

"Cowards! The lot of them! They fear us like a wolf at their door so they quiver in fear!" He shouted, trying to rally the men in earshot.

They were cowards. There was no honor in the way they were fighting. "We have to attack them," I voiced my opinion, and only then did it dawn on me I had told a Jarl what to do. Something that was not lost on him either, but he seemed to choose to ignore it.

"Aye, before we lose too many men," Jarl Horrik said, so I had told him nothing that he wasn't already thinking. He looked to me, "Will you lead that charge? They outnumber us badly. The men need to see that the gods favor us."

Quest: Inspire the men
Reward: Large amount of Prestige and Piety.

I accepted the quest from the Jarl and the gods, "I will!" I agreed, giving him a nod that he returned. "Get ready to follow," I said, pushing forward as I grabbed my axes at my belt. I pushed through a line of three men until I stood at the front of the army. I saw the hill was littered with arrows and the archers were nocking another volley to their bows. Despite it, I strode forward unafraid, knowing that the gods watched over me.

Then I witnessed it. The archers unleashed another volley that I watched fly from their bows, flying high before they began to drop upon us.

Yet, not one of the arrow markers were red. None of them would strike me. I invited them to try, spreading my arms out wide, an axe in each hand. Hundreds of arrows fell upon myself and the army, I even felt the feathers of an arrow brush against my skin as they landed around me with dull thuds. None struck me as the gods foresaw.

I turned my back to the Franks to look at the army behind me and from behind their shields filled with arrows, I saw looks of awe. Of disbelief. I had earned renown and respect with the previous battle, but this went a step beyond it. I knew I succeeded in my mission based on a familiar ping in my ears, but I had a mission of my own.

Jarl Horrik said to make sure that the army knew me so my accusations against King Sigfred would carry weight.

So, I introduced myself.

"I. AM. SIEGFRIED THE WOLF-KISSED!" I screamed at the top of my lungs, emptying them of breathe as my voice carried over the hill, bringing my name to every ear. For the army before me and behind me. "The gods want us to win this battle! Tyr and Thor are with us! We cannot lose! Do you want to disappoint the gods?!"

Jarl Horrik pushed his way to the front of the line, which I hadn't thought was the plan. "We will win the day! Charge! Charge, damn you all!" He shouted, and his men leaped to obey the command. I pivoted, turning on my heels as I turned to face the army that was quickly reacting to our breaking of ranks to surge forward.

As promised, I led the charge down the hill.

I could only pray that it would be enough to win the day.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,277 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 19, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Making Friends
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 26, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,117
The Franks roared at me as I neared, their spears braced, their shields up, and their formation ready to rebuff us. With the army charging down the hill, the screams from thousands of men filling the air until it seemed to shake with the force of it, I struck the first blow by slicing the head off a spear before slamming into the formation with a Power Attack. I saw the Frankish man scream as my axe shattered his shield like rotten timber, the edge of my axe digging into his body in a slash that destroyed his chainmail and cut deep into his ribs. I saw him, but the melee was so loud, I couldn't hear him.

I dove into the formation, the Franks moving in quickly to plug the hole I made -- they wielded seaxes, stabbing at me with short thrusts. Hacking one's arm off, I beheaded another with a single slash of my axe before finishing off the former. A seaxe grazed across my skin, but found no purchase and I repaid the attack with far more success. I pushed deeper into the formation, carving a way for the soldiers behind me that made sure that I wasn't isolated and surrounded by Franks.

Fighting men was different than fighting wolves, I noted, lashing out with my axes as my own war cries added to the chorus of thousands of others. The same thing that I had noticed the first time played out again -- even though I was surrounded… fighting fifty men, you fought fifty men. Each one was more concerned with living than killing me. The only benefit that they had was that the chaos of fighting fifty men was often far more than a match for anyone.

Fighting fifty wolves was different. It had been like fighting a single man that just so happened to have fifty bodies. They worked together as one, each one playing a clearly defined role of either distraction or attack. If I were fighting wolves right now, then I'd be dead. There was no doubt in my mind. Yet, I wasn't. I was fighting men. Men that were frightened easily and thought that they could defy fate and live if they got in my way.

Blood splashed on my face, slickening my hands, dripping down me in fat drops. I killed two or three men for every step forward I took. I swung out with my axe, only to find myself freed of its head, so I drove the sharpened handle into a man's throat and took his seaxe. Weapons flickered at me, their edges digging into my flesh. Morrigan had spoken the truth -- my muscles were denser, and Oakflesh made my skin more difficult to pierce. That wasn't to say none managed it. I felt a sharp pain in my side, at the nape of my neck, across my forearm. They wept blood, yet the pain didn't stop me from pressing forward.

They were light wounds. Wounds I knew would heal fast even without the aid of Fast Healer. It wasn't enough to slow me down in the slightest as I continued to carve my way through the line of Franks.

However, distantly, I thought of how much different it was being in the thick of the battle than it was to overlook it. What did the battle look like from the top of the hill? Was I deep in the Frank line? Halfway? Had I barely scratched its surface? More worrying concerns were the fact that I had absolutely no clue how the rest of the battle was going. Was the entire army surrounded by the Franks?

Had the charge just let us be surrounded? Had we been hit with one of those cavalry charges Father spoke of? Were we winning? Losing? It was impossible to tell. I had no clue and I wasn't sure how I could find out. I didn't think I would know until the battle was either won or lost.

I drove my seaxe into the heart of a Frank, yanking it out before burying it into another's throat. Unbreakable Guard blocked a thrust at my neck and I returned the blow by hacking at the offender's arm, then beheading him. Kicking him in the chest hard enough that a foot print was left behind on his armor, I knocked a few men back before falling upon them. Beyond the wall of Franks, I thought I caught a glimpse of the Rhine river, so I buried my axe into a Frank's skull and shoved forward.

One second I was surrounded, and the next I wasn't.

Coming to a brief stop as I quickly looked around, wondering what I should do, I found the gaze of the man that I had met with King Charglmane. He looked to be in the middle of shouting something, and I realized that he was the leader of the army. Around him were a dozen warriors on horses. One of them rushed forward, leveling a spear at me, only to catch an axe to the face that knocked him off his horse. Darting forward, I scooped up the spear, feeling its weight as Projectile Trajectory helped me wield the weapon.

Throwing it, it sailed at the richly dressed man, striking home in his chest, knocking him off of his horse and sending him falling to the ground heavily. The action spooked the others, their horses kicking up and knocking another three men off, but the others only seemed to take a brief moment before coming to a decision.

They spurred their horses around and began to flee. It wasn't a full retreat, I quickly noticed, but they were putting as much distance between them and myself as they could without running off the battlefield. I would have given chase, but I quickly found myself fighting off Franks who realized that I stood behind them. They started to peel off from their formation to attack me. I quickly killed them all at the cost of my axe shaft breaking from the constant use, forcing me to abandon it. In the thick melee, I found myself wielding two seaxes -- they were far more useful in such thick fighting than a spear would be.

I found myself drawn back into the battle, attacking the Franks from the rear. After killing those that initially took notice of me, I found that I was attacking men from behind. It was troubling, especially with how my brother had fallen to the same trick, but I saw why. They were so distracted by the enemy before them that they completely failed to notice me in the confusion. In minutes, I found myself carving out pockets of Franks that the warriors eagerly fell upon. I couldn't tell what was going on exactly, but I figured destroying their formation was the best thing that I could do.

The fighting dragged on for far longer than it had in that first battle. Much, much longer. I was lost for most of it. The only way to gauge the passage of time was occasionally looking up to see the sun making its way across the sky. The thunderous noise of screams and shouts slowly died off, leaving only a powerful chorus of metal hitting metal or wood. Hours upon hours went by and the battle didn't seem any closer to ending then it had at the start.

Then I heard the sound of a horn blowing. A signal fire was lit at the top of the hill, and it was only then that I noticed the darkening sky. It was a signal that I wasn't sure would be needed. It was a call for the battle to end for the day and for the army to disengage and return to the hill. I was neck deep in Franks, so for me the battle continued for some time after, but I did notice that our warriors were breaking off to head up the hill just as the Franks around me thinned out.

It was still another hour before the fighting came to a stop for me, the stars and moon above offering me enough light to see the battlefield. The Franks returned to their own camp where the village had been located, leaving the dead at the base of the hill. It was a sight I would never forget.

The piles of dead were taller than me in some places. It was at its worst at the base of the hill, but I could almost mark my path with the bodies that were left in my wake. I saw Franks and norsemen alike on the field, their lifeblood soaking into the dirt. The stench of blood and shit hovered in the air, forcing me to breathe through my mouth, but I could taste it on my tongue. There were hundreds of bodies, more Franks by the look of it, but still plenty of norse corpses.

Tilting my head back, I took in a deep breath and let out a deep sigh. With sore legs, I began the march back up the steep hill where I was greeted by guards that were keeping an eye out for the Franks. The men looked at me with stunned expression when they saw me approach, entering the light of their torches. They didn't say anything to me, and I said nothing to them as I entered the camp.

There were many screams from the wounded filling the air. I saw some of them laying on the ground, their wounds bandaged over with already bled through pieces of cloth. I started to turn away in search of the nearest bed. Instead, I found my feet moving towards the injured. I only then realized that I still had the seaxes in hand, both covered in so much dried blood that I had to peel them off of my palms.

I saw a slave woman grab a knife to cut out an arrow that was sticking out of a man's shoulder. The exhaustion in my voice as I spoke was almost tangible, "Boil it first," I told her, catching her attention. Her jaw dropped the moment that she saw me -- either because she knew who I was, or because of the possibly hundreds of men worth of blood that drenched me from head to toe.

"I- what?" She said as I grabbed a pot and found a waterskin filled with water. Heading to a fire that was used to heat up knives to sear wounds closed.

"Boil the knife first. It helps make sure there will be no sickness after," I said, putting the pot into the fire and letting it heat up. I looked around and saw dozens of people. Some were dead men that hadn't died yet -- Emergency Aid gave me insight on how bad wounds could be and how to treat them, but some were just too far gone for me to do anything. But, that wasn't the case for others.

Healing was considered women's work. The most you could expect from a fellow man was to have a limb cut off or seared closed. I was probably the only man running between the various injured -- all were women that were either slaves or midwives. There was a stigma against it. I wasn't really sure why, there just was. And even if it was a valid stigma, I found that I really didn't care because I began washing my hands before getting them bloody again.

An arrow to the thigh could be a deceptive fatal wound. I knew that there were arteries in the thigh that if severed could kill a man in a minute. One of them had been nicked when a midwife pushed the arrow through to the other side of his thigh instead of cutting it out. Which is how I found myself tying a knot around the artery of a screaming man to slow the bleeding and to save his life and leg. Accepting a red hot knife, I seared the back of his thigh closed to stop the bleeding.

Then I pinched the bleeding artery that no longer spurted blood and seared it closed as well. Undoing the knot I had around the artery, the sear didn't immediately tear open, which I hoped was enough. Tossing the blood-soaked twine to the side, I pressed his leg together, poured mead over it, which made him scream again, before I seared the wound closed.

The stench of burnt flesh was becoming a familiar one, I noticed as I handed the knife over to a thrall, who immediately put the knife in a pot of boiling water. The warrior passed out, but he was alive. And I moved on.

There were plenty of injuries to deal with. A missing eye that had been pierced with an arrow, so I gave him an eyepatch slathered in honey. A missing hand that was seared to prevent the bleeding. A gut wound that I opened up, seared the bleeding parts off, before stitching him close and slathering the stitches with honey.

I didn't know how to explain most of the things that I did. Most people seemed to take that as a sign of my exhaustion, but it was because I couldn't put it into words. I didn't really know why honey was put on wounds, I just knew that it was -- both because the gods gave me the information, and because Morrigan did it. I didn't know why boiling tools lowered the chances of someone getting sick, just that it did. The same for washing my hands so many times.

But, hours later, I felt like I had saved some lives when I began to make my way to my family tent. I stumbled inside, still covered in dried blood, but I didn't have it in me to care. Though, Otto seemed like he just about died from fright when I pushed open the tent flap to see Father and Havi were also inside, the latter dead asleep.

Father looked at me and gave a small laugh, "It was a good day," he said as I stumbled to my bed. "The entire army is talking of Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed," he said, and that was good. I had been too distracted to recall if I had gotten the quest rewards.

"Did we win?" I asked, earning a warm chuckle from Father while Otto huddled in a corner to make himself appear small. It was a genuine question. I had absolutely no clue if we won or not. The fact that we had retreated to the hill made things unclear.

"It was a good day," Father repeated. "I don't know the numbers, but the Franks suffered badly today. Their line broke early on, and they were unable to use their calvary. Meaning that it's still fresh, but their infantry had a rough time of it because of you. You cut them in half. One side ended up nearly enveloped," Father said, making me look at him as I collapsed face first into bed.

I mulled that over -- that sounded pretty good. "How do you know all that?" I asked him, because I had been clueless. I never noticed that we nearly surrounded one half of the army. To that, Father chuckled.

"It's easier to notice with experience. And when you don't stand at chest height with the enemy," he added, and he probably had a point there. "When you fight with the formation, you see where the tide is going. But, I suspect you won't be doing much of that. Do what you did today tomorrow, and we should manage to make it through this battle. We might even have enough men to carry out Jarl Horrik's insane plan," he said before settling into his own cot. "Get some rest, my son. You'll need it. It's going to be another very long day."

With that, he turned over, showing his back to me as he made to go to sleep. I turned my gaze to Otto, the promise I made to the Frankish King weighing heavily on my mind. My thoughts had been so consumed with revenge and Otto had made himself scarce, fearing I would take my wrath out on him, the promise slipped my mind.

But, with sleep rapidly creeping up on me, I spoke, "You're free," I told him, making an expression of alarm pass over his face. "You can go to the Frank army, if you want. But, I swore to Charlemagne that I would free you. So I have."

Otto opened and closed his mouth for a good long minute, "What… I… what should I do with my freedom?" He asked me, and I think he was going to start with a rant about freeing him now of all times. So, I interjected.

"Whatever you want," I told him before rolling over to my side, closing my eyes and everything went dark.

…

I picked at the scabs that covered a number of the cuts I had suffered. I shouldn't have left them untended, but I had been too tired to do anything else. But, it seemed fine. Though, I was a little stiff, and not just because of the dried blood on me. There was no point in washing it off. I would just be getting drenched again.

The call to form up came early in the morning. I roused from my sleep to see that Otto was curled up in his usual place, his wooden cross clutched tightly in his hands while he slept. Father and Havi got up, we ate some boiled meat and bread, giving us some strength before we once again took our formations.

The platforms for the archers were far less full, I noted, stepping up on one. I had a few quivers of arrows near me, some of which came from the Franks that they shot at us yesterday. Thankfully, everyone had fresh shields as the blacksmiths had been refitting them with new planks or had kept others in reserve.

Leaving me to look out at the Frank army that was gathering at the base of the hill. It was a far more gruesome sight in the light of day. Piles of dead where the fallen had stacked on top of each other, and I could almost make out the line of where the battles were fought yesterday. There was a stench of rot in the air that rose up to greet us. However, my attention was more directed to the army.

Fast Counter let me count the troops in no time at all. Yesterday, they had two thousand and five hundred troops and today I only saw a thousand and seven hundred. Meaning that they had lost around eight hundred men either to death or being too wounded to fight. It was a huge loss in manpower, I thought, seeing that they took up a very similar formation -- infantry in the middle, archers in front of them, horsemen on the sides.

But, looking at our own army, I saw that we were down to near seven hundred men. Meaning that we were still outnumbered near two to one.

I knocked my arrow, the first of the battle, and I took aim. Jarl Horrik was at the back of the army, his shoulder bandaged and his face pale. Looking to him, I got a small nod and the arrow flew free from my bow. No sooner than it left my bowstring, I was nocking another and letting it loose. The first arrow struck true, making an archer fall and the man next to him looked over just in time to catch an arrow to the neck.

The battle began once again. I ignored the soreness in my back and arms as I fired arrow upon arrow upon arrow, doing my best to make a difference before it became a melee. Archers dropped one by one and, this time, I noticed far fewer arrows in the sky as they returned fire. Despite how it felt on the first day, I had killed dozens, maybe even a hundred archers alone. The other archers had killed some as well. Their archers had been halved. And, with each arrow, I whittled them down further.

In a few minutes, I emptied a quiver. The inside of my forearm bled from the bowstring hitting me, but I paid it no mind. Grabbing another quiver, I quickly began emptying it.

The archers seemed to realize that they were being picked off. They fired as fast as they could, trying to get me, but their aim was too poor. At least, at first. Then it seemed like they were aiming at me specifically because I found myself leaning out of the way of arrows more and more often. The interruptions slowed me down a bit, but I still emptied the second quiver. By the time I emptied the third, the Frankish archers were cut down to a mere third of the number they previously had.

Then, with the final quiver, that number was halved.

The battle of arrows had an effect on both armies, I noticed. Our side cheered loudly, and it was difficult to tell, but they were chanting my name -- Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. They cheered when the archers melted away and we were no longer pelted with a near endless stream of arrows. Likewise, I saw the growing alarm in the Frankish army as they watched the archers drop one by one, seemingly from a single bowman. I still preferred a sling, but seeing the dead, I couldn't deny that the bow had a power of its own.

With only a few left, I watched the archers head to the back of the army for safety, leaving us with ranged superiority. A slave brought another two quivers of arrows towards me, and I gladly accepted them to begin firing on the Frankish cavalry. Father seemed to think highly of them, even if I didn't really see how men on horses could be dangerous against a wall of people.

They, I quickly saw, had a very different reaction to me firing upon them compared to the archers. Almost as soon as the first man dropped dead from his horse, I saw that the cavalry shifted back, spreading out. However, at the same time, their warriors began to march forward. My eyes widened as I realized that they intended to fight up the hill.

The men cheered as I redirected my shots towards the infantry just as the army used the traps we intended to use yesterday -- trees had been cut down, their branches stripped, and loaded up. Men heaved the logs towards the front of the army before sending them down the hill at the approaching Franks. The logs picked up speed as they rolled, slamming into the Frankish line -- some jumped over, but that just meant it hit the person behind them. One log caught air on something and ended up slamming into Frank heads.

It disrupted their formation. If we had more archers, we could have made more use of it. Instead, those at the front of the line had their javelins with them and began tossing them. When I emptied the two quivers, I was quick to hop down the platform and head towards the front of the army. As I neared, the men parted for me, those that could reaching out to touch me. They rubbed my blood-crusted hair, my shoulders, back, face and chest. I paid it no mind, focused entirely on the battle at hand.

It went on until I reached the front of the army, the shield wall parting to let me stand at the front. A warrior offered me a javelin that I quickly accepted. The Franks screamed their war cry as they approached up the hill, climbing over those that fell to the logs. Rearing back, I threw the javelin at the approaching army that was so compact that it was impossible to miss. Mine was just one of many that flew at the encroaching Franks that bled away under the missile fire. The one I threw caught a man in the chest, knocking him back.

No sooner than I threw it, I found another in my hand and I threw it as well. I watched dozens of Franks fall as we threw our weapons and the last of the logs. I could see the whites of their eyes by the time I reached to my belt and found my two new bearded axes. Gripping them tightly, I roared as the Franks neared.

Then, in a thunderous clash, we met each other in battle. Once again, I found myself in the thick of the melee, acting as the front line. Only, this time, I planted myself like a stone that the river of enemies were forced to crash and break against. My axes flashed out, digging into armor and soft flesh, standing my ground as the Franks slammed into our shield wall. In no time at all, I found myself surrounded by dead men, the corpses pushed forward by Franks trying to push through.

I stood on their bodies when there was no other choice. With the added height, I found myself standing at the Frank's height as I fought and killed them, lashing out with blow after blow, after blow, each one dealing absolute death to the enemy. Limbs flew free, as did heads, and then their bodies dropped to my feet as the pile began to grow larger. In a minute, I found myself standing not only at eye level with the Franks, but above them.

For a moment, I glimpsed the sea of bodies that was the Frank army. I saw them trying to swarm over the barricade and they were handily being pushed back by those fighting on that wing. I saw men, twenty bodies deep, all trying to press down on us to overwhelm our position to push us to flee.

It became a violent mess. Again, I found myself completely drenched in blood that soaked the dirt and turned it into mud. Only this time, I had a much better idea of how we were doing and I could see the shield wall holding up. For hours, I killed men with every swing of my axes. The act of bringing death no longer bothered me in the slightest -- they were enemies, and I would kill them because they were enemies. It was as simple as that.

The sun was beating down overhead, and the density of the bodies made everything hot. Through the blood, sweat dripped from my body and my mouth felt unbearably dry. The others could change out when their strength was failing, but not me. I wasn't arrogant enough to think I could single handedly win the battle, but I could feel myself making a difference with each swing I made.

So, I fought. And fought. And fought and fought for hours.

Then, it happened. As I stood on a growing wall of men, I saw the back of the Frank army start to thin out as Franks turned tail and fled. The leader of the army, one of the men I had seen yesterday, was trying to rally them, but when I threw my axe and caught him in his horse's head, that came to an abrupt end.

I could feel the Franks breaking. The more Franks that ran, the more the others were encouraged to do the same. The battle had lasted for hours, yet, in a handful of minutes, the entire army seemed to vanish into nothing as the Franks fled the battle. Our army pursued some, but most threw their heads back and screamed in victory. The Franks were in full retreat, most of them not even going to their camp and just running away.

Taking in a deep breath, I pushed back my drenched hair. My body ached and I was tired. Above all, I was thirsty. But, for now, I had another task.

Walking forward, I headed to the man I had knocked off his horse. I worried that he might have been trampled, or maybe he had gotten away, but instead I saw him alive and pinned under the corpse of his horse. One leg was underneath it and based on his pained look, the leg was broken. He bared his teeth in a snarl when he caught sight of me, lashing out with a dagger to keep me at bay.

"Who are you?" I asked the man, crouching down just out of reach. I took in his armor, his clothing, and even his looks. His hair was neatly cut, clean-shaven, his clothing was very fine, equal to that I had seen on Charlemagne, and his armor was just as well made. Scalemail around the torso and arms, while underneath it was ringmail that had the smallest rings I had ever seen. He also had a sword at his hip, but it was pinned underneath him. Based on the handle, it was a nice sword.

The man seemed surprised to see that I spoke his language, but he mustered up whatever dignity that he could in his position and spoke clearly in Frankish, "I am Ageric Roding, the now Duke of Frisia with the death of my father," he spoke, looking at me with a fierce glare even as beads of sweat dripped down his pale skin.

I frowned, "What's a duke?" I asked him, making him swallow thickly.

He worked his jaw for a moment, considering the question before deciding on an answer. "A very valuable hostage," he told me.

A small smile found its way onto my face, "Then consider yourself my hostage, Duke of Frisia."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,333 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 26, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Celebration
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 2, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,231
We lost three hundred men in total, counting those that were too injured to keep fighting. It was a great victory by any stretch of the imagination, but we only had a thousand men so we felt the loss of those three hundred very keenly. Still, it was an obvious win and it was celebrated as such. The dead were stripped of their arms, armor, and whatever wealth they had on them. The Frank camp was raided, granting us a great deal of food.

In the immediate aftermath of the battle, despite the situation with the other half of the army, we celebrated. A feast was held, the dead were burned, and the Franks were left to rot. Otto said rites for the dead Franks to put their spirits at ease for the lack of a burial. It seemed like a waste of time, but when I looked out at the men, I realized how needed it was.

The battle had been hard-fought against incredible odds. I had counted the dead. The Franks attacked with an army of two-thousand and five hundred, and we had killed about thirteen hundred of them, half of their army. All odds pointed to us dying and being routed. People needed some kind of release. So, they drank and ate and howled at the moon. I would have been placed in a position of honor, but I was in my tent.

I held my new sword in my hands -- the grip was enough for a single hand. The pommel was large to balance out a three-foot blade that held a bluish edge to it, something unlike I had ever seen before. The crossguard was a thin bar that was barely wider than the blade that could fit about three fingers in terms of width. It was a sword.

Swords had a special place in my people's world. They were status symbols -- the only people you saw that had them were Thegns or Jarls or Kings. I shouldn't have one. I wasn't a member of Jarl Horrik's Hird, I wasn't a Thegn or a Jarl, much less a king. It was taken from the duke I took hostage. Still, whether I should have it or not, I couldn't deny there was a thrill holding it in my hand that wielding an axe lacked.

I gave it a small swing, a slight smile on my face as it swished through the air. It might not be worth more than that cross I looted, but I had a clear favorite treasure.

In the wake of the battle, I also gained a number of perks and even a few levels. In that regard, I had been right when I thought that I would gain more chances to impress the gods and complete their quests once I left the farm. I had underestimated how much, though.

I reached level ten and I found that unlike stat perks, there were no hold over options, leaving me with three new choices.

Blistering Speed
Strong winds will always be at your back and fast currents will always carry you forward while the shortest path will always be apparent.​

True Tongue
When you speak, everyone hears their native tongue and when you are spoken to, you hear their words in yours.​

Shadow-Walker
Unless directly looked at, you will blend into the background, making you easy to miss.​

The boons the gods offered were an interesting choice. The latter seemed like it would work best for Loki, while True Tongue seemed interesting in nature. However, Blistering Speed seemed the most useful overall. Learning languages helped my Learning Stat immensely while being fast on ships and foot seemed like it could only be beneficial.

I also gained two milestones in Martial; Prowess and Tactics.

Prowess​

Strong Arm: Thrown weapons will act under the principles of Power Attack, increasing the range and power of the weapon.​

Vital Strike: Weaknesses in an enemy guard become marked.​

There were the previous options that were leftover such as Auto-Action, or Steady Hands, or Shatter Defense. It took me a few minutes of thought, but I made my choice -- Vital Strike. Power Strike was exhausting to use continuously and battles proved to last a lot longer than I thought they would. If killing blows were readily marked, then I could use Power Strike less.

Then there was Tactics.

Tactics​

Offensive Doctrine: Army will deal increased melee damage when on the offensive.​

Defensive Doctrine: Army will have increased melee and ranged defense when on the defense.​

Drill Instructor: Army gains more experience faster when being drilled.​

All three were good. Great even. So fantastic that I could only see it as the gods doing more than blessing our efforts but actively interfering to ensure that we would win the battle. Because I reached ten in Martial, I gained another perk point that I spent on both Offensive and Defensive Doctrine. Then, with the extra perk I got for reaching level ten, I picked Steady Hands to make Projectile Prediction more accurate.

I was interrupted from my musings when the flap to the tent was opened and Havi came crawling in. He reeked of booze, but there was a content, if slightly drunk, smile on his face as he fell face-first into his bed. "Siegfried… Sieeegg…frieeedd," he muttered, sounding like he was trying to get my attention even if his face was buried in a bedroll. "You… should… go out, little brother! The army is celebratin' your victory!"

I smiled lightly, "I think it's a bit more than just my victory," I pointed out, setting my sword to the side. Havi let out a grunt, a sign that he disagreed.

"That's not what everyone else says!" He said with a giggle. "You… hmm… you, ah, you would think that you fought the battle by yourself! With, how, uh… how people are talking about you," Havi said, letting out a mead-fueled burp that sounded like a prelude to him emptying his stomach. "I always knew you were going to do great things… but I never thought that girls would open their legs for me just because I'm your brother! I think I sired a son today," he continued, completely losing track of what he was talking about.

My Prestige had reached its first milestone with the battle, giving me the level of Distinguished.

And so far, I didn't see any kind of reward for it. It didn't give me a perk or anything like that. But, still, after all my life, I had reached a milestone and I was now Distinguished. However, I felt the increase in other ways. The reason why I was in my tent was because of how people looked at me. There was awe there. As many people called me Wolf-Kissed, there were just as many calling me Deadeye, or Strongbow. I even heard a few call me Blood-Hair and Corpse-Maker. I hoped the last one didn't catch on, even if it was true.

Almost overnight, I became famous. Something all warriors desired because it was with fame that men made their marks on the world. It was something I desired as well, yet now that I had it, I found that I really didn't know what to do with it. It was easier just to stay in my tent and hope no one bothered me.

"I'm glad you're enjoying my fame," I remarked. And I was. I'd much rather have Havi enjoy himself than become jealous of my success.

Havi giggled, "One of us has to! If Haldur was here, he'd be sooo mad…!" He muttered, turning on his side so his words were finally no longer muffled. Haldur was always eager to prove himself. After the raid on the farm, and I was given the farmstead, he left the family to make a name for himself. He was jealous of my success, according to… Kirk.

To that, we both fell silent. My brow furrowed in thought -- I took a major step forward in my mission of making a name for myself. When I accused King Sigfred of murder, it would be answered. I opened my mouth to speak to Havi, only to hear soft snores from him as he instantly fell asleep the moment his mouth stopped moving. I looked at him for a moment before letting out a sigh and getting up.

Closing the tent flap behind me, I stepped out and saw the camp was still in full swing despite the late hour. A bonfire made from some of the trees that were rolled down the hill illuminated the camp, the flames leaping high into the sky. I saw men and women dancing around it, pounding at their chest while they chanted and sang and laughed.

Off to one corner, however, I saw the prisoners that were taken. They were roped together and kept in a cage made of sticks. All of them were men, and I quickly spotted my own hostage kept in the pen. Ageric was a sullen fellow, unable to even think of escape with his broken leg. It was a straight break, which I had personally set, so if he didn't move much, he should be able to walk again. I also saw Otto speaking to him in a low tone, and based on how his lips moved, I knew he was praying.

It was something he often did. More so when he witnessed the ways of my people.

"Wolf-Kissed!" I heard someone shout before I found myself being lifted into the air on a pair of shoulders. A horn was pressed into my hand and I was being marched to the bonfire. My eyes were wide when people took notice of me with thunderous cheers, people toasting me with such force that half of their cups sloshed out over the rim.

Jarl Horrik and Father waved me over, and I was brought to them before being put onto the ground. I looked for the man whose horn I had been given, but he didn't seem to want it back because he walked off. Father reached out, rubbing my head. "I was starting to think I would have to drag you out myself," he remarked.

"It would be a shame for the guest of honor not to show up at a feast thrown in his honor," Jarl Horrik added, toasting me. I drank the honeyed mead in the horn while Jarl Horrik finished off his. "It was a good battle. A great battle! That Duke of yours should bring you great wealth," he told me.

Father nodded, "We were just discussing the ransoms we would ask for those captured. A Duke is like a Jarl in terms of nobility," he told me, surprising me. I thought Ageric would be more of a Thegn -- an honored warrior in charge of a sizable clan -- rather than a Jarl. "And I have heard of Friesia before. It is a rich land. We will ask for a hundred pounds of silver for his safe return."

I had been in the middle of a second sip of mead when I heard the price that was being asked. The mead went down the wrong way, making my lungs burn as I sputtered, much to the amusement of my Father and Jarl. Father slapped me on the back and said, "Don't react like that when we send our offer! You'll lower the price."

"That much?" I questioned, coughing a few times. A hundred pounds of silver was… I didn't even know. I could probably buy fifty acres of farmland with that much silver. It was hard to believe that anyone could be worth that amount. I looked over at the man in the pen off in the distance to see him glaring at me, his expression hateful while Otto spoke to him. "I… don't even know what I could do with that much money," I admitted.

A hundred pounds of silver. I could buy a ship. A fleet of ships. And pay for warriors to sail with me, if they wouldn't be willing to already. I could hire farmhands to work with me to further cultivate my land. I could do the same with Father's farm. I could buy a lot of food so we would never have to worry about going hungry again…

So, that was a lie. I had plenty of ideas about what I could do with such an absurd amount of money. Father seemed to know it too because he laughed deeply, "You'll find something, lad. So long as you don't drink and whore it away, then I'll be proud."

"It was a good thing you got him when you did," Jarl Horrik said, sinking deeper into his seat as he gazed towards the fire. "The scout returned with news of Sigfred's army -- they're faring well, but the tide of the battle is against them. Their count was about eight hundred dead on Sigfred's side and half that dead on the Franks'." That caught my full attention, all thoughts of wealth leaving my head instantly.

Meaning that King Sigfred had lost about half of his army while the Franks lost about a third.

"If we reinforce his army, then we'll have even numbers," Jarl Horrik spoke, earning a sideways look from Father.

"If," he echoed, not sounding surprised but curious what the other option was.

"Or, we could ransom our captives to the Franks, take the wealth that we managed to get, and retreat. This entire war was a trap, and I've already lost near half of the men that marched with us," Jarl Horrik said, not hiding the fact that he would be leaving the other half of the army to die to the Franks. "I suppose we could regroup with King Widukind, but it's still too early to tell how many of his people he will convince to fight with him."

Father nodded, "Aye, makes sense. It's not really our concern in the end."

"Isn't it, though?" I asked, speaking up and earning both men's attention. "When we raided Saxony, I spoke to a slave named Wilfred and he talked about how King Charlemagne would attack us next when Saxony fell." I spoke, wondering what happened to the man. I tried to take ownership of him when I was given the farm, but he had already been sold. "I spoke to him -- King Charlemagne -- and…" I trailed off, not sure how to say it.

I frowned down at the ground, "I think he would kill us all if he could. It's not about wealth or land to him. I don't think, at least. It's about his god. He won't accept anything but all of us converting to his god, and if we won't, he'll kill us." That was the impression that I got from him. He didn't have any Tells when he spoke to me about his god. I might not have the whole truth, so it could be about land and money, but it was also about making people see God's Light, even if they had to kill everyone that clenched their eyes to it.

There was a small silence to that before Jarl Horrik spoke, "You're in favor of reinforcing King Sigfred?" He asked me, meeting my gaze evenly.

I offered a slow and deliberate nod. I hated King Sigfred. More than anything. I didn't want to fight to save him or anything like that. This was just looking to the future because if we didn't fight now, then we would have to fight later. If the action led to my vengeance, then that was even better.

Jarl Horrik and Father shared a look before Jarl Horrik offered a nod. "Then we shall march to their aid. Should we win… then perhaps we can visit Frankfort, or one of the other Frankish cities. It should be great fun without an army breathing down our necks."

And, with that, our course was set.

…

After a long night of celebration, in the morning we began to march. The captives and wounded were directed to Sigiburg, including Ageric. I expected Otto to go with them given that's where I had enslaved him, but instead, he chose to march with us. Those that we left behind to secure the fortress would look after our prizes.

With that seven hundred warriors crossed the Rhine river with the aid of a long rope bridge. It took some time, more so than normal because everyone was about as ill as my brother was from a heavy night of drinking. I was worried about them. They might have needed the celebration, but on the eve of battle, it was punishing them. Still, we made it and began our march to where the battle was being held.

The first thing that I noticed was that the forest was incredibly dense. The trees were so plentiful that I could reach my hands out and brush two trees at the same time with each step I took. We made our way up a hill where the sounds of battle echoed through the air -- screams of men, and the clashing of weapons. That seemed to sober people up as we marched our way up a long hill.

It was next to impossible to really see the battle taking place. It took place on a hill in the middle of the dense forest and because of it, the trees got in the way of letting us get an idea of what was going on. I was an arrows shot away before I saw the Frankish warriors clashing against King Sigfreds army, and I only saw a small part of the battle. It still seemed to be raging, but I couldn't tell if one side was on the verge of winning or not.

Even still, Jarl Horrik brought a horn to his lips and announced our arrival as our army charged forward. We descended on the Frankish flank, slamming into them. I spearheaded the charge, carving away at warriors to relieve the flank we found. Upon seeing the reinforcement, the Norse warriors took heart while the Frankish lost theirs.

The flank collapsed after we struck it, and I pressed forward into their line as if I were trying to find the other end of it. Again, I had no concept of the overall battle. What I did know was that the trees acted as a makeshift barrier, and because of them the cavalry was practically useless, so I had yet to see it in action.

Sticking with the main body of the army, I found that we enveloped a number of Franks. They tried to push out of the melee to join the others that were beginning to flee, but our warriors kept them in the pocket. Violence was brought down upon them in the forms of axes, spears, and knives. The Franks fought back with all their might, and they surely earned their way into their afterlife with glory, but the more that fell, the lesser their strength.

The battle was the shortest one I had fought yet, I noted, not feeling anywhere near as exhausted as I was after the previous battles. Maybe an hour or less before the pocket of what turned out to be a thousand Franks was put to the sword. Vital Strike was an incredible gift, I found. When I fought an enemy, I saw spots on them that marked where a single cut or stab would kill them, or at least be a fatal strike. As they attacked or defended, the spots appeared and disappeared, relying on me to act on them when prompted.

It was hard to celebrate the victory because I readied myself for what was about to come as I marched into King Sigfried's camp. My hands clenched into fists with my two axes in hand, following Jarl Horrik as our arrival was met with cheers. And, it was then that we got the message from a familiar face, thegn Ubbe, who had delivered the offer to go on this adventure.

"He's dying?" I spoke, recoiling from the words I just heard leaving his mouth, the wind taken from my sails and it felt like I lost my footing.

Thegn Ubbe shook his head, "It was a bad blow to the head, but my king is strong. He will awaken," he said, but his tone was grim. He glanced behind him at the tent behind him, a deep frown on his face. "He has not woken yet," he admitted.

"How bad of a wound? What happened?" Jarl Horrik questioned, sounding incredibly calm while I was left reeling. What kind of joke was this? I was just about to claim my vengeance, only for the man to take an injury that left him unconscious? It was a cruel twist of fate for it to get in my way, denying me what I desired. What I deserved -- the head of my brother's murderer.

The Thegn seemed reluctant to answer, peering at Jarl Horrik with barely concealed distrust. However, he revealed what happened with bitten-out words, "He took a seaxe to the face. It's a bad wound. He lost an eye and his nose," he admitted, and… that was a bad wound. It sounded like his face had been cut in half. I had seen someone with a missing nose before, one too poor to afford a wood or metal one.

It hadn't been a pretty sight.

Good.

"He's been unconscious for the past two days. We were on the verge of retreating when you arrived so, for that, you have our thanks, Jarl Horrik," Thegn Ubbe said, bowing his head to the Jarl in acknowledgment. Jarl Horrik smiled lightly, stroking his beard in thought. He wasn't even bothering with pleasantries -- the dislike between the two men was so known that there wasn't a point.

"What shall you do now?" Jarl Horrik asked, making the Thegn grimace. "The Frankish army has been routed. Between the defeated armies, should they regroup, their numbers should equal ours. If this campaign continues, we will need to join forces." The reasoning was obvious. As was the response.

Thegn Ubbe eyed Jarl Horrik, "Under you," he said, an accusation in his tone.

"Aye, under me," he agreed, near shamelessly. It was clear why Thegn Ubbe didn't care for it. An old enemy would be in charge of warriors that had likely been feuding for longer than I've been alive twice over. I'm not sure that he had the authority to decide one way or the other, either. Jarl Horrik would accomplish his goal. And, I suppose, I would accomplish mine as well, but it almost felt like I had been robbed of it with King Sigfred's injury. "If you say yes, we intend to march north. My scouts tell me of a city called Cologne based on the Rhine. With our combined forces, I intend to sack it. Then, we shall retreat to Saxony until King Widukind's army has been raised."

Thegn Ubbe scratched at his beard, "The other Jarls won't like it, but they will want blood and wealth for those that were lost in the past days. King Sigfred will be brought back to Hedeby. I can't say for certain if the others will decide to stay," he admitted. And, I suppose, overall, the war hadn't been profitable for most. It sure had been for me, but I sensed that I was an outlier in that regard.

Jarl Horrik smiled, reaching out and placing a hand on his shoulder, a gesture that seemed more intimidating than reassuring. "Then you shall convince them to stay," he told the Thegn, giving an order that made the other man frown deeply. A tense moment passed between them, their gazes locked in a battle of wills.

Then Thegn Ubbe offered a slow nod. With it, we seized the remaining half of the army.

I hardly noticed as I stared through the tent that was closed, attempting to peer through the hides to see the unconscious and disfigured king that lay within. It was… frustrating. Horribly and maddeningly frustrating to have my brother's murderer so close, yet out of reach. I was almost tempted to walk forward, throw the tent flap to the side and finish off the murderous king with a single swing of my axe.

But, that wasn't how I wanted to end it. I wanted to look King Sigfred in the eyes as the life drained out of them. I want him to know that it was me. That I had repaid the murder of my brother. That vengeance was mine and the blood debt had been paid in full.

Instead, I turned away without a word said.

I could wait. The gods wouldn't deny me my revenge, so King Sigfred would live. He would survive, disfigured and shamed. Soon, he would be deposed and then I would have his head. It would take some time, but it would happen. The gods willed it.

And so did I.

…

Like with the previous army, the wounded and captives were sent to Sigiburg on the other side of the Rhine river while what was left of the army marched onward towards Cologne. King Sigfred's army had a large number of wounded that needed escorting, and there hadn't been many prisoners. But, with the shattered Frankish army fleeing in the direction of Frankfort, our march up to Cologne went unmolested. Possibly unnoticed as well. The march took days over the rolling hills that were either covered in trees or tall grass.

Three days had passed before we caught our first glimpse of the city from atop of a hill that overlooked it. There, I saw that Cologne was a city unlike any I had ever seen before, even Frankfort. Unlike it, the stone walls went around all of it. The inside of the walls looked to be densely pact with stone buildings. Some raised above even what the walls protected like one in the center of the city that I saw had a large cross on it. A church. Or monastery. The walls themselves looked rough, crumbling in a number of places. I also didn't see patrols on the walls either.

Spilling outside of the city was a large village that almost seemed to be the size of Alabu clinging to its walls. Frankfort had been a large city, but Cologne had it beat twice over.

"It doesn't have walls on the river," I voiced, picking out the flaw in the defenses. The city also had a number of gates from what I saw. It didn't really seem like a fortress, not in the same way that Sigiburg or Eresburg did. It wasn't made for holding off an army. The walls were more a preventative measure, a deterrent of sorts. "And the gates seem lightly guarded."

"We should move fast, then," Jar Horrik remarked as we scouted the city in the distance. "Before someone notices us, and they get put on-" As he spoke, the bell began to ring, making all of us tense. "Speak of Loki, we've already been discovered!" He snapped, clearly annoyed.

However, I frowned at the city, watching people begin to leave their homes from outside of the city gates to funnel inside. They didn't seem to be panicked. "It's not an alarm," I realized, catching Jarl Horrik's attention. "It must be one of their saint days. Or their day of worship. I don't know," I admitted, "They're attending mass to celebrate."

Father huffed, "Prayers for a celebration? Christians are a dull folk," he remarked, pursing his lips in thought.

"That pet priest of yours came in handy," Jarl Horrik added, frowning at the city. "If they think that it's time to celebrate, then they haven't been warned. They'll be unprepared. Wolf-Kissed," he said, turning to me, "Can you take the walls?" He asked me, and it reflected how highly he thought of my abilities that he seemed to think I could do it single-handedly.

And it spoke well of me that it was a possibility. I looked at the walls, scratching at the bite scar on my neck as I did so. I eyed the gates, noticing that they looked like heavy wood. All were open at the moment. The walls were sparsely manned as well…

"I think we should just attack," I told them, pointing at a road that led straight to one of the gates. "Split up into groups of a few hundred, and just rush the gates before they can close them. Even if one group gets in, then we have a foothold the others can enter by. And I'll make sure that one group gets in." I spoke, Father patting me on the back in approval as I spoke.

Quest: Sack Cologne
Rewards: Prestige, 10,000 exp, additional wealth gains.

The gods voiced their approval of the attack, while Jarl Horrik nodded.

"I'll take your word for it, Wolf-Kissed. Now, go."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,263 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 2, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Cologne
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 9, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,282
The bell was a surprisingly pleasant sound, I thought as I led the few hundred warriors up the main road, sprinting as fast as we could. The dirt was well packed from so many people walking on it, so it almost acted as stone underfoot. The houses that flanked the road were made of wood with thatch roofs, wood logs that were sealed with mud made the walls, and carved planks filled the doors. The walls of the city were also pretty tall -- a dozen feet of solid stone.

But, out of everything, it was the bell that caught my attention. The sound rang out in the air in heavy chimes, seeming to fill the entire city. I had heard bells before, but they had all been much smaller. I didn't know that they could be so loud, because as the bell tolled, it seemed to smother the shouts of the man in the tower that was trying to warn those below of our rapid approach.

Pushed far ahead of the others, I reached the gates of the city before the guards even realized that they should close them. The large, thick doors that a wagon could easily fit through were left wide open, and it was only when I passed through the threshold that anyone took notice of me. I looked to the other side of the gate, first seeing a crowd of people that were making their way to the church.

Then my gaze landed on Frankish guards, who just about tripped over their own two feet.

To flee.

That brought me up short to the point that I nearly tripped over my own feet. The guards fled, joining the now screaming folk that pushed forward to get away -- not just from me, but the warriors that now streamed through the still open gate that was given up without so much as a drawn blade or a drop of blood spilled. The people just ran. I watched as some fell down, and those that did were trampled by those fleeing.

I was brushed by a warrior that rushed by, an axe raised high before he drove it into the back of a young man trying to help an older one up despite the old man urging him to go. The old man screamed in horror, only to be beheaded a second later by the same warrior. The warrior threw his head back and let out a frightful shout that was nearly lost in the sea of screams that filled the city.

"They aren't fighting," I noticed with a small shake of my head, finding myself disgusted with them. The Frank warriors just ran. They didn't even try to hold the gate. They just ran. Fled. Where did they think they could go? Did they not understand that they would shame themselves before the gods? I heard much of Jesus from Otto, but could such a god really stomach such cowardice?

The warriors that followed me streamed into the city like an uncontrollable tide. Some pursued the fleeing crowd, while others began breaking into homes. I heard the laughs of our men, almost overshadowing the screaming that started within the buildings. The moment they entered the city, the sacking began. All semblance of unity was lost. It was every bit as chaotic and disorganized as the raid on the Saxon village.

My lips thinned as I made my way to the other gates, seeing that at least two more had been opened, though they had at least seen more of a fight. Screams filled the city, echoing throughout. Walking down a street, I saw a Norse warrior hacking at a man while a child screamed and cried, drenched in his blood and only held back by a woman that would likely be raped before the day was out.

Walking on, I saw more signs of the sacking that was taking place -- a door swinging open and warriors carrying out heavy sacks of grain from the looks of it. A glance inside as I walked by revealed a dead family. The goods being taken were wide in variety -- anything that had any semblance of value was a target. Grain or foodstuffs would be a high value target. And, as I saw a man carrying a kicking and shouting woman, people to take as slaves would also be highly valued.

Blood splashed onto the dirt roads, soaking it and onto the stone buildings. Bodies were left where they had fallen. It was…

I already had a great deal of wealth. The heavy cross I had taken in the first battle of the war was a great haul, to say nothing of the other odds and ends that had been given to me. The ransom that would happen could give me a hundred pounds of silver, possibly more depending on negotiations. Because of that, I felt no need for plunder nor the need for slaves considering that I already had all the farmhands I needed back home.

And because of that, I was looking at the aftermath of the sacking with more care instead of looking for plunder.

"There's no honor in this," I muttered to myself as I walked towards the building that towered over all others that housed the bell that first called for mass, and now was an alarm that came too late. I disliked this. I… came to accept death. The act of killing no longer bothered me. It couldn't after all the lives I had cut short. However, that was a battle. This was a slaughter.

This was killing and raping people that weren't defending themselves. That made them weak. Cowardly. They did deserve some kind of reckoning for their cowardice, but this unmitigated slaughter felt… unnecessary. It was cruel for the sake of cruelty, pain being inflicted upon the citizens of Cologne for no purpose. Those fleeing didn't need to be cut down, yet they were anyway. They were killed because a warrior could kill them and wanted to wet his blade.

It was a glorious act in the eyes of the gods. I had proof of it with the quest that was given to me. Father's words after the raid on the Saxon village still rang in my ears -- that this was the fate of the defeated, and it was our right to do what we wished. I still found it difficult to accept when I saw a little girl crying for her mother to wake up as she lay dead in the streets, her skirts ripped. Swallowing thickly, I walked by the crying girl and entered some kind of central square.

I think I was the first one to actually make it this far because I saw a crowd of people banging at the doors for them to open. Citizens of the city. The city square reminded me of Alabu -- there were stalls here that were filled with goods, though some had been knocked over in the rush.

The church itself was almost as glorious as the city. The walls of it were tall, taller than even the walls of the city at a near two dozen feet while the bell tower gave the building even more height. The door to the church was every bit as grand as the front gate of the city while being framed by an arch that had words written into the stone that I couldn't read.

It… was the most beautiful building that I had ever seen. "The dwarves must have helped make it," I reasoned. The clumsy hands of men couldn't be capable of making such a splendid building that was so large it could probably house the entirety of the city. Yet, evidently, it couldn't, based on the shouting and cursing people that begged to be let inside. A woman frightfully turned around and paled when she saw me standing in the middle of the square, idly admiring the building.

I wasn't sure what I expected, but it wasn't for her to pick up a wood log from one of the broken stalls and to charge me. With an expression of fear on her face and tears dripping down her cheeks, she rushed towards me with the log above her head. I effortlessly avoided the blow, my axe snaking out to hook around her back foot before yanking. I swept the legs from underneath her, making the woman fall flat on her back with a grunt.

Pressing the edge of the blade to her neck, she glared up at me -- fierce blue eyes and a fine face twisted into a snarl at me. "Do it, you dog." She snapped at me, baring her teeth with the challenge. She had courage. And a will to fight. She wouldn't be in this position if the guards had the same will.

That's what bothered me most of all. There wasn't a fight. Just a slaughter.

"Why are the doors closed to your church?" I asked her, surprising her that I spoke her language. Her mouth parted as she leaned away from the edge of my axe, her gaze going to it to see that the only blood on it was her own from where she pressed against the blade.

She frowned deeply, "Because it is filled with cowards," she answered. "They fear to open the doors. They'd rather we all die out here than chance you entering inside."

I frowned, "Hm," I hummed in consideration, looking at the group of people that started to take notice of me, having watched the girl break away from the group. "Soldiers?" I asked, and the girl offered a very slow nod. Father always said to fear the scorn of a woman. I never really saw why until now. "Take a seat over there," I ordered her, gesturing to a line of buildings away from the church as I stepped away.

Walking to the group, I saw the girl shoot me a confused look before I repeated the same to the group of abandoned people. "You are now under my protection," I told them all, making the decision on what I could only call a whim. These people were abandoned. They were left to their fate. And they would be killed without mercy whenever the army managed to get this far if they ever stopped looting every building they came across. Yet, that girl had courage. If cowardice must be punished, then valor deserved a reward. "Go, sit -- to any of my people that come to you, say you are protected by Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. Say Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed."

It probably shouldn't have worked, I realized as I made a sweeping gesture to where the girl now sat. I think it only did because she was sitting down instead of laying dead and the first to move over were the ones that saw me spare her. When they started moving, others began to follow out of desperation instead of belief. I was their only hope of survival, I realized as the crowd moved over to reveal the heavy door that barred the entrance to the church.

Watching them all sit down, each one looking as if they were about to flee for the hills, I walked up to the door. Flipping my axe around, I banged it on the door to knock. "What cowards you are," I spoke to those that hide behind the door. "To hide and quiver that you would leave women and children to their fates just to live a minute or two longer. I am not a worldly man. But, I am finding that you Franks and Christians are a special brand of coward."

It was natural to feel scared, I think. I had been afraid when the raiders attacked the farm. However, that fear didn't stop me from fighting. Fear of fighting wasn't a reason to not fight.

"God shall punish you for this!" I heard someone shout from within, anger in their tone that I could feel through the thick door. "A pox upon you! A pox upon you and your heathen army! How dare you attack the holy city of Cologne! How dare you spill Christian blood!"

"But, I am a heathen. Your god is not mine. Surely he will punish you first for this, won't he? Isn't one of his commandments to help thine neighbor?" I questioned him, and to all those within. They, I found, I couldn't stomach. If you couldn't fight back for whatever reason, then you shouldn't abandon your own clan and kin to save yourself. It was revolting. "Open these doors and give us the treasure within these walls, and you shall be allowed to live out your wretched lives."

There was a beat of silence on the other side. "You will not be permitted to enter this holy place. You will be struck dead the moment that you step through the door!" I heard someone else say, "God will not allow it!"

"Then may god have mercy on your souls, for you will find none from me," I told them and a few alarmed shouts caught my attention. Looking over, I saw some of our men had reached the square and they were looking at the group of Franks sitting down with obvious confusion while they shouted 'Wolf-Kissed' at them.

I waved them over, "Leave them be," I spoke to them in Norse. "They… are my thralls," I said, thinking of an excuse that they would accept. The dozen men didn't doubt it for a moment, if only looking faintly impressed that I had already made them so obedient. Then I gestured to the church, "There's great treasure inside guarded by cowards."

That caught their full attention. I explained the situation as more people began to drift over, the Franks being left alone because the incoming warriors saw that we were leaving them alone. The dozen warriors became two dozen, then three. To my surprise, despite my age, I saw all of them were listening to me. "Form a shield wall. Archers, stand on something to see over our heads." I instructed, turning to the door.

With that, I turned around and looked at the door. Taking in a deep breath, I used Power Attack on a foot and slammed it into the doors. They barely budged, though that was because things and people were holding the door in place. I could hear them panicking on the inside, but I kicked the door again, and this time the door began to splinter. I kicked it again, and again, and again, and again, each time making a little more headway until I heard a fatal crack of wood.

Kicking the door again, the doors opened up before they started to close as those holding the doors back started to push. Kicking one door instead of both, they were pushed back while the other door swung closed. Entering the church, I saw that one of the men holding the door was the guard that had fled at the first sight of me. He looked terrified and I made sure he died with that expression on his face when I cut his fucking head off.

He died a coward. I hoped with all of my heart that he would be cursed to walk this world as a spirit, never knowing Valhalla. Nor Heaven.

The screaming began as I pushed the door open, letting my warriors pour into the church. It was full of people, yet there was more than enough room for those that had been clamoring at the door. The church was even more richly decorated than the church at the fortress of Sigiburg -- the walls were painted with pictures of Jesus and the cross he bore, detailing the stories of the bible. As were the richness of the decorations, I noted, spotting a candlestick of gold and silver.

I've never seen gold before. Yet, I knew it by sight. The tales spoken about it made it identifiable at the quickest glance. Blood splattered across them, droplets hitting the walls as it spilled out over the stone floor. It pooled underneath bodies of those that hadn't been able to flee to the back half of the church, but that didn't save anyone. The spaces between the stone floor acted as a ditch for the blood to follow as it spilled forward.

It was butchery, plain and simple. People tried to flee, crawling over each other in an attempt to live even for a second longer, willingly abandoning others to the blades of our warriors just to take a few more breaths. This slaughter, I decided, I could accept. These people deserved whatever fell upon them. The only thing worse in this world than a coward was a nithing, a creature with no honor.

These people had more in common with a nithing than not. They would find no pity nor mercy from me.

Approaching the altar, I saw another cross that was flanked with golden cups. The cross was even larger than the one I had found in Sigiburg. At least ten pounds worth of silver and gold intermixed. The craftsmanship that went into it… It had to come from the dwarves. What kind of deal did they strike with these cowards?

The cross was snatched up by a man wearing a familiar garb. A priest. Except different. His garb was more ornate than Otto's had been, and he wore a really funny-looking hat. He bared it towards me, showing me the Jesus figure on it. He used it as a totem, a symbol meant to repel me. "Begone! Be…gone!" He shouted as I stepped forward, a stain on his garb betraying that he had pissed himself and his bottom lip quivering told me of his fear.

What a wretched man. Grabbing the cross, I slammed it into his face, making him cry out as he instantly fell to the floor. "Coward," I spat the insult at him, raising my axe high. The last words that left his lips was a sickening plea for mercy I already told him he wouldn't receive. It was a bad death, I decided, ripping the cross from his hands.

I felt a hand thump me on the shoulder, and I saw the blood-covered smiling face of one of the warriors, "I knew you were the best bet to find wealth in this city, Wolf-Kissed!" He shouted, wielding a candlestick and two golden cups. Laying all around the church were corpses of cowards and fools. Some still lived, but I didn't care about their fate. He reached out a hand, "Thorkell Vainerson," he introduced himself.

"Siegfried Erikson," I returned, clasping arms with him. Letting go, we turned to see the looting of the church. Jewels being pried from walls, and a book, a bottle of wine was being shared while silver and gold were being tossed into a rapidly growing pile at the base of the altar, blood soaking the bottom layer of the treasure. The warriors just seemed to keep finding more and more and more of it. The dead were stripped as well, the jewelry and rings tossed into the pile.

"If you'll have us, Wolf-Kissed, we will swear to you," Thorkell informed, catching me off guard as we watched the pile grow at a pace that showed no signs of slowing down. "The gods favor you. Everyone knows it now. And I've found good work comes with those favored by the gods," he said, making me look up at him. He was covered in blood, but I saw that he had blonde hair and blue eyes. A scruffy-looking beard on his face, but he looked strong. A scalemail shirt over his broad shoulders, hands with a few rings on them.

I blinked, "What?" I questioned, earning a warm chuckle from the man.

"My warband has twenty-five warriors to it," he continued. "Good men. If a bit stupid. We joined this war to make our wealth, but… the only thing better than one big haul of silver and gold is a bunch of big hauls." He explained, and for some reason, the explanation didn't really sink in.

"And you think that's me?" I questioned, making his smile grow before he very pointedly gestured to the pile of treasure of glimmering silver and gold.

He tossed his cups and candle onto the pile, and with a little hesitation, I tossed the cross. "Have you ever been in a siege?" He asked me, still looking at the treasure. "One that's lasted more than one assault?"

"No, I haven't," I admitted with a hint of shame. How he spoke, it sounded like he had experienced many sieges.

"They're terrible things, really. A whole lot of boring. If you're not lucky, then a sickness happens and you end up shitting yourself to death. Can't stand sieges. When I saw these walls, I about wept. I thought we were going to end up stuck outside the city for weeks. Months. Sieges can last up to years, did you know that? Sounds like a fucking nightmare," Thorkell said, rambling a bit. "And, so far, because of you, we haven't had to deal with a single siege. Even that little standoff with this lot could have lasted days. Instead, you just kicked the door down."

He looked away from the treasure, "Wolf-Kissed… if you can promise me we'll never deal with an extended siege, then I'll follow you to the edge of the world." Thorkell told me, and I could feel the sincerity in his words. I could see it in his eyes. Tell Spotter didn't pick up on any falsehood. I could only imagine what had happened in the sieges that he experienced for him to hate them so. But he did.

I swallowed thickly before I offered a shallow nod, "I promise," I told him, reaching out and clasping my arm ring, making his smile grow until it nearly consumed his face.

"Great!" He shouted, "Now for the fun part! Dividing up the loot!"

What just happened?

…

The sacking of Cologne lasted for three days. The loot from the church was divided between me and the warband that had been led by Thorkell -- Thorkell ended up explaining the process to me. Loot could be divided into four shares essentially. I got two shares myself, the commanders got a share between them, and the last share was divided among everyone else. So, I got half of the loot, Thorkell got a quarter, and the last quarter went to the rest.

It didn't seem like a very fair way to divide the loot, so I wanted to lower my share to a share and a half, but Thorkell advised against it. He said sometimes less is more when it comes to the greed of men, and let me decide what I should do. I decided to heed his advice upon consulting my father.

Who hadn't been surprised that I ended up with warriors under my command. And he seemed to approve of Thorkell's- my warband. Jarl Horrik remained at the house of a nobleman, and Father informed me that his wound had gotten infected and he wanted to hide it from the men. I also profited from the sacking -- there were other homes of nobles and merchants and the like.

I was rich. Both in silver and gold, and in foodstuffs. My warband plundered bushels of grain, wheels of cheese, sacks filled with pepper kernels and other spices, fifty chickens, ten goats, a herd of cows and a herd of horses. That was after the division of loot. The entire army was rich, not just me.

Beyond that, the sacking was through. The only ones untouched by it were those I took under my protection. And, by the end, they were the only ones that weren't either enslaved or dead.

I could feel their gazes as we rode out of Cologne, far richer than when we had entered. I rode with my warband, Thorkell at my right as we kept pace with my Father and Jarl Horrik and his son. I didn't look at them. I left them something so they wouldn't starve in the coming days. I think they would be alright, but my protection of them ended the moment we left. They weren't thankful for it, at any rate. So, I wasn't waiting for a thank you or anything.

"What do we do now?" I asked Jarl Horrik, his shoulder bandaged and covered by his armor. He glanced over his shoulder at me, but it was Thorfinn that answered.

"We're retreating to Saxony. We got word from King Widukind that he's mustered up an army of five thousand. He crushed some Saxons that were still loyal to Charlemagne, but he's going to be meeting us at Sigiburg. That's where we'll be ransoming the people back. Then… we're done," Thorfinn said with a smirk at my surprised expression.

"We're leaving?" I questioned, looking at Jarl Horrik, who nodded at the question. He glanced over his shoulder, giving me a pointed look. I realized why we were going back so quickly. The adventure had been filled with a number of battles, but it was still early in summer. I thought we would be gone for most of the year.

He saw that I understood and nodded to confirm my thoughts, "Our numbers are too few. Both I and King Sigfred have lost half of our men," he said with a sigh. We lost another fifty men over the course of the past three days. Men too busy looting to look over their shoulders and getting a dagger in the back. "Returning with our riches gives us an opportunity to draw in more warriors to our banners. It also lets men spend them and be celebrated."

That, in turn, would solidify why Jarl Horrik should be King Horrik. That, in turn, would give us more men to work with and the ability to muster a greater army.

I smiled, eager to return home. Both to the farmstead I made for myself, and to my Father's to see the rest of my family.

I doubt they would even recognize me.

...

This chapter was bit of a weird one for me when I wrote it -- it was meant to be a straight battle chapter, but it felt too much like a retelling of taking the walls of the fort for my taste, so I switched things up. Instead, it became a bit more about character development for Seigfried and how he's come along since his first raid. He's a little more callous, a little more jaded, and his sense of right and wrong is still developing. He doesn't have a problem with raiding anymore, but he still sees the slaughter as something wasteful and needless. The whole 'the strong get to do what they like with the weak' is starting to resonate with him because it's pretty true at the time, but Sig is still of the opinion that you shouldn't be a massive dickhead just because you can be.

Another thing is his approach to honor. If you surrender when you can't win, he'll accept it even if he does find the lack of bravery shameful. If you fight when you know you can't win, he'll respect you for it and if he can spare you, he probably will. In a straight up fight, he'll just kill you and give the warrior death you deserve. But, if can fight and choose not to because of fear? No mercy for you and you deserve everything that you get.

I just figured I should put it in words because I know there are those that are wanting a 'Pillage, Rape, Burn' approach to vikings that would throw up their hands that Sig showed any amount of mercy to anyone.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Your Target, DragonCaster12 and 1,262 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 9, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Will of the Gods
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 16, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,360
"I don't think there's a business more profitable than war," I muttered to myself as the boats were being loaded up with cargo near Hedeby. It was a city that was even larger than Alabu. I thought that we would… stop by the city, but Jarl Horrik sent the army home to enjoy their prizes. The hundred odd ships were loaded up with all the wealth taken from our very profitable war in the Frankish Kingdom.

Ageric had been ransomed rather quickly. As had those that were taken for slaves in the wake of a defeat or the sacking of Cologne. I oversaw most of the negotiations between the Frank envoys. The five hundred odd men were sold back as a collective for one hundred pounds of silver, which would be distributed evenly between those that had taken slaves and included them in the sale. Though, not all had been sold back.

Ageric, however, had been a separate ransom. I had led the negotiations, having gotten used to haggling. When the Frankish envoy offered a hundred and fifty pounds of silver for the now duke Ageric, I instantly made a counteroffer of two hundred and fifty. We met in the middle and I gained a prize of two hundred pounds of silver. Twice the amount we got for hundreds of slaves. For a single man. It was absolutely mad. Otto left with Ageric, deciding to exercise his newfound freedom to become Ageric's personal priest.

He told me that he would keep me in his prayers. I told him he didn't need to, but he was oddly stubborn at times.

In a single season, I had gained much. Near two hundred and thirty pounds of silver and twenty pounds of gold. A herd of animals -- chickens, goats, sheep, cows, and horses. A hundred bushels of various grains and spices, like pepper kernels. I also gained command of a warband twenty-five strong while earning much renown for myself. I did my job well, everyone in the army knew the name Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed, and those that returned to Hedeby would spread my deeds.

My entire fortune changed. I was already wealthy in terms of land, but now I had material wealth. There were thegns that weren't as well off as I was. I intended to use that wealth well and I was generous with it with my family, and my newfound warband. Thorkell called it buying loyalty, but I had so much that it seemed greedy to horde all my good fortune to myself.

Beyond material wealth, I gained a number of perks for Diplomacy and Stewardship, in the domains of Negotiation, Economic Management, and Asset Management. The two domains were tightly bound together, I was learning. Diplomacy to gain wealth and Stewardship to use it. Negotiation for the thralls and the ransoms gave me a large amount of exp, and the money given in turn gave me Stewardship exp.

For Diplomacy, I had a few options.

Reasonable
When negotiating, appearing reasonable is more important than being reasonable. Your unreasonable offers will be treated as if they were more reasonable than they normally would… or should.​

Known Desires
Knowing what the other party wants is the foundation of all negotiations. Known Desires grants an instinctual feeling for what the other party wants… and what they are willing to part with.​

Both were useful, as all of the gods' gifts tended to be. However, Known Desires seemed overall more useful. The two working together would be a powerful combination, so I fully intended to get both. For now, however, I settled on picking Known Desires first. After that were the Stewardship gifts. The gains from the war were so expansive that I had two separate domains to choose from.

For Economic Management, I had a choice between:

Fortune Spotter
It takes money to make money, and with Fortune Spotter, gambles on investments are more likely to work out with a tidy profit.​

Item Worth
Upon a glance, an item's intrinsic value will be revealed for local markets.​

I chose Item Worth. Mostly because I think it had the most immediate use for me. Fortune Spotter sounded like it relied on me finding opportunities -- like maybe a skilled craftsman wanting to open up a workshop but needing money to start. However, that didn't really happen very often. More than that, opportunities like that belonged to the duties of a Jarl. Item Worth, however, had a lot of immediate use. For starters, I would know the exact price I should haggle towards for an item and what I should sell above.

Lastly, there was Asset Management, the choices being:

Hardy
Men and beast under your command and ownership have an increased constitution.​

Rustic
Items and property under your ownership incur fewer maintenance costs.​

Hardy was clearly the best choice. Preventing sickness in animals was a great boon by itself, but… my warband also gained the benefits of an increased constitution? I wasn't such a tight purse that I would deny my men such a boon. I was gladdened that the gods saw fit to expand their blessings beyond just me. I hoped that they would offer something that would help members of my family eventually.

In all, going to war had probably been one of the greatest things that had ever happened to me in my life.

"Heh," Thorkell chuckled, clearly amused, overhearing my mutterings. "There's a good reason why men love war so much. Spend this haul right, and you'll never have to wield an axe again." He noted as the ship was being loaded. The look that he gave me told me he didn't find that likely.

Neither did Thorfinn, who stood next to me as we watched a hundred ships being loaded, "Nonsense. You can never have too much silver and gold!" He decided, looking at a ship that he had bought from one of the Jarls of King Sigfred. As much wealth as I had made, it couldn't be compared to the amount that Jarl Horrik or King Sigfred had made. The same system I used was used by them, so they got a portion of my haul as well. And what was left over was still an insane amount of wealth. "The Franks have proved themselves rich. These ships will be filled with old warriors and new alike."

Havi nodded as we watched, but said nothing. Thorfinn reached out and thumped me on the shoulder, "Think of the prizes inland! You aren't going to let a little success turn you away from the warrior's path, are you?" He asked me, and I scoffed.

I liked farming. I did. However, it couldn't be denied that war was far more rewarding. How long would it have taken to peacefully earn the same amount I had just gained? A lifetime? Two? Three? There were many that had farms far bigger than mine that didn't have a fraction of the wealth I did.

"You'd have to bind me in chains to stop me from joining you," I admitted. I liked farming but I had found my taste for war. I could stomach pillaging now that I had reaped the rewards for it. Thorfinn approved, throwing his arm over my shoulders.

"That's what I like to hear!" He decided before he leaned in, "My father speaks of making you a Thegn. You already are one in practice, but you will be given Ivarstead and Elephant to rule over." He told me, making me stiffen. "Don't be so modest, Wolf-Kissed. My father would be a fool to not recognize your talents. And my father is no fool."

He brought me in closer, "We're practically brothers already. My sister reaches adulthood this spring. And it's only natural to look after kin, yeah?" He said, stating the obvious but when I looked to him, Tell Spotter didn't react. I think he was definitely hinting at something, but he wasn't lying about anything.

"Of course," I agreed. Me and Thorfinn… we didn't really know each other. I had seen him and spoken to him a number of times, but I would hesitate to call us friends. Not to mention there had been a time where he avoided me, but I suspected that was because I had witnessed his father berate him. So, the sudden friendliness caught me off guard, but it wasn't unwelcome.

Thorfinn was likely to be the next Jarl. Being on good terms with him only made sense, and I didn't find him disagreeable. I was just surprised.

"To think you would marry before me," Havi sighed, earning a grin from me. "I should probably start looking to settle down too. Start a family of my own."

"I think you already have some kids," Thorfinn remarked, earning a chuckle from Havi. "Finding a good wife is something best left to mothers, though. The women you want to be with don't tend to make good wives, even if they are a good lay." That was a little surprising. I didn't expect him to have that opinion.

Havi shrugged, "Maybe. My mother has been bringing up girls for years but they're all so skinny. Or they nag. Or mother doesn't know that every boy in the village has been with her," he added, earning a laugh from Thorfinn. I knew the girl he spoke about too. She seemed nice.

"You'll have more choices now. Fathers will be throwing their daughters at you by the bunch," Thorfinn said as the call to set sail echoed out with a horn blast. My warband got onto Thorfinn's ship that was heavy with cargo. "Jill should be an agreeable wife to you, Siegfried. A pretty thing. Her meekness just means you won't ever have to beat her for her nagging. But, I've found the occasional slap is a good reminder."

My lips thinned and Thorkell spotted the look and hid a smirk. It was a normal thing for a man to beat a woman and a rarer thing for a woman to beat a man. It wouldn't be wrong to say that it was expected. But I had seen the love between my father, mother, and Ida. My father had never once taken a hand to either of them. Some might call him weak for enduring arguments that he could settle with a slap, but I didn't think so.

That's what I wanted. I imagine it's what Jill would want to.

"Wait, Siegfried, have you ever been with a girl?" Havi asked me, making my face burn, which was answer enough for him. "Really?"

"I'm going to be married," I pointed out, but even Thorfinn was on Havi's side. There was a small lurch as the wind caught the sail. In an instant, it went from a loose canvas to catching a powerful wind. Thorkell looked over at the water over the side, a puzzled look on his face as he reached his hand into the water.

Blistering Speed. I had almost forgotten it, but it was seeing its first use at sea. As promised, the wind was pushing us forward and even a current was helping us along. Thorkell looked at me, but I didn't meet his gaze as I listened to Thorfinn.

"You should know at least a dozen women before you wed. And it's not like you only have to bed my sister. Gods, I would go mad if I only ever fucked my wife. What would I have done in the past few weeks?" He questioned, earning a laugh from Havi. "Do you even know how it works? The process?" He asked me and I nodded. I had seen enough sex to know what went where.

Though, that didn't stop him from giving specifics.

Blistering Speed cut a three-day trip into two and it still felt like it took too long. I knew far more about Thorfinn's exploits with women than I ever wanted to. The same with Havi. He and Thorfinn got along well. Better than Thorfinn and I did, at any rate.

Regardless, a day later, we were sailing into the welcoming port of Alabu. A crowd gathered to welcome us back home and they cheered as we set foot on the docks. Then they saw the amount of treasure that spilled out from chests that couldn't close because they were so packed and the cheering became deafening. Jarl Horrik was celebrated as a returning hero, even though it had been less than a month since we set sail.

The army disembarked, some pulling their ships on the sandy beach. However, it couldn't be denied that we were returning home with far fewer men than we set out with. We set sail with some odd thousand and we returned with just over six hundred. Four hundred men.

"What's going to happen to them?" I asked Thorkell, spotting a woman that covered her hands with her face as someone spoke softly to her. She looked young. Old enough to be a wife. And to be a widow.

"They'll survive off of the bride price they got when they were married. If they haven't already spent it. The young ones will find another man to marry. The older ones will hopefully have children to rely on," He answered, offering a small shrug, not caring about it one way or the other.

I mulled that over, seeing the importance of the bride price now. If I had fallen in battle, and Jill and I were married, then… then she would have been forced to use that money for survival. To raise the children if we had any. To rely on our families. "And if they don't?"

Thorkell was silent at that, and I knew his answer. "Have the men learn the families that fell. I want to give them some money -- a few coins." I told him, glancing up at Thorkell to see he had a serious expression on his face.

"It's your call, but I wouldn't recommend it. You give handouts once and they'll expect them for the rest of your life. You made a good amount of wealth, no one is denying that, but you can't provide for everyone," He told me. And I saw the truth in his words, but…

It would make me feel better. Because the men that I had killed, their families would be facing the same crisis. In battle, I had no problem with killing. But condemning women and children to starve didn't settle well with me.

"Do it. I'll give them a coin," I decided. Not a great amount, but they wouldn't go hungry in the following weeks. Thorkell nodded, obeying the order without complaint. It would have to wait for later because we were brought into the longhouse. Jarl Horrik took his seat, while his wife Oydris kissed him on the lips to celebrate his return.

And that was when the celebrations began. The wine that was looted from the church was brought out and cracked open, filling curved horns and mugs. Animals that were brought for the feast were sacrificed and cooked while the pilfered cheese, fruits and berries were arranged on platters. The entire city was getting involved, including the warriors that had returned. Stories were being told of the battles and I heard at least a dozen different interactions already. Some of them I couldn't even recognize as the battles I fought in.

However, I heard the name Wolf-Kissed many times on people's lips. The number of times was about equal to how many toasts I had to do, each time drinking deeply from my horn and the sweet wine within. I ordered mead or ale, but wine wasn't bad either. Before long, my face started to feel numb from the drink, and to keep my wits, I started taking smaller sips.

It was a fine feeling to be celebrated. To be lavished with attention and praise. I never imagined the taste of victory could be so sweet. During the feast, I played games like wrestling, which I won, archery, which I also won, then drinking competitions that I lost. Mostly because my stomach was already full of wine before I even started.

"Wolf-Kissed! Wolf-Kissed! Where are you?!" I heard someone shout. I ignored it mostly because I heard my name mentioned so many times, but when people started putting me on the back, I realized it was Jarl Horrik that was shouting my name. I stood up from the bench I sat on -- which I don't recall sitting down at -- but Jarl Horrik waved me over. "There you are! Come on up here!"

I slowly made my way over, noticing all eyes were on me, including Father's, so I tried to not seem like a drunk fool. Even if my feet were determined to feel like wood blocks. All the while, Jarl Horrik continued. "The story is one you've probably heard already to the point it's already overstayed its welcome, but it's worth repeating one last time! The story of the hill of arrows," he decided.

I turned to look out at the crowd, all of them looking at me. I looked down at myself to make sure I was presentable to see that at some point I had spilled wine on my tunic. When did that happen?

"The arrows damn near blotted out the sun," Jarl Horrik said and it felt like I had missed the beginning part of the story. "They fell upon us like they were rain, our shields splintering like driftwood, there were so many. Our archers fell one by one until it was only Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed that stood alone. I watched him move out of the way of arrows that would have struck him dead.-"

I blinked and my vision began to grow hazy. I blinked it away to listen to the story, but when I heard the words, it felt like I missed another chunk. "I've never seen anything like it. The rest of us protected ourselves with our shields and prepared ourselves for our chosen day. Yet, Siegfried threw his hands out wide open, inviting the Franks to challenge our gods' might and protection! Every single arrow missed him -- every one! Oh, they came close. A good dozen nearly struck him dead, but nearly isn't enough, now is it?!" Jarl Horrik shouted and the crowd sounded… distant?

I looked to them to see that they hadn't moved anywhere. Yet, for some reason, it felt as if my ears were full of water. Licking my lips, I found my mouth dry. Bringing the horn to my lips, I wetted my mouth with the bitter wine. It tasted of vinegar… when did we run out of the good wine?

"Yet the gods decided that it was not Siegfried's chosen day. The arrows landed all around him and the Franks! Oh, I cannot describe the stench of shit that came from five thousand Frank warriors!" There was some laughing at that while I swallowed thickly, my vision going blurry again. Was this what it was like to be drunk? Beyond feeling a bit lightheaded?

How could anyone stand this? I felt awful.

"Then he charged the enemy, running down the hill like he intended to kill them all himself. He might have, but I didn't want him to have all the glory-" Jarl Horrik cut himself off when his attention snapped to me. Not because of anything I did, beyond getting my horn smacked out of my hand and spilling its contents over the floor.

Blinking slowly, I saw it was Jill. "Hel-gerk," I grunted, finding my tongue incredibly clumsy in my mouth. Jill didn't respond.

"He's been poisoned!" She shouted, and I opened my mouth to protest that I was just a little extremely drunk, but when she reached out to me, my legs chose that moment to give out from underneath me. I half collapsed onto her, my head swimming as I found it hard to breathe. It felt like no matter how deep of a breath I took, too little air made it into my lungs.

The response to her shout was instant. I saw Thorkell jump to his feet while Father did as well. Father grabbed the horn while Jarl Horrik was shouting for everyone to calm down. I struggled to stand on my own two feet, but my vision was darkening. I had been poisoned? Who had poisoned me?

No, not… not the time, I thought as I obeyed Emergency Aid and unceremoniously stuck my fingers down my throat and emptied my stomach over the dirt floor. I heard shouting all around me, drowning Jarl Horrik's demands for everyone to settle down. "Sorry, about your dress," I muttered, seeing that I had gotten some vomit on Jill's dress.

"What?" She asked me and I realized I had spoken in Latin. And maybe Germanic? I couldn't tell or remember. Swallowing the taste of vomit, I did feel a bit better. "We have to get you out of here," Jill decided, dragging me to the door and it was only then that I noticed that my warband had formed up around me.

"Who…?" I questioned her, limping forward as my head began to pound. My breathing still felt too hard for how much air entered me. Jill didn't respond and simply kept moving. I guess she didn't hear me. When I heard a shout behind me, I tried to turn around, only for my head to swim before everything went dark. The last thing I heard was Jill shouting for me to wake up.

…

His son had been poisoned. The thought of it filled Erik's veins with white hot rage as they retreated from the building. Havi spoke of a Morrigan, the witch of the wilds that had helped save his son when he had been attacked by a pack of wolves, who could save him. He seemed certain of it.

Erik searched the crowd for the poisoner. The one that tried to take another one of his son's from him. "Have you no shame?!" He roared at the crowd, Horrik's rage matching his own. "Poison? Reveal yourself to me, coward!" Erik screamed at the crowd, who demanded the same. His son was popular with the men. Many understood that if it wasn't for him, they wouldn't have the prizes that they did. Odds were, they would still be outside Sigiburg to this day.

The losses Siegfried avoided in that siege made it possible to win those battles, then sack Cologne. They knew that. Which is why Erik couldn't pick out the nithing that tried to assassinate his son. All the faces looked disgusted or horrified or furious. Erik looked to his lifelong friend, almost pleading for help.

Horrik's expression was thunderous. The number of times Erik has seen Horrik work himself up in such a rage could be counted on one hand with a few fingers left over. "No one leaves! Jill, get your arse back in here!" Horrik roared, trembling with rage. "No one dares leave until I know who tried to murder a guest of honor UNDER MY ROOF!" he bellowed, throwing his cup at the crowd that hit some unfortunate sod in the face.

Siegfried's warband continued on despite the Jarl's order, but Jill returned, as did Havi. The latter looked utterly bewildered. Jill, however, wore a mask of fury that matched his own. You'd think they had been married for so long they'd be sick of each other instead of barely being betrothed.

"Who? How did you know?!" He demanded of his daughter and the shouts in the longhouse died down just enough for Jill to voice her answer. But, first, Erik saw her take a glance at Havi, and his heart sunk like a stone. It couldn't be-

But, when Jill spoke, he almost wished that it had been his son Havi that tried to kill Siegfried.

"I knew because Thorfinn told me I wouldn't be married!" She shouted at the top of her lungs, making sure that the entire longhouse heard her. Erik's gaze snapped to Thorfinn, who appeared stunned at the accusation.

"I said no such thing! The bitch is lying!" He shouted, jumping from his seat to point an accusatory finger at her. "I welcomed Siegfried to the family, you dimwitted whore!" He shouted back at her and the entire longhouse descended into pure chaos. People were shouting this and that, but Erik deafened his ears to it. He only looked to Horrik, his age-old friend. The man that gave him a farm. That he fought beside in so many battles.

And Erik saw it.

Horrik looked to Thorfin. His son. He was alarmed… but not surprised.

Thorfinn tried to murder Siegfried. He was alarmed by the failure, but not the attempt. Betrayal was always Horrik's nature and it seemed that it was at long last time for Eirk to feel that bitter bite. A bite he suspected he already felt the sting of before.

"It was you!" He shouted, veins bulging in his neck as he pressed forward. Horrik looked at him, his eyes narrowed into slits, but he didn't care. Erik pressed on to Thorfinn, despite the number of bodyguards that he had surrounded him. Horrik wouldn't get his hands dirty. He used people just like he used words. Thorfinn tried to kill Siegfried with poison? The coward. The type of coward that would slit a man's throat from behind when they were fighting in a shieldwall together.

It was as if his body had a will of its own, his actions guided by the gods because he pressed forward to Thorfinn and he saw fear in Horrik's oldest son. "You murdered my son! You nithing! I demand justice! I challenge you!" Erik screamed at the top of his lungs, getting shoved back by the men guarding Thorfinn. His rage grew in his chest. "I'll tear out your eyes and fuck your skull until you die!"

"I didn't do anything! Father! Stop him," Thorfinn shouted, backing up until his back hit the wall of the longhouse. Erik, despite his fury, looked at Horrik. The man who knew that his son had murdered one of his own. Who knew all along. And now he had nearly murdered another of his children.

Horrik met his gaze evenly, the rage having left his friend as he realized who the true culprit was. His gaze flickered to his Hel-spawn of a son that couldn't even kill a man in a duel so he resorted to poison. Erik saw Horrik make his decision, "Seize them both!" He shouted, and Erik saw red. He knew what this meant.

He had seen Horrik play the same trick so many times. Did his friend think he didn't know him? After so many years?

Having them both restrained meant he could choose which one of them was at fault. He would have his men spread false words and vile poison in the ears of the people. So, when he gave the verdict that Horrik wanted, the crowd would support it with great cheer.

The fact that Horrik didn't approve of the holmgang told Erik all that he needed to know.

With a roar that sounded like it couldn't come from a man ripping from Erik's throat, he lunged forward, slamming a meaty fist into the face of some barely bearded youth, flattening his nose and rattling every tooth in his skull. His other hand went to his seaxe at his belt and Erik pulled it free just as the other guard lunged for him and his dagger caught the man in the throat. Thorfinn's eyes widened as Erik came for the boy -- a creature with no honor. That hid behind the name of his father. A coward that he was going to beat to death for the murder of his boy Kirk. Barely a man.

"Stop this!" Horrik demanded, going for Erik as he intended to slit the boy's throat. Come what may. Havi was a smart boy, so he would have run by now. He-

Erik heard a clash behind him, and Havi didn't have half of the wits that Erik thought he did, but it made him damn proud to see Havi slay a man that intended to drive a knife between his ribs. Havi would die. Erik knew it. Just as he knew that he would die.

But only fools feared death. It came for all men. Today was just their day to die.

Erik roared and his son roared with him as the longhouse descended into violence. People threw punches and kicks, some picking up arms but Erik paid them no mind. A man lunged for him so Erik punched him in the side of the head, stepping over the table that separated him from the frog-spawn from him. Thorfinn dove to the side, going for a knife, but Erik was faster, his boot taking him in the ribs. Erik felt a pinch in his side, and he saw the knife belonged to Freyja, Horrik's first wife and the mother of his son's murderer. He backhanded her hard enough that her head snapped to the side.

Taking another step forward, he stomped on Thorfinn's leg, snapping it. He screamed until Erik seized him by the throat, taking his dagger before slashing it across Thorfinn's eyes. The boy turned his head to the side at the last second, so he only cut one of them out. Erik was ready to take out the other when he felt a familiar weight slam into him, knocking him away from the piece of liquid shit that murdered his son.

"Damn you, Erik! Damn you for this!" Horrik shouted at him, driving a seaxe deep into Erik's gut. Erik grunted before he slammed his forehead into Horrik's nose, then punched him. He had always been the stronger of the two. And he proved it by punching him in the face a second time, knocking a tooth free. Horrik stumbled back, ripping the seaxe from Erik's guts. Both men bare their bloody teeth at each other, decades of friendship ended with a single decision.

But, Erik's attention was stolen when out of the corner of his eye, he saw Havi being stabbed in the throat. Erik's heart dropped as his son did, knowing that he would die didn't prepare him for witnessing it. Havi's hands went to his throat, but he more than proved his bravery by stabbing his killer in the stomach. A slow wound that would surely kill him. His son gargled on his blood before falling to the floor, gasping for a moment before going still. He clenched his teeth, but at the moment that his attention faltered by witnessing the death of another one of his children, Horrik wasn't idle.

He felt a pinch in his chest and Erik had enough experience with killing to know the blade had found his heart. Slowly, he looked to Horrik, his gaze meeting his old friends. There was remorse, there. But resolve.

"I curse you," Erik spat blood on his face, fighting to remain on his feet as the strength bled out of him. "I curse you. I curse your family. May… you never be welcomed into Odin's hall. I curse you.. to forever… to… wander the earth. After… my son...my...son…" the words failed him as his vision darkened, his strength failing him.

The last thing Erik felt was his body falling… yet he never felt the impact.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,242 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 16, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Oath of Vengeance
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 23, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,472
"He's waking up," I heard someone say as a low groan escaped my throat, the pounding in my head waking me up. It felt like someone was using the insides of my skull as a wardrum. I felt something being pressed to my lips, but I spilled it against my face when I turned to the side. "It's water. You need to drink," I heard another voice say and with the utmost reluctance, I parted my lips and let the water flow into my dry mouth. My tongue felt swollen, and my throat caked in sand, yet the moment the water reached my stomach, I felt it clench.

Before I had even drank more than a gulp, I found myself leaning over to vomit, only for nothing to come out. It was only then that I noticed that I was covered in furs, and in a bed. Peeling my eyes open, I saw I was in a familiar house just before my gaze met an equally familiar golden-eyed gaze.

There was fear in her eyes. Her expression was sorrowful. My brow furrowed, "Morrigan… is… everything alright?" I asked her, my voice coming out as a croak as I started to straighten up. My head still pounded, and I felt strangely cold for being covered in winter furs. Morrigan looked away from me as she stood up. Was her mother…

Wait…

"What about the feast? How'd I get here?" I started to wonder, trying to grasp at my last memories but they shifted in my hands like smoke, slipping between my fingers. The last thing I recalled was listening to Jarl Horrik tell a story, then Jill… Jill said that I was poisoned? Then I passed out, but that didn't explain why I was here with Morrigan.

Morrigan turned her back to me, saying nothing. I searched her back for a long moment, then my gaze began to catch details. We weren't inside the cottage that I had built for Morrigan on the property. We were in the Wise Woman's hovel and I was in the ancient woman's bed. It almost appeared the same the last time that I saw it -- the same old wood, the effigies, and herbs hanging from the ceiling, only the herbs appeared old and brittle. It didn't make any sense.

My farmstead was a two-day journey from the city of Alabu. The Wise Woman's hovel was even further. How did I get here? And why was I here, sleeping in Morrigan's mother's bed?

"We… were attacked," Morrigan began, her voice slow and heavy. There was a weight there that she didn't normally speak with. "After you left. About half a month," she continued, and my heart began to clench in my chest. "They came when your brother was unearthing trees. He… wanted to surprise you, t'is my thinking. That you would come back to find another acre of farmland ready for cultivation."

My throat tightened up, "What happened?" I asked her, pushing the covers back. She didn't even turn to face me when I just about collapsed when I found that my legs didn't have any strength within them. I felt ill. A sickness seeping into my soul as a taint poisoned my body.

"Your brother Tormond is dead," Morrigan said, turning around slowly, and she seemed to be on the verge of tears because of it. "T'is the fate of all those that were on the farm. I merely heard screaming early one morning, and when I stepped out… I saw a dozen warriors come out of the trees to attack your farm. Like the ones that had done so before. They all died. The farm was burnt down. I… am so sorry, Siegfried." She told me as I sat heavily on the bed, reeling from her words.

My tongue felt clumsy in my mouth, a hand dragging down my face. "Kirk was murdered during the battles in Frankland," I spoke, and beyond my weakness, I felt something ignite inside of me. Something that filled my veins and nestled in my stomach like a fire. "Then someone tried to kill me," I continued, my voice slow and deliberate.

Someone was trying to murder my family. Tormond was dead. Killed. While I was away. Kirk had his throat slit during a battle from behind. I had lost two brothers this year.

This time, when I rose to my feet, I found the strength to keep standing, "Where is my Father? We need to get to the farm -- our family is being attacked," I said, not bothering to dress myself and simply wrapped a hide around my waist. It was then that the door opened to the hovel, and to my surprise, I saw it was Jill, still dressed in her feasting clothes. Her lips parted when she saw me, and I noticed that she was dirtier than I last saw her. Her skin was smudged with dirt and soot.

"Jill?" I questioned, very confused. Why would she be here?

"You're awake!" She exclaimed, rushing forward and nearly knocking me off my feet when she embraced me. Burying her face in the nook of my neck, I looked to Morrigan to see that she was looking at the ground. I had never seen Morrigan like this. It wasn't like her at all. Morrigan was haughty and fierce, always looking someone in the eyes and proving that her tongue was a sharp as a knife. More than anything else, the change in demeanor worried me.

"I am? What's going on? Where's my father? Where's Havi and the others?" I asked, wanting to get a grasp on the situation and I almost wish I hadn't when Morrigan spoke, meeting my eyes. She didn't spare my feelings. She told me the truth, no matter how much I wanted for it not to be true.

Morrigan was blunt, yet not unkind when she answered my original question, "Your father and brother are dead." Her lips thinned, "You were placed on a ship and sailed to your farm. I know not what transpired, but your father and brother were left behind in Alabu-"

"My brother poisoned you," Jill interjected. "Well, he didn't personally, but it was done on his orders. When your father found out that it was him… he went into a rage, Siegfried. He attacked Thorfinn, he was going to kill him when Havi told me to run away and join you. He… didn't follow me. I joined your warband on the ship they took because I accused my brother, and… he… they…" Jill trailed off, pulling back from me. She didn't need to say it. Morrigan already had.

My Father was dead. Tormond was dead. Kirk was dead. Havi was dead.

Swallowing thickly, I nodded. Without speaking, I began to dress. Jill and Morrigan watched me with worried expressions, uncertain on what to do or if they should try to help. I managed to dress myself with my own strength and I began to walk. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw them share a look before slowly following me.

Thorkell was outside of the hovel, who spared me a look up and down when I left the building. He offered a small nod to me, and at that moment, I could tell that he understood. He understood that clumsy words could never hope to convey. He fell in step behind me, and I saw the others had remained with us. I came to a stop, taking in a deep breath of air.

"All of you have a choice," I began, looking at Thorkell and the other men, then to Morrigan and Jill. "No matter what you choose, know that I will harbor you no ill will. My family has been marked for death," I spoke the words and they tasted so very bitter.

Why? Why would the gods allow this to happen? Was I not favored by them? Did they not shower me with gifts and boons? What kind of punishment was this? For what? Did I not do well enough? Did I fail them in some way? If they were going to punish me, then they should punish me. They… my family…

"The Jarl will have made my family full outlaws," I spoke, not understanding it. I wanted to scream. I wanted to cry. Yet, I couldn't. Not yet. I would weep when the blood of my enemies soaked the earth and their screams of anguish filled the air. "The laws of men will no longer apply to us and any who carry our blood." That would be the punishment for attacking the family of a Jarl in plain view of everyone.

The situation was messy and I didn't really understand why things happened the way they did. Why would Thorfinn try to poison me? Had he been the one behind Kirk's murder? Because I couldn't see why King Sigfred would have Tormond killed and my farm destroyed. He just didn't gain anything from it. But, for that matter, I was unsure what Thorfinn could gain by killing me or my family. Their actions seemed almost senseless.

Because this had started before my name had been known. It had been the attack on the farm that brought attention to me. I wasn't the cause of the grudge against my family.

"Our property will be seized. To that end, I have nothing I can offer any of you," I told them, making Thorkell smirk. Perhaps that might not be as true as I thought, but the point still stood. "All of you can return to your lives and chances are, we will never meet again."

I took in a deep breath and let it out, "Or, you can come with me." I didn't elaborate. I couldn't promise them riches. I couldn't promise them land. I couldn't even promise them glory or honor. Because by associating with me, they would find themselves outcasts in society. My enemies were many. I was uncertain if King Sigfred was still on that list because now I considered that Thorfinn had been the spy.

Thorkell stepped forward and patted me on the back, "I already told you -- so long as there are no sieges, I'd follow you to the edge of the world. And over it, if that's what you wanted," Thorkell proclaimed, surprising me with his quick decision. I swallowed thickly, not wanting to shame myself by weeping. His words spurred the others to voice theirs -- the men of my warband quickly proclaimed their loyalty.

"My family will hate me for what I did. My brother… I will not be welcomed home," Jill admitted, holding her head up high. She had always been rather quiet, meek even since she had run away from me once. I was pleased to see that beneath that was a core of strength. "I have nowhere else to go. I would like to come with you if you would have me."

My gaze slid to Morrigan, who looked away. I thought that might be her answer before she let out a frustrated sigh, "The debt you owe is still withstanding -- home and hearth. I shan't allow you to so easily shirk your obligations." She said, and I smiled, my spirit feeling a little lighter. I wasn't alone in this.

But, I would soon learn how untrue that was.

…

I could barely look at the farm. The house that I had built was reduced into blackened wood and ash. I didn't look upon the graves for the bodies, though I was glad to learn that Morrigan and the others had taken care of it while I was unconscious. The only reason we went to the farm was because it housed the ship that had been stolen from Alabu. Luck would have it that it was Thorfinn's ship, and it was loaded with the treasure I had earned during the war. I suspected that it was there because Thorfinn planned to steal it.

The men loaded up, and once again, we found a strong wind as the currents helped us forward. Even anyone noticed the unnatural current, then they said nothing as they rowed while I gathered my strength. And prepared myself for what I could find. My farmstead was a two-day journey, but my father's was a day and a half from Alabu. However, it was only a handful of hours by ship.

It had only been a single night since I had passed out and been poisoned. If Jarl Horrik sent the order to seize my family's home right after the attack on his son, then I could be several hours too late if he sent someone from the sea. Or, I could be back just in time.

There was a powerful silence as we sailed to my family's home. Twice, I had sailed this river to sail up to Alabu. I knew the signs that we were getting close. My mind wandered despite my attempts to focus. I tried to figure it all out, but it felt like I was missing pieces. Like I heard a tale without the beginning, middle, or ending parts that gave any context or lead up to the conclusion.

Thorfinn's actions didn't make any sense. At all. Even ignoring everything he said to me, I couldn't find what would motivate him to hate my family so much. Had my father done something? Had my brothers? Had I? What blood feud did he have with us? To the point that he might have acted as a spy for King Charlemagne -- how many had died because he warned the Frankish King if it was him that did so?

Even if he was plotting against King Sigfred, which was the only thing that could explain why he would betray the army, it still didn't explain… why us? Why did he hold such a grudge against us?

I wanted answers. Jill might have some. However, by the time I was willing to break the silence that filled the ship, my heart plummeted when I saw smoke drifting up even before we rounded the curve of the river. It felt like an incredible weight was being pressed onto my shoulders, and like the poison that still flowed through my veins, it seemed to grip my throat and rob me of my breath. No one said anything as we continued towards the source of the smoke, all of us knowing exactly what it meant.

As we rounded the bend, I saw a familiar beach where I would lay my fish traps. I saw that they were still out. I also saw an unfamiliar ship moored on the beach, and my heart began to thunder in my chest. Standing from where I sat at the back of the ship, I strode forward while we approached the beach, Thorkell knowing our destination without words. With no hesitation, I leaped from the boat, landing in ice-cold waist-deep water.

The gods were very cruel, I decided, walking onto the beach, clenching my axes that I had ready for this exact outcome. All of us had our one day. The day that we would die. It was decided the moment that we were born, or even before then. I understood that I couldn't blame the gods because it was my family's day. No one could deny fate. However, it was so cruel. So very cruel to be given such gifts that had such a terrible cost. To give with one hand and to take with another.

I walked up a familiar path, my feet carrying me to my destination because they knew the way. It was a poor time to think it, but I hadn't seen my mother in over half a year. Neither Brandr nor his wife Asta. I never saw my nephew either. Nor my sisters. Nor Ida. There hadn't felt like there was enough time, yet now I realized how utterly worthless the time spent on the farm was. All that effort to impress the father of the man that attacked my family, who could have been aware of that plot… who would have labeled me an outlaw.

What a waste of time. I should have just stayed with my family.

My spirit was in my waterfilled boots as I stepped through the treeline, seeing my home. The home I spent most of my life in. The fields looked burnt, the crop having grown a smidge. They were clear and it was a familiar sight. It felt more like home than the house I built.

Then I heard laughing.

My body moved before I put any thought to it. I heard a great many voices. Around fifteen, if I had to guess. I entered the property of my childhood home, my feet taking me up a familiar path, drawn forward by old memories and the sounds of good cheer. I nearly missed a step when I caught sight of a body in the doorway, collapsed there in a pool of dried blood. I hardened my heart for what I was about to see, but it didn't make the sight of Brandr's corpse any easier.

A hack at the chest, near the heart. The first blow would have killed him, but he was ravaged with a dozen more. I stepped inside of my childhood home, almost feeling like a stranger, even as I heard laughing from the men that sacked my home. They jested and cheered, filling my chest with a terrible anger. But, even as I entered my home, I didn't see another body. I saw that my home had been ransacked, but I didn't see the rest of my family. No blood was spilled upon the ground or a corpse.

I didn't dare let hope blossom inside of me, knowing that it may not mean anything. I could still stumble across the bodies of Solveig and Helga. Of Mother and Ida. Of Asta and her babe, Arne. Or Halfdan and Haldur.

Stepping out of the home, I rounded the corner to see that the rest of my warband was creeping forward to prepare an ambush. I didn't bother with that. The weakness in my body was gone, replaced with something raw and intense. The men that did the deed that were feasting around a fire, a slaughtered pig on a spoke. They helped themselves to my family's supplies, all of them merry. All of them enjoying themselves. They were seated in a circle around it, and my gaze slid over them all -- all of them were well-armed. Shields, spears, axes, and scale mail.

"Are you the ones that attacked my farm up the river?" I spoke up, making the men flinch as they leaped to their feet, all of them missing me in their own enjoyment. I looked between their faces, looking for someone that I recognized. I found one. A warrior that had been on the raid to Saxony before the war last year. Actually, I recognized a couple of them. These…

These people were Jarl Horrik's hird. Some of them, at least.

"Aye," one spoke up, a man around Brandr's age confidently stated. "That was us! The Wolf-Kissed has handed himself to us," he said with a smile. Though, he seemed a bit puzzled when I smiled back at him.

I let out a small breath of relief, "Really? That's good," I decided, giving a small nod of my head. "That's good. If it wasn't you, then I was going to butcher everyone in Alabu. Just to make sure that I repaid the blood debt." I spoke, my voice cold to my own ears.

Kirk. Father. Havi. Tormond. Brandr. The rest of my family was missing.

That wiped the smile off of his face, prompting another to speak up. Baldur, I believe. "Your father attacked the Jarl, Wolf-Kissed. Blinded his boy in an eye. His daughter was kidnapped," he said, his gaze sliding to someone behind me. Jill, in all likelihood. "Your family has been branded as skalgamores."

I tilted my head, "That's fair," I agreed, and instead of reassuring Baldur, that just seemed to make him more nervous. "But the attack on the farm was before we were branded skalgamores." I pointed out, looking to the younger man, who shifted where he stood.

He offered a shrug. "It… we were told to make it look like a slave revolt," he said, but that didn't answer why. Why? Why did this happen? Why was my family killed?

"Don't tell me yet," I told him, holding up my axe to stop Thorkell's approach with my warband. "I want to torture the answers from you first," I said. Rage didn't feel like I thought it did. I thought I knew what rage was back when Kirk had been murdered. When my veins had filled with fire, anger tainted every thought, and nothing could lift the foul mood I was in.

This was different. I wanted them to hurt. I wanted them to suffer. I wanted them to scream in agony as they died.

So, I did. The poisoning weakened me, but it was more than made up for the white-hot rage that flowed through me. It was a fool's errand, even still. The only thing that saved me was the fact that none of them were prepared to actually fight. Most of them seemed varying degrees of drunk. But, my gifts from the gods made all the difference.

An image of my family flashed in my mind…

And then I was surrounded by corpses.

My mind didn't go dark like some men spoke of when they had too much to drink and they lashed out as if possessed by an evil spirit. I could feel it when I hacked the men apart, dragging my blade over one's stomach to toss his entrails into the bonfire. Or when I broke another's leg, bracing a foot against his ribcage and pulling with all my might to tear the limb clean off, screaming a wordless roar of hate and loss all the while.

I was aware of all of it, but it felt like someone else was doing it. Blood soaked my clothing, it covered every inch of my skin and dripped from my axes in a steady stream. My chest heaved with exertion, my body felt sore and beyond it, I felt the stinging pain from a number of wounds. Looking around, I just saw bodies. Some of them looked like they had been ravaged by a wild animal.

But, not all of them were dead. I saw the man that had spoken earlier, the member of the band that had attacked my farm.

He crawled back, his eyes wide with fear. "You-" He started, but his voice failed him. His mouth moved like he was saying words, but no words came out. He just crawled away from me, his face one of absolute terror. Even tears started to form in his eyes.

"That's no good," I told him, striding towards him. "How are you going to impress the gods like that?" I asked him, wondering where that confidence that he had a minute ago went. He soaked his own trousers based on the wet spot between his legs. He'd run, but I don't think he was capable of it.

"I'm sorry," he forced out with a small shake of his head. "I-I'm so sorry."

I frowned, crouching down in front of him when his back hit the wall of my burnt-out home. "No. Not yet," I told him, holding up my axe. He flinched at the sight of it, and when I pressed the edge of it to his throat, he whimpered. "Do you have a name?" I asked him, and my voice sounded odd to my own ears.

"K-Kjell," he answered, making me tilt my head.

"Kjell?" I echoed. It sounded like all the emotion had been drained from me, leaving me empty. "One of my sisters was going to marry a man named Kjell. He was supposed to be a renowned warrior." I observed, my gaze running the length of him. "Is that you? Were you going to marry my sister?"

Kjell shook his head, "That's not me."

"It is," Thorkell spoke up, his voice so serious that I could only compare it to when he made me vow to never bring him to a siege. "He bragged to everyone in Alabu that he had been engaged to the most beautiful redhead girl in the entire world. That he was practically a thegn with the dowry that your father gave."

I nodded, "Hm." I grunted, my gaze meeting Kjell's, and now tears did fall from his eyes. Some warrior. Weeping like a little girl, disavowing his own name to save his skin? Coward. Spending eternity in Hel was too kind for his like. "I'm going to ask you a question, Kjell. I'm only going to ask it once. After that, I'm going to kill you. Do you understand?" I asked him, pressing the edge of my axe against the soft flesh of his belly after pulling up his gambison.

Kjell nodded fiercely, seeing a way to live. I'm not sure why he would want to after disgracing himself so thoroughly. He took part of a raid against the family whose daughter he was supposed to marry. "I don't know where your family is! Th-the only one that was here was the man -- you're elder brother! The rest of them were gone before we got here!"

The ice around my heart started to crack at the news. They could be alive. They got out. Why would they be gone? Could they have heard about the raid on my farmstead? Did Brandr send them away for their protection? Then why was he alone? Why didn't he go with them? Why-... Brandr and the others wouldn't have known about Kirk, Havi, or Father. They would have just known about the attack on my farm, if that was what sent them into hiding.

Brandr stayed behind to prove to Jarl Horrik that he was no coward. Fleeing the farm entirely would have been just as bad as being raided. He stayed behind so he would be able to tell me - our father -- what was going on and where our family was. Meaning… he died for nothing. He died with courage, but for nothing and he took our family's location with him to the grave.

The hope in my chest started to wilt. I had no idea where I would find them. Eventually, they would hear that our family was branded skalgamores. Should I search for them? Could I even find them if I tried? Or would that just put them in danger? My family hadn't been physically branded as skalgamores, which would force them to live on the edge of society. Meaning that they could go up to villages and settlements to live, but that was dangerous.

My mother… if she was still alive, then she would go away. Far from the lands of Jarl Horrik, where our red hair stood out. A place where they would be out of his reach. However, that was most of the world. My time in Saxony had shown me how small Jarl Horrik's holdings were. Even the Kingdom of Denmark that King Sigfred boasted.

I wasn't certain what to do about that. What I did know was that I needed to get a message to Horrik. "Thank you. Now, I want you to give Horrik a message to me. Him and his bastard sons and all of his kin," I snarled at him, withdrawing my axe from his belly.

Kjell breathed a little easier, "I can do that for you! What do you want me to tell him?"

"I want him to know that everything I do to you, I will do to him. I will do it to his sons. His grandsons. I'll inflict it on everyone that gets in my way to him," I told him and that hope bled away before the screaming began.

Rage was a powerful thing. As was hate. It could make you do things that you never thought that you were capable of. I always had an odd relationship with cruelty -- I never really had a taste for it. To most, I was rather soft-hearted and they weren't wrong. However, what I had a problem with was cruelty that served no purpose. That was just harm inflicted for the sake of inflicting harm.

This was very different. This was a message.

I carved out his eyes. I cut off his cock and balls. I shattered every tooth that he had. I cut off his nose, his ears, then his hands and feet. I seared the wounds shut with fire. Emergency Aid came in handy because it made sure I didn't kill him on accident.

When I was done, I turned to Thorkell, searching his gaze for a moment. I didn't expect the nod of approval that I got. Jill, however, looked like she was going to be sick.

"It's not too late for you. Jill, your father had my brothers killed," I told her, making her flinch. "I don't blame you for that. You probably saved me. But… I'm going to kill your family. Can you really accept that?" I asked her, making her shy away.

She seemed to hug herself, her lips pressing into a thin line. She seemed to struggle for words for a moment, but I was stunned when she started to nod. "My father never cared for me. He only showed any love for his sons… he never cared when Thorfinn beat us. He… was always a very cruel brother. I don't think he knows how to love." Jill rose her head, "but he was mistaken thinking that I would always be afraid of him. So… I don't care. Do what you will with them. As far as I see it, you are my family now."

I didn't really know how to react to the proclamation. I wanted to be happy, but the emotion just wouldn't come. I offered a nod to her, and she seemed a bit sad that I couldn't return the feelings she had. But, she didn't look upset. I think she understood that I wasn't in the right mind to return them. I liked to think that I would.

"What do we do now?" Thorkell asked me. "I'm all for attacking Alabu and killing the Jarl and his spawn. Never much cared for him."

I knew. I knew exactly what I had to do "I'm going to wait," I said, and that caught Thorkell completely off guard. I knew what Jarl Horrik wanted. He told me as much. And because I knew what he wanted, I knew how to hurt him. To crush him. To make him suffer in a way that was beyond physical -- to inflict a loss that he would feel just as keenly as I did the loss of my brothers and the scattering of my family. I hated him now. The respect and admiration I felt for the man turned to a vile poison. I hated him more than I did Thorfinn, simply because what Jarl Horrik did felt like a betrayal.

"What do you mean, you're going to wait?" Thorkell asked me, sounding stunned.

"What do you intend to do?" Morrigan asked and I took in a deep breath, pushing my mane of red hair back and considering it. I knew what I wanted to do, but I wasn't sure how to go about it.

"I'm thirteen," I reminded them. I was nowhere near my majority. Even under normal circumstances, I was still two years away from being considered a man. And I suspected that I wouldn't be treated like one for another two years then. "Jarl Horrik intends to become king of Denmark. He was going to use me to help take the crown."

Morrigan got it first because I saw a hungry look in her eyes. "And you shall take the crown from him," she breathed, a smile curling at her lips. Thorkell scratched at his hair, frowning in thought but he didn't seem opposed to the idea.

I didn't really care about being king. I never really wanted to rule over anyone or anything like that. I had been content with the farm. With the knowledge that my family was taken care of and never had to worry about hunger. Now, I wanted the crown. I wanted Jarl Horrik to know that it was me that took away his life ambition, something that he had struggled to obtain for decades. Because what was crueler? To labor for your entire life towards a goal and never reach it, or to finally achieve it, only to have it ripped from your hands with barely a taste of success?

To do it, I would use the lesson that he taught me. "I'll build a reputation first. I'll need money too. And warriors. It'll take me years, but when I return to this land, it will be as a man grown with an army at my back. Then, I'll take the throne from him. I will take everything that he had ever worked for and desired and loved from him." I said, envisioning it in my mind. My reputation as a warrior would be easy to make, and word of it would travel through the merchants and veterans of battles. "My family is in the wind. When they hear of my deeds and exploits, they will come to me. They will find me." I repeated, willing the possibility into existence.

Jarl Horrik would hear of the tales of my deeds. And he would know fear because he knew that I would be coming for him. At the same time, the rest of my family would as well. And they would hope.

"Renown, gold, and men…" Thorkell said, leaning back as he seemed to be thinking of something. I looked at him, wondering what was with his reaction, then he snapped. "Aha! I remember now! I was in a tavern ages ago, and some pissant kept talking about a place called Miklagard. A city so rich that they pave the roads with gold and they have flowing rivers of wine and walls so high they touch the sky. He said that he had a cousin that made a fortune down in that land acting as a mercenary."

Morrigan scoffed, "T'is the tale of a drunken lout," she dismissed easily, earning a cheeky grin from Thorkell.

"All tall tales start with a grain of truth. The streets made of gold and rivers of wine are a lie, but at the very least, it has tall walls around the land. And when one has riches, one has many enemies that desire said riches, so there is mercenary work aplenty." He said, and Morrigan opened her mouth to argue, only to find that she couldn't. I wouldn't call the logic sound, but it made sense.

I took in a deep breath and let it out, "Then we set sail for Miklagard," I decided before turning around to look at the house.

"But first… a funeral."

…

Fun fact time -- this was actually based on one of my CKII games I played. Basically, when I first started out in Denmark, my first character had a garbage intrigue stat. Because of it, he was pretty much instantly assassinated. Then so was my firstborn. Then second born. Then third born. Then my OG character's wife. Then my fourth born. Then a number of concubines.

My entire dynasty was dropping like flies and I could just barely pump out kids faster than my characters dropped. In the end, I ended up having the character that would be Siegfried under the tutelage of the person that had the highest intrigue stat I could find -- which was 30 something.

The assassinations continued until I ended up playing as that character, and when he came of age, the assassin was revealed by his sister blabbing about it. Turns out, it was the guy I had my character study under. Entering the debug menu, I saw that the guy had spent forty of his sixty years focused on exterminating my dynasty. And I have absolutely no clue why. The reason why I never suspected him was because I thought we were cool -- always had a positive opinion of my characters, the guy wasn't insane or anything. He just really wanted my dynasty dead before it could take off.

I like to think that he was a time traveler that saw what the future held. Not the case in this story, however. Some events have been tweaked for maximum drama and suspense.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, hepustepus and 1,291 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 23, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Setting Course
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 30, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,583
My brothers were burnt together in a large pyre -- Brandr and Tormod. The others helped me build the pyre, and in a solemn silence, we gathered the bones. I had them buried where the bones of my grandparents and brother were laid to rest. Brandr and Tormod joined them. Only the bones of Havi and Father were missing.

I hoped the dead wouldn't mind. Just as I hoped they were all reunited in Valhalla. All of my brothers had died well -- they died defending their family, giving the women and children time to escape. They showed courage and honor. I whispered a silent prayer to the gods, begging for a quest to ensure that they would be welcomed into Odin's hall.

And my request was granted.

"Gods," I heard Thorkell breathe as we stood before the grave of my family, looking at the source of a twig breaking. A gentle wind brought the sound to us, as well as the low snarl that sounded familiar. Raising to my feet, I met the one-eyed gaze of a familiar wolf. Its black pelt let it blend in with the heavy shadows, and it was only the low light from the torches that the others held so that we could dig the graves that I could see it at all.

Slowly, it stepped into the light, its face pulled back into a snarl, revealing large white teeth. I felt utterly exhausted. As if my emotions had been scooped out of me. Because of that, when I met the gaze of the wolf that had given me the scar on my neck, I could only say, "You've gotten bigger," I told the wolf. The little light I saw it under proved as much.

It had been a big wolf, but now it was more of a small poney. Through its dark pelt, I could see the flexing muscle underneath, its claws digging into the soft dirt.

"Is that-" Morrigan started, realizing who the wolf was. "Your nickname is a poor one. T'is no mere wolf. You should be known as Fenrir-Kissed," she remarked, keeping her voice even, but not enough that I couldn't hear the note of fear in her words. I didn't respond as I gazed upon the wolf, noting a tuft of white fur that stood out against the black fur. It also followed the scar that I gave it when I took its eye.

The gods heard my prayer.

Reaching out with a hand, I placed it over my armband. "Before all the gods, and all of you, I will make this vow -- that wolf shall die by my hand. It is a test of the gods and I will prove myself worthy of my vengeance." I spoke, making everyone tense, but I didn't care. Vengeance was a sacred cause, yet there were more important things like making sure that all the souls of my family met again in Valhalla. Kirk… I worried for Kirk. His throat had been slit from behind before he had a chance to prove his valor.

Fenrir growled at me, drool dripping from his fangs. I heard the rest of its pack before I saw the light reflect in their eyes. Over a dozen. Twice over. Three times. It had replaced all the wolves lost in our battle and his pack grew to near fifty in total. The others readied their weapons, but I didn't. I just stared into the lone golden eye of the wolf, unflinching as Fenrir seemed to gaze right through me.

Fenrir was looking for weakness. He found none.

The old wolf slunk back into the shadows, all but vanishing from sight in the darkness. However, only when the glint that marked his eye in the darkness faded did I trust that he was gone. The forest was silent in the wake of the wolf pack and it was only broken by Thorkell letting out a deep breath. "Siegfried, I can't tell if you're blessed by the gods or cursed by them," he admitted and, despite myself, a grim chuckle escaped me before I turned away.

"Neither can I," I said, walking away from the grave of my family. It was tempting to look back. But, there was no point in it. My gaze was affixed to the future and what it would bring.

…

There was treasure in the other boat that we seized from the raiders. Their own personal belongings, but also a chest that was filled with shiny stones, some silver, and most shocking, a lot of gold. Morrigan informed me that my brother had found it when he was unearthing trees. The old man that originally owned the farm had buried his hoard under one. The raiders had seized it when they raided my farm, and they also found my hiding place under the bed because I found the lockbox that had the precious stones and the magic piece of metal within.

We split the crew between the two longboats -- normally, we couldn't get away with such a thing as each one needed at least a dozen men to row them, but with the strong wind and the current, all that was really needed was to steer the ships.

"What do you intend to do?" Morrigan asked me as I nestled myself into the space at the front of the ship. It was late at night when we set sail, and many of the men were resting. Jill was nearby, sleeping. I thought Morrigan had been as well before she looked at me and asked the question that weighed heavily on my mind. "Fame, money, and an army. T'is not a simple thing to acquire them. If it was, then every fool with a sword would be famous and rich."

I pulled my blanket up higher so that it brushed underneath my chin. "We have a great deal of money at the moment, but it's not enough for an army. Or half of one. By the time we come back, Jarl Horrik will have an army of thousands. Five thousand or more." I said, my voice just over a soft whisper. "We need more."

"Evidently," Morrigan said, not sounding impressed by my dancing around the point. It might be brusque, but I appreciated it. More than everyone treating me like I might crumble at the slightest touch.

"My thoughts are that we have two methods of gaining money -- trade, and mercenary work," I spoke, frowning to myself. "They aren't mutually exclusive either. We use the money that we have available to us now to buy trade goods -- furs, precious stones, amber. Whatever would fetch a good price. Then, as we sell our skill in battle, we can sell the trade goods to our employers or those nearby."

Morrigan offered a small nod of her head, "And seize new ones."

That was true. "And raid for more trade goods," I agreed. "The more warriors we can support, the more we can hire, and the greater the plunder and contracts we can take."

"You found great wealth in a monastery, did you not? Raiding them would be a good source of trade goods," Morrigan said. Another good point. Churches had silver and gold. They also had candles, wine, silk, and velvet. Luxurious things that would surely sell well anywhere. It also helped that churches were filled with wealth yet so lightly guarded, their priests trusting their god for protection.

Jill shifted to look at us, proving that she hadn't been asleep either. "Amber sells really well the further south you get," she offered, making Morrigan and I look to her. "My- Jarl Horrik," Jill seemed to catch herself, "dealt with a lot of merchants. I got to listen in sometimes. What they do is tell people false tales about amber so people will buy pieces of it for more. Some say it's solid drops from the sun, or magic stones. That kind of thing. It works best the further away you are from here."

Where people didn't know any better. Amber wasn't exactly common, but it wasn't rare. The fact that a piece of it had been mixed with the sapphire and the magic metal supported what Jill said.

"So, you are more than a tagalong. Come now, surely you have something else to offer?" Morrigan said, earning a sharp look from me that she missed as she narrowed her eyes at Jil, who seemed to shrink into her own blanket.

"Narwhal horns are sold as unicorn horns," Jill provided, not looking at Morrigan. "They're like small whales that have a really long horn jutting out of their heads. Whalebones are sold as the skeletons of great beasts -- dragons usually. Trading involves a lot of lying," she observed, choosing to look at me for a moment before she looked away. "But, not all of it. Crafted goods always sell well too. Everyone always has need of tools."

I leaned my head back. I knew how to smith and to shape wood. Both were valuable trades, though they needed me to stay in one place for a time. It wasn't a trade that could be done on the move. Though, it did mean that repairs could be handled by myself.

"Trade the silver for horns, bones, and amber, then sell them. Raid monasteries for luxury goods, and more silver. It seems like a reliable method," I decided. I was trying to picture what it would look like -- The narwhal horns, bones, and amber would have to be held until we reached far away. To Miklagard, possibly. Other goods could be sold to Jarls or other merchants along the way. "The question will be who we should fight for."

"Can we not fight for King Sigfred? He's my- Jarl Horrik's enemy," Jill said, and Morrigan scoffed.

"Simply call that rotten creature your father. The bonds of kin are not something so easily cast off, just because you would like them to be," Morrigan said, making Jill frown. "Oh, I'm very sure that you mean what you say. Your father did not love you, your brother was so very unkind. But, that filth is your kin. You cannot escape it."

Jill met Morrigan's gaze with a glare. I said nothing because I found myself curious as well. Jill, in practice, abandoned her kin. Betrayed them, even. Even if it was for my benefit, I understood the reason why she could never return home -- she would be killed at best and ostracized at worst. If she lived, then everyone would hate her for betraying her kin. It was a taboo to not stand with your kin, even if they were wrong.

I meant what I said, I didn't blame Jill for the actions of her father or brother. However, I did find it odd that she would choose me over them.

"You shouldn't speak about things you don't understand," Jill muttered darkly, shifting under her blanket as if she were hugging her knees to her chest. "They might be my kin, but they have never been family," she continued before she looked at me, her lips pressed into a thin line. "Before we were betrothed, I was promised to another. Do you remember that?" She asked, and I gave a slow nod.

"Jarl Horrik said he died," I said, but Jill shook her head.

"Murdered," she corrected, a sob lodged in her throat. "Egil. He didn't come from a good family. His father was a drunk, and his mother died bearing him. He grew up in the city… he was my friend. We grew up together. I begged my mother to let me marry him when we came of age," she said, her eyes growing wet. "Father had no use for me. I was the eighth daughter and all the alliances needed had been made already. My mother convinced him and we were betrothed…"

Her expression grew dark, "But Thorfinn always liked picking on Egil. He made fun of him -- called him weak, and told him that he acted like a little girl for playing with me. Egil never stood up to Thorfinn before… he wanted to impress me. To be a man and protect me. I didn't want him to. I just wanted him to be himself because he made me happy. Thorfinn got angry and hit him. And he just kept hitting him -- I tried to get him to stop, but he just pushed me… then he grabbed a rock and smashed Egil's head open."

Jill looked at me, and I saw the sincerity in her eyes. "My brother is evil. Some foul spirit has taken hold of him and it will never let go. He doesn't need a reason to hurt people or kill them… that's why I was happy to be betrothed to you. I thought I could be happy."

"Happiness is nothing, you love-struck girl. To betray your kin for happiness is to betray them for nothing. How can we expect to trust you-" Morrigan began, her voice beginning to rise, making Jill's face twist and for a moment, I thought they might come to blows.

"Enough," I interjected, the order coming out as a tired sigh, and to my faint surprise, Jill and Morrigan stopped. Even if they glared at one another. "Going to King Sigfred isn't a bad idea, but I don't know if he still lives. He was wounded badly during the last battle with the Franks. It would also put us near Jarl Horrik. I lost one brother on the field of battle because of a cutthroat nithing. I'm not keen on giving him more opportunities."

The war between Saxony and the Franks was a good opportunity to make my reputation, to recruit more warriors, as well as get more silver and gold. It was about as good of an opportunity as I could hope for. I just really didn't like working towards the same goal as Thorfinn or his father. Even if my concerns for the Franks winning the war still remained.

"Then King Widukind," Morrigan said, and I thought about it. It still put me too close with Jarl Horrik and his family, but so far, the Saxon and Norse armies fought separately. And I think I had proven myself to him for him to consider hiring my warband.

I nodded, "King Widukind," I agreed. After the war with the Franks, then we would head to Miklagard to sell our prizes. Perhaps find work there for a time. Maybe move on.

At the very least, I had four years before anyone would accept me as their king. Ability mattered, but no one wanted to be ruled over by a child. Meaning I had four or five years to develop the various domains of the gods. I had gained much in recent times. I lost other things, but in terms of gifts from the gods, I had progressed.

The next handful of years, I needed to progress more. In every domain. Diplomacy, Martial, Stewardship, Intrigue, and Learning. Especially Intrigue.

But, for now… "Let's get some sleep," I said, closing my eyes and urging the others to do the same. However, a second later, I opened my eyes to look at Jill. "I meant what I said, Jill. When we first met. That hasn't changed," I told her, earning a surprised expression but I turned away from her and closed my eyes.

When I dreamed, I saw the bodies of my family, those that I knew had fallen and those I did not, the crackling of fire, and the howl of a wolf.

…

Thorkell proved that he was a worldly man, I discovered over the next few weeks. We sailed north, up to a city called Oslo, where we began our trade journey. We exchanged some silver for trade goods and we even picked up another ten men when they heard about the wealth that we had. I didn't trust them in the slightest, not yet, but our warband reached a respectable thirty-five men.

Thorkell and his band of men had been originally from Norway, and for many years, they fought for the various Jarls that claimed ownership of chunks of livable land. He said there was always plenty of work to be found in the land, and because of it, everywhere we went, the Jarls knew him. Sometimes he helped them win their Jarlship. Other times he had been an enemy, and we were quietly encouraged to leave as soon as we sailed into port.

Assess Value was a literal godsend for trading, I learned. Each item had three colors assigned to the mental price that appeared in my head. Green meant that it was a very good price. Black meant that it was an average price. Red meant that it was a poor price. Because of it, I bought things that had a green color with the price -- it could be pelts, grains, wool, mead, honey, and so on. Then, with each stop that we made, I sold what I could for a profit.

In some places I learned that there had been a better price for an item that I bought, meaning that I had overpaid. In other places, however, I found that I made a profit twice over what I paid. Silver was preferred, but other goods were also welcomed. Thorkell noted that I was a natural-born merchant. But, how he had said it, I was starting to wonder if he suspected that there was nothing natural about it at all.

However, it wasn't all because of the gods. The further north that we went, sailing up the coast, I noticed a trend that stuff like pelts was more valued, as was honey and other foodstuffs. Likewise, other goods became cheaper. In one town, a heavy stones worth of salt would be worth its weight in silver, but in another, salt was about as worthless as snow. I was starting to get a sense of how being a merchant worked -- you bought things when they were cheap, then you could go to a place to sell it at a much higher price. There was a bit of guesswork as well because you didn't know if what you bought would be worth the trip.

People had need for goods and how much the good was worth to them was decided by what they needed and how common it was.

Weeks passed and I found the ships slowly filling with trade goods while I grew bolder with my deals. Buying weapons and mead became a must in each town that I went to. We would be going to war, and I found that there were never enough weapons or mead. Likewise, I also found my hauls being filled with precious goods like amber, narwhal horns, precious stones, and whalebones.

Even before the large sell-off that I planned, I found that I already had more wealth than what I started with. I also found myself commanding two full ships of men, fifty in total now. The fresh faces were all understandably uncertain why I was the leader. Most of them, I suspected, assumed that Thorkell was the leader of the band and I was just someone with money. The others told them, but… they didn't believe it.

That was fine with me. I didn't care why they sailed with us, just that they did. We needed the men. It was the start of an army. With luck, they would soon learn why Thorkell decided to follow me.

With our full ships, we made our way to Saxony. Our destination was the Elba river, but we stopped by the town of Ribe for directions. There we learned a number of things.

"King Sigfred is dead?" I questioned, a deep frown on my face. To think, not so long ago, I would have welcomed the news. My only regret would have been that I hadn't been the one to kill him. Now, it came as a grim bit of news. I had hoped that he would pull through. I hadn't expected it, but I had hoped.

I stood in a market square in Ribe, a town that was in what had been King Sigfred's territory. An old man nodded at me, looking sad about it. "Aye, he died from his wounds not a week ago. A fever took him." To that, my lips thinned. I couldn't have done anything to stop his death, but I couldn't help but wonder what would have changed if I had had a different reaction when I stood outside of his tent -- instead of wanting to murder him, if I had offered advice on how to prevent a sickness… It was a pointless thought, but it was stuck in my head.

"What's to happen to his kingdom?" I asked him, looking at the man's goods. Wood carvings. I didn't need them, but I picked one and held up a silver coin. The old man smiled, revealing that he was missing some teeth. Silver, I found, had an almost magical power over people. I would know, because it had that same power over me.

"His son, Prince Godfred, was in line to inherit the kingdom, but a few Jarls put forth their own sons as candidates. Jarl Horrik has been proving to be pretty popular as well. The warriors seem to like him," the old man explained. "It's shaping up to be a rough succession. Jarl Horrik is going to march on Prince Godfred, so both are summoning their armies to fight. Other Jarls are looking to break off and become independent. At least, that's what these old ears of mine hear."

I passed him the silver coin, and with his few teeth, he bit it. He seemed surprised to see that it was real silver.

"What about Saxony?" I asked, making the man shrug. I started to go to my coin purse, but the man shook his head.

"I don't know anything about Saxony. As far as I can tell, they're being left to the mercy of the Franks," he said, his dark eyes looking me over. "Warriors will be spoiled for choices on who to fight for. Prince Godfred doesn't have great chances, so he'd pay better. The Saxons… everyone says that the Franks have a rich land, but it's guarded by many warriors."

I nodded to myself, thinking it over, "Who are the mercenaries going to?" I asked, and earned another shrug.

"Prince Godfred from what I've heard, but this is a town that knows him. Others might differ," the old man said, looking surprised when I handed him another coin.

Walking away, I thought on what I had learned as Thorkell fell in step, "Does any of that change anything?" He asked me, and I wasn't sure.

Saxony had been left out in the winter winds. King Widukind's rebellion hinged on help from his Norse allies. Without them, then he would be fighting the Franks on his own, and while we got in a few early victories, I had seen the Frankish cities. I had heard about others too -- Aachen, Frankfort, and more. All said to be greater than the last. Being generous, the Saxons could muster five thousand men.

The Franks could likely muster twice that. Three times, even. Their warriors might be cowards, but I've learned that enough cowards can kill any brave man.

"King Widukind's rebellion looks doomed," I muttered.

"Godfred, then?" Thorkell asked as we walked through the market, my eyes drifting over the goods that were being sold. I saw plenty green, a few red, but mostly black in terms of worth. If only the god-gifted ability applied to everything like it did trading opportunities. It would make things so much simpler. "It would put us in direct conflict with Jarl Horrik. We could stop him from getting the crown."

We could. I didn't know anything about Godfred, but he was an enemy of Jarl Horrik and that made him a friend to me.

Yet… "I want him to become king," I admitted to Thorkell, whose eyebrows climbed high. "He's fought for it all of his life. Every single day, he's plotted and schemed for it. Based on what Jill said, he's dedicated all of his children to becoming King -- all of his sons and daughters. It's the one thing that he desires more than anything else in the world. I want him to have it. Only then can I take it from him," I said, my voice dipping to a low growl.

Thorfinn would not emerge unscathed either. Nor anyone of his Horrik's kin. I hoped that they enjoyed this time. I hoped that they found success in every endeavor. I hoped his son's wives gave them plenty of children. I hope his daughters had kind husbands whom they loved. I hoped and prayed that the next few years for them were nothing but bliss. I did. Sincerely. I would pray to the gods for it every single night just as often as I would pray for the safety and prosperity of my own family.

Because when they knew the very peaks of joys in this life, they would have that much further to fall when I sailed for these shores once again to show them the very depths of human suffering.

Thorkell let out a low whistle, "I see. It's not enough to kill him. You want to destroy him," he noted, and I nodded without shame. I wanted him to hold the crown in his hands. I wanted him to wear it. I wanted him to know the sweet taste of victory, to savor it, and then I would take it all from him. I would destroy him so completely that the only reason anyone ever knew his name was because I had been the one to kill him. "Your desire for vengeance runs deep. Gods know that you deserve it. The plan remains the same, then?"

I nodded, "Aye, it remains the same. Being abandoned by his allies will make him more desperate and offer higher rates for mercenaries." I said, earning a nod from Thorkell. He never really questioned my decisions. He would prod for my logic and why I did as I did, but he would never question them. I think he was pinning his hopes that I was blessed by the gods rather than cursed by them.

"Be silent you, you shrew!" I heard someone shout in the marketplace, and I grimaced when I knew who it was. Thorkell did as well, based on his laugh that seemed to come from the gut.

Several weeks at sea and I learned many things. Most important of all was that Jill and Morrigan could not stand each other. Morrigan would deliver barbed words whenever she could. Jill would endure for as long as she was able until enough became enough and a shouting match would begin.

"You're a terror with an axe, silver flows through your hands like a river, and the wind is always at your back… but, not even the gods can make two women go a day without fighting," Thorkell said, clapping me on the back while I just sighed. He wasn't wrong there.

"Let's just go before they break something."

Our destination was set. It was time to return to the lands of the Franks.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,199 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 30, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Honor Bound
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 7, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,628
It was surprisingly hard to find an army, I discovered as we sailed up the Rhine River. One would think that it would be difficult to misplace so many men, but when we sailed down the Elba river, asking villages where King Widukind was, there was a stunning lack of recent information, though plenty of misinformation. I heard a dozen different answers about where King Widukind was going when I asked a dozen different villages.

Instead of trying to discern which answers were truthful from those that were not, I decided that it would be faster to sail back from the Elba to spend a day searching for the entrance to the Rhine River, then sailing down it until I found Sigiburg. It was still being manned by the Norse warriors that were left behind about a month earlier. However, they had much more recent news -- The Saxon army was located at Frankfort, besieging it for the past few weeks while King Charlemagne regrouped his army after the defeats it had suffered.

They couldn't give us anything but a location, but that's what we needed. We continued to sail up the river that snaked through Frankish land. With the winds at our back and a powerful current urging us forward, we made much better time than we would have on foot. Still, I learned that I had underestimated the Rhine with its bends and curves. I had expected us to make better time sailing it, even if it was still faster than walking on foot. I had expected the journey to last maybe a handful of hours, half a day at most. But it was two days and a night of travel before we reached our destination.

The Rhine was also fairly populated, with many villages and towns using it as their life's blood. Naturally, we stopped on the occasion. The men were eager to raid, but I chose to trade. Half of the crew, the new half, were near mutinous at the decision. However, when I asked them what we would do when we had to sail back up the river, and by those same towns, they quieted down. It's not like we could fight every single one of them after all. But though the question quelled their tempers for the moment, they weren't happy.

Even if we were making money with each trade, and I was making exp.

We sailed past Cologne, which rang the warning bell upon seeing our ships. Guards rushed to guard the port but did nothing beyond shoot a few arrows at us as we sailed by. They stopped when I shot a few back.

Just past Cologne, I saw another settlement that we had missed on our route to Cologne. However, it looked like it had been raided rather recently based on the smoke that drifted up to the sky from a number of burnt-out houses. There were still people, but they quickly fled into the forest when we passed by. The large village itself was a sign that we were near the Saxon army.

A little later, Frankfort was once again in view. Cologne was a greater city, but the fort turned city was formidable in its own way. What had changed most of all were the tents that surrounded the city. Instead of the Franks, it was the Saxons. While I didn't know how many each tent held, I noticed that there were noticeably fewer than what the Franks had.

Bringing the ships to shore, I left a good dozen men guarding them and the goods inside while I disembarked. The entrance to the camp was far less guarded, though I did notice scouts parked along the Rhine to keep an eye out for a Frankish army. The guards only stopped me to ask what my business here was, and when I mentioned that I had mead, they welcomed me and sent me off to King Widukind, who was inside the camp.

"I hate sieges," Thorkell reminded me, looking around the camps, his nose curling at the tents and conditions as a Saxon warrior relieved himself in the space between two tents.

I nodded, "I remember. I don't intend for us to stay at Frankfort for long," I said, and I earned an odd look from some of the men. I could only imagine how arrogant the words sounded, but they said nothing when Thorkell appeared relieved. I remembered what Jarl Horrik and Father had said about the Franks -- our greatest strength was our speed. The Franks proved that they could field a much larger army than us. Without the Norse armies, Saxony had little hope in overwhelming them in a decisive battle.

In function, the original plan remained the same -- to prove to be such a pain that the Franks decided that it wasn't worth conquering Saxony. More so when they had a northern ally.

The Kings tent was an easy one to make out when I had seen it before. There were a few guards posted outside, who glared in my direction. I came to a stop in front of them, "I'm Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. I'm here with fifty men to fight for King Widukind. For a price," I added, and one of the men looked thoroughly amused.

"What kind of fools do you take us for? The Wolf-Kissed already fights with us, and he sure isn't a little boy," the Saxon said with a laugh before he looked to Thorkell. "Your son tells a tall tale!" He said, clearly thinking that it was a joke.

I heard Morrigan laugh lightly behind me, "Mimicry is a sign of flattery, or so I hear. T'is a sign of your fame that you already have imposters." To that, I tilted my head ever so slightly. I had thought much the same… but…

I hadn't known that Morrigan spoke Germanic.

"Let me see King Widukind. He will know me," I said, hoping that was true. I acted as a translator for him during the initial days of the campaign. The man that thought it was a joke lost his smile, the joke having lost its humor. I met his gaze evenly before I leaned my head back to reveal the scar on my neck. "I am Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed," I told him again, and this time he believed me.

I watched him swallow thickly before he hastily nodded, "Of course," he said, dipping into the tent to speak to King Widukind. Sharing a smile with Thorkell, I looked back just in time to see the tent open to reveal the King. The first thing that I noticed was that he looked tired. It was as if he aged a good ten years in the past month. He still looked well kept, but his beard hadn't seen its usual trim and he was missing his crown.

It seemed that the loss of the Norse armies was missed dearly.

His dark green eyes met mine, flickered to Thorkell for a moment, then to the group behind me, with his gaze lingering on Morrigan and Jill. He seemed to come to a split decision because he nodded, "Well met, Wolf-Kissed," he said, reaching out with a hand and I clasped arms with the King. "Your presence here is a surprise. I thought you would be fighting with Jarl Horrik. In the north," he tacked on, his lips thinning. He was unhappy, that much was clear. It would seem that I wasn't the only one that felt betrayed by Jarl Horrik.

"Not likely. We had a… difference in opinion," I told him, making King Widukind narrow his eyes. "For now, I am here with fifty men, and we are looking to fight as mercenaries and trade," I told him, and I could see him think on the information for the briefest of seconds before he offered a curt nod. I'm sure he had his questions, but he wouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth.

"Then I welcome you to our camp. Whatever wares you have will be bought for a fine price. I'll see to it," he said, gesturing for me to follow him into the tent. He dropped the flap when I entered, preventing Thorkell from entering. I looked around the tent to see that it had a bed, a table in the center that had a few candles burning. King Widukind walked to the table, taking a seat across from me while I stood.

On the table was a model of the surrounding area with figurines on it. I saw the surrounding forest, the branch of the Rhine river, with Frankfort acting as a large centerpiece. However, off to the side in a corner of the model, there were three stones that marked what I'm guessing were the Franks.

"Your arrival must have been a sign from the gods," King Widukind admitted, looking at me. "You strike me as someone that prefers the cold truth over flowery words, so I shall be blunt -- we need to take Frankfort as quickly as possible," he told me, gesturing for me to take a seat. I did so, and fate did work in mysterious ways, I thought. This was a clear sign that I walked the right path.

From my view, I looked at the model of the terrain with a more tactical view to get an idea of why that was. I noticed that there were four stones outside of the walls of Frankfort. Inside the city were two stones. On the other side of the Rhine were three stones. I nodded to myself, quickly getting a handle on the situation -- it was easier when you had some experience with war. I wouldn't call myself a general of any kind, but the situation was obvious enough.

"The armies that were defeated by Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred split off. One joined the garrison in Frankfort," he said, gesturing to the two stones in the city. "The rest went to Aachen to regroup and to be reinforced. Now, they are on the other side of the Rhine, and they are looking to cross. By our counts, they have two thousand cavalry and a thousand infantry."

"Which is why you want to be inside the city," I ventured. Father had seemed to fear the Frank's cavalry. I hadn't seen it for myself, but there had to be a good reason for that. I could see how two thousand horses charging at you would be deadly. But I imagine it would be just as deadly for the riders on top of the horses.

King Widukind nodded, "Exactly. At Sigiburg, the men say that you took the fortress damn near alone. If you can do so again, then I will pay you whatever it is you want." He told me, catching me by surprise at his blunt honesty.

He was desperate, I realized. The other half of the army that was supposed to be helping him was fighting themselves, leaving him alone to face the Franks. He was in a bad position because if the army across the Rhine went over it, then the Saxons would be forced to abandon the siege. If not because of the cavalry, then because the Franks within the city would surely sally out to attack them and they would be outnumbered.

And once they broke the siege, then the two armies would be sure to join up.

"The preparations for the assault have already been made. We were going to commence the attack tomorrow in the early morning," he said, his tone grim. He knew it was going to be costly, but he didn't see another choice. I don't think there was one that wouldn't all but end his rebellion. If it took victories to convince people to rebel, then a defeat would be enough to convince them not to. "King Charlemagne is taking his time, gathering his forces. Sacking and taking Frankfort would force his hand."

The same strategy. I looked at the model of the city, hoping it was a faithful copy. It was a unique way to plan, I decided, looking at the pebbles and twigs that marked the city. A good way, too. Knowing what your surroundings were could decide the battle. With Jarl Horrik and King Sigfred, we had been very lucky to fight on a hill or a dense forest. If we hadn't been so favored by the gods, then we would have lost.

I pointed at a narrow wall, one that was made of stone. "I'll attack that wall if you can get me up on it. I'll try to block off access with the bodies of Franks, which should give you some time to get men on that section of the wall. From there, I'll fight my way to the gates and work to open them." I told him, thinking that it was a decent plan. The gates had won the battle with Sigiburg. However, Frankfort was much larger.

King Widukind nodded slowly, "I'll position the men for a full assault. It'll spread them out a great deal, which should make it easier for you to get to the gates." That was a really good idea too.

"I want a full share of the plunder," I told him, making the King's lips thin. "And a generous wage for my company." Which I knew to be either a number of goods or what amounted to be a hundred silver coins a month. Or a thousand coins at the end of the year.

I could see that he wasn't too pleased with the deal. However, he was desperate.

"Very well then," he said, spitting into his palm while I did the same.

I probably should have asked for more, I thought as we shook on it.

…

It was early morning when I found myself standing before the city of Frankfort, the army forming up to assault the walls. I was assigned a group that carried a ladder, which would let us scale the walls. Despite the early hour, I saw that the Franks were up. The walls were fully manned, dense with a number of people on them, all ready to fight.

However, only a handful of groups would actually charge the walls with me. The rest would only do so if the Franks pulled enough men off of them. The wall that I had chosen was narrower in length compared to the others, but it was still a long wall of over a hundred feet. It had two towers that jutted out at the corners, and on top of them, I saw a number of archers.

"Can you do it?" Thorkell asked me. I wore armor for the first time in a long time -- scale mail taken from those that had killed my family. A shield was on my back to protect me, much like the first one had. I had two axes in my belt, but I favored two seaxes considering how dense with soldiers the walls were.

I gazed at the city, taking in a slow breath. "Can't say for certain until I make the attempt," I told him, earning a small laugh from the taller man. "I don't know what it looks like on the inside of the city. The plan won't work unless I can block off however they get up," I admitted.

There was a beat of silence as everyone continued to form up. I would be fighting again. Killing a great number of men for wealth and prestige. I didn't have any personal issue with the city of Frankfort, or the people within it. But, that didn't really matter. Frankfort was a stepping stone to my true goal.

Because I imagine if I help King Widukind establish and protect his kingdom, then I would find an ally in Saxony when I returned to this land.

"You never asked why I hated sieges so much," Thorkell observed, standing next to me. He was similarly armored, ready to follow me into the city when I created a foothold.

I hadn't.

"I figured you would tell me when you wanted to," I responded, looking up at him. He continued to gaze at the city, and I wondered if he was about to do so. Thorkell pursed his lips in thought, a grimace passing over his face before he shook his head.

"It's bad luck to speak of such things before a battle," he decided. "I'll tell you some other time."

We wouldn't have had time for the story anyway, because I heard the horn blast that told us that the time for battle had arrived. I shared a final look with Thorkell before we parted ways. I joined my group, a dozen men that held a ladder above their heads. I stood behind them, reaching up and grabbing hold of the ladder near the top spoke that would take me to the wall. I didn't know the men that I would be charging with, but I noticed that they were all Norse.

There was a loud silence after the horn as it seemed every man around the city and within it were holding their breath in anticipation. All of us waiting for the second horn blast that would begin the battle. Between the men, I saw the lines of arrow paths from the archers in the towers and on the walls. Then the battle began with the loud bellowing of a horn. Instantly, the group of men I was with surged forward towards the wall.

The archers let loose their arrows and men began to fall almost as soon as the battle began. There were a dozen groups with mine to prevent my group from being shot to pieces. Even still, a man in front of me collapsed with an arrow to the throat. Arrows pelted down on us without respite, but in the hand not holding the ladder some of the warriors carried their shields for some protection.

We rapidly closed the distance between us and the walls before the ones at the front of the group planted their end down into the ground. The others heaved up, while I jumped with all of my strength. The combined might of the men let them lift me as I kept my grip on the ladder, being lifted into the air, before the ladder came to a tipping point where my weight at the top made it fall in the direction of the walls.

I met the gaze of a Frank on the wall, thrusting out with a spear to catch me in the gut, but when I stepped up on the ladder when it neared the walls, it missed. The ladder impacted on the wall and I dove into the solid mass of Frank warriors, my gaze filled with red spots that coaxed my seaxes to plunge into them. With one seaxe, I leaned into Unbreakable Guard to parry and block the thrusts and attacks from the men that surrounded me. With the other, I killed the first man of the day by slipping my seaxe into his heart, the blade thrusting into the gap in his armor at his armpit.

Yanking it out, the man's body was pressed forward as I landed on the stone walls, the men behind him pressing forward. Between my armor and Unbreakable Guard, I had far fewer places that I needed to guard -- namely my neck, face, and armpits. My back was protected by the shield and because of the added protection, I was able to use my seaxes to greater effect.

Plunging my seaxes into the soft flesh of the men in front of me, I rapidly began cutting out a space for myself. The air shook with the force of the screams that filled the air, blood splashing out in rivers and fine mist, filling my nose with the smell of copper. The others mounting the walls took some of the pressure from me, and that was the Franks mistake.

I found a weakness. Not in the Franks themselves because I'm sure that I would think the same if the Norse manned the walls. It was a split of focus that provided the opportunity to advance. I slashed a man's throat before I began to move along the walls, taking the pressure off the other groups and letting more men get onto the walls.

My seaxes slipped into the gaps as I walked towards one tower that I had purposely targeted. I saw that there was a heavy oak door that was left open, men guarding the inside of it. I pushed a body towards the door, the first of many. Grabbing another man from behind and stabbing a seaxe into someone's ear I tossed him on top of the body. Those inside seemed to realize what I intended because they rushed me and in doing so, they offered themselves to be added into the pile.

It was a frenzy of violence. I killed the Franks all around me, stacking them high in front of the door. The area began to thin out as a few other Norse warriors followed suit, understanding my intentions without words. The Franks on the other side of the door were fighting to get out, but time worked against them. And, with one door sealed, I turned around and began to work my way along the length of the wall.

Blood flooded onto the cobblestone walls, splashing up with every step that I took. My seaxes flickered out, killing men with frightening ease. They fell to my feet, the men that replaced them died just as quickly. The battle almost had a sense of rhythm as I felt Franks try to push us back. But, as more Norse warriors made their way onto the walls, I felt myself being pushed forward as much as I was being pushed back.

The men were on the walls in force now, but one section of the walls wasn't enough. Gritting my teeth, I pressed forward, leading the charge to clear the walls and reaching the other tower. I never kept count of how many men I had killed. There wasn't a point. But, as I left a trail of bodies in my wake, I decided that I didn't want to know. I was absolutely drenched in blood, it flowed over my armor, staining the shining iron scales red.

With Vital Strike, I was barely winded by the time I reached the tower. The back of the wall was sealed off, so the towers had to be the only way to get up or down. The Franks knew that, so they were quick to act as a chokepoint. I looked up at the top of the tower to see that it was only six or seven feet overhead. When we reached the barred door that the Norsemen were hacking at with their axes, every Frank on the walls dead, I grabbed hold of one and pointed up. "Toss me up!" I shouted, a split second before I pulled him to the side, making an arrow narrowly avoid his throat. It slammed into a shield behind him.

The older man looked at me with wide eyes for a moment before he nodded, "I'll get you up there," he told me, pushing through the Norse warrior to the door. He enlisted another warrior to help, by cupping their hands together. Stepping up, they counted down and with a heave, they tossed me up.

I found a handhold in the gaps of the stone that let the archer shoot down at us with impunity. A young man stood at the ledge, his eyes widening for a moment before I plunged my seaxe into his throat. Pulling him over the ledge, I pulled myself up to see that the tower was a small square with barrels full of arrows to be shared between a good half dozen archers.

They fired down on the warriors that were making their way onto the cleared wall, the thunderous shouts and screams below hiding my arrival. Striding up to the closest one, I drove my seaxe into his eye, dragging him down before he could fire another arrow. The others began to take notice of me then.

They went for their weapons, stumbling back with expressions of grim determination on their faces. These men weren't the cowards at Cologne that gave up without a fight. These men were ready to fight and die before they gave up so much an inch.

I respected them more for it, but I still threw myself at them. I drove a seaxe into the forearm of one man when he lunged at me with a knife of his own before stabbing him in the heart and tossing him into the way of another. They didn't wear armor. They probably didn't see a need. However, that decision had killed them as I power attacked with a kick, shattering an archer's leg. As he fell, I slashed his throat open, killing another. The remaining few bore down on me, hoping to overwhelm me with numbers…

Their skill with a bow didn't transfer to their skill with a knife, I found. They were brave, but they died all the same. I gave their bodies a look, their blood dripping out of them and onto the stone. Sparing a glance at my seaxes, I saw that the edges were already mostly gone. Tucking them into my belt, I went to a bow and to the ledge of the tower that overlooked the city.

The Franks were pushing to retake the lost portion of the walls by going up both towers, trying to flank us in. However, they didn't seem to know that one tower was completely blocked off with a pile of bodies -- some Norsemen tossing more onto the pile to thoroughly cut off that entrance. I doubt it would work forever, but it was enough that the section of wall was completely filled with Saxons and Norsemen.

Below me, I heard fighting. The door had been hacked through and now they were fighting for control of the tower while Franks poured in from the other section of the wall and the ground floor. I couldn't tell who was winning, but us securing parts of the walls was a huge issue for the Franks.

Beyond that, I saw that the city was large. The houses were packed together, and I saw the roof of another church. From where I stood, I could see the edges of the front gates and the wooden palisade that flanked them -- there was still a large number of men guarding those areas. Taking an arrow from a barrel, I nocked it in the bowstring and took aim, the blue dot marking my arrow's path, its destination the throat of a random Frank soldier, and I let it loose.

The arrows would thin out their numbers ever so slightly. It wouldn't make much of an impact overall, but I had a plan. It was a simple one, really. We didn't have to fight all of the Franks. Our goal was to open the gates, letting the rest of our army in. If we filled the stairs with bodies, then the Franks couldn't get up. Simple.

To that end, I fired arrow after arrow. It didn't take long for them to realize that I wasn't one of their archers, with some throwing things at me. They never came close, though them holding up their shields was an issue. Still, I fired at the gaps between the shields, in the spaces where their armor didn't cover. My fingertips bled from the constant use of the bow as I rapidly emptied a barrel. Keeping count of the arrows I released didn't occur to me, but it must have been a hundred. At least.

I only paused when my bowstring snapped, forcing me to grab another bow. The arrows that were meant to last an entire siege were quickly depleted. The lack of numbers pouring in from the walls let the Norsemen and Saxons push through, going to secure more of the walls as another group of warriors climbed up with ladders. "Toss the dead on the stairs," I shouted, watching as more Franks were being sent to plug up the gaps on the walls and to push off the invaders.

Heading down, I saw that the order was heard. The men were tossing corpses on the stairs, clogging it up to slow the Franks trying to get up. They hurled insults and curses, their spears flicking out in the gaps, but soon they only struck their dead kinsmen. With that secured, I set out to take another portion of the wall. There were many dead with arrows sticking out of them, and more that fell to axes and seaxes. Our warriors already reached the other tower that flanked the gates.

This time, when I climbed up the tower, I focused on thinning out those that were meant to guard the gate, ready to block off whatever invading army that got through them. By the time the first man dropped dead with an arrow in his eye, it was enough to coax them into action. They screamed as they pressed forward, intent on retaking the walls while only a small portion continued to guard the gate. I shot at them, filling them with arrows until the gate was left completely abandoned.

Tossing my bow to the side, I stepped onto the ledge and eyed the drop and the closest house to me. I didn't think that the clay plated roof would hold me, but even still, I jumped from the tower towards the house. I felt the clay plates snap underfoot a split second before the roof gave way, and I fell through the building. Luck would have it that I landed on my ass on a bunch of hay, cushioning my fall.

In a moment, I was on my feet and it was only then that I noticed those in the room with me. A family, all huddled up in a corner as they looked at me with wide eyes. A man, a woman, and three sons. My lips thinned before I chose to ignore them, heading for the front door. That's when the man found his voice, "They're inside the city! The barbarians are inside the city!" He began to scream as I slammed through the front door, seeing that the gate was still undefended.

I sprinted towards it, running through the mud streets. A Frank warrior appeared between the buildings, possibly drawn in by the man screaming behind me. I slammed into him, grabbing a seaxe and driving it into his eye so deeply that I was forced to abandon it. Some of the Franks saw me running towards the gate and they quickly pivoted on their heels to turn around and stop me from doing what I was about to.

Jumping over the bodies I made, I yanked away the wood that was meant to reinforce the large wooden gate. Then grabbing the bar, I heaved it up with all of my strength and was just barely able to slide it up and toss it behind me. Otherwise, I would have been crushed underneath it. As the Franks charged me, I grabbed hold of the iron ring attached to the door and pulled, the large door swinging open and letting a flood of Saxons into the city.

They slew the Franks that tried to stop me, washing over them before clashing against those that realized that the gates were open.

Taking in a deep breath, my hands went to my axes before I shrugged off the splintered remnants of the shield. Then with a roar of my own, I joined them in the fight.

Just because we were in the city didn't mean that we had won. There was always the possibility that the Franks could push us out, but as the day dragged on, it became increasingly unlikely. We worked through the city, sometimes fighting them on the walls, in the towers, in the streets and even inside the homes. The citizens took up arms, barring their doors with whatever they could and wielding sickles and hammers. Some ventured out to fight with the soldiers, intent on defending their homes.

However, it was all for naught.

The hours went by in a blur of violence and death, the tipping point that decided the battle long behind us, and soon we were just killing those that refused to give in. I had no way of telling how many had died. Or how many I had killed. I just knew that the sky was darkening when I found myself outside a church that housed the last of the resistance in the city, my arms and back burning with exertion.

I knocked at the door with the back of my blood-drenched axe, "Open the door." I spoke, finding myself tired after a long day of killing. I had always been in the thick of it, intent on displaying my prowess for all to see. And many witnessed how deadly I was.

"We will not!" I heard, finding myself in a familiar situation. "We-" The man on the other side started, but then I realized why the scene was so familiar.

"Otto?" I questioned, finding myself stunned. There was a beat of silence on the other side of the door.

Then, after a moment, Otto spoke up. "Siegfried? Is that you?" He asked me in Latin, trying to make sure. It was surprisingly cautious of him.

"It is me, Otto," I returned in Latin. It wasn't my best language by any stretch of the imagination, but it was serviceable. "Open the doors, and all those inside will be spared. We just want the treasure within," I continued and I could hear a scurry within as there was a drawn-out pause. They were deciding what to do.

What were the odds that Otto would be here? It had to be fate. Perhaps the gods wanted me to finish learning Latin?

"Do we have your word that no one will be harmed?" Otto said, sounding far closer to the door. I nodded, looking at the large doors to the church. It wasn't as grand as the one in Cologne, but so far, every church I had seen was an impressive building. I wouldn't say that I cared for the Christian god one way or the other, but I could admit that he had impressive temples.

I nodded, though he could not see it. "I find myself blood sick," I admitted to him, knowing that I was drenched in the blood of countless men. "You have my word that none will be harmed. If anyone tries, they'll have to get through me," I swore, speaking in Germanic so the Saxons that stood behind me could hear. I repeated the warning in Norse, so they would understand as well.

There was another pregnant pause. It was broken by the sound of the hinges creaking when the doors were pulled in, revealing Otto to me. He had a feeble smile on his face that weakened when he saw me. "We should really stop meeting like this, Siegfried," he remarked, licking his lips when he saw the army behind me.

"I didn't expect to see you again," I admitted as more people began to leave the church. "Sit down outside, and none shall touch you. I swear it," I told them all, gesturing where they should sit. I saw everyone that left the church were well dressed. Nobility?

Then I caught the gaze of another familiar face. "Ageric," I greeted him as he was being carried by two servants. He glowered at me as he was brought by.

"Duke Ageric, you heathen dog," he spat at me. Otto winced as he was quick to follow, taking a seat next to the young duke. I ignored them both in favor of grabbing the other large door and giving it a push.

With a sweeping gesture, I urged the Norse and Saxon army inside the church and they fell upon it with glee.

Frankfort was ours.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,238 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 7, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Harsh Truths
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 14, 2022
Add bookmark
#1,705
"You're a great warrior," Thorkell told me as we watched the people of Frankfort be led out of the city gates. King Widukind didn't want them eating the food in case there was a siege. That wasn't to say everyone had left the city. Many had been taken as thralls. Others were captives. And some were kept for the pleasure of men. "But, you're a poor leader of men," he said, earning a slow blink from me as I looked away from the angry tide of people forced to leave their homes with nothing but the clothes on their backs.

He didn't look at me, just crossing his arms over his chest as he continued to watch the thousands of people being evicted. However, he did elaborate. "I understand why you did what you did. With your size, strength, and speed -- only a seasoned warrior could hope to best you. And only if you didn't kill them immediately. But, there's more to being a leader than being the strongest. Or even the most cunning."

I clenched my jaw, feeling irritation surge in my chest at the criticism. "Have people complained of my leadership? Do you regret your vow to me?" I asked him, an edge in my tone that he picked up on. He gave me a flat gaze, only looking at me with his eyes instead of his face. It reminded me of my father. The reminder didn't help quell my anger.

"You're putting words in my mouth," Thorkell told me, his tone even. "The warriors? They love you. You make them feel like they can't lose. And that's a dangerous thing in itself, but it's not what I mean," Thorkell said, letting out a small sigh. "A good leader, a great one, is always at the front. For him to lead, everyone has to be looking at his back. But, they can't do that if you're so far ahead that they can't even see you."

My lips thinned, "I had to open the gates." I felt compelled to point out, not really seeing why he was calling me a bad leader. I made the victory possible.

"You did," Thorkell agreed. "And in doing so , you saved a lot of lives. But, where was I in the fighting?" He asked me, and… I didn't know. "Where were the rest of your men?" I didn't know. I know they were fighting on the walls after I made a foothold, but after that, I lost track of them. I hadn't seen Thorkell in the fighting at all. Or any other familiar face. "I'm not telling you that you did the wrong thing. I can't really say one way or the other. Maybe if you stuck with us, the fighting would have been way worse and we might not have taken the city. I don't know. Only the gods and norns do."

He took in a deep sigh before letting it out, "What I know is that you weren't there to lead the men, even if you were leading the charge. We didn't fight as a warband. We just fought like fifty individuals. Because of it, we lost ten men." I frowned deeply, looking back at the Franks leaving the city. "We'll replace them easily enough. But, they were good men."

My anger bled away. It didn't vanish entirely, but Thorkell had made his point well. I hadn't known that we lost anyone. In that regard, I was a poor leader. I hadn't spared a thought about my men, where they were, or how they were faring. My attention had been focused on opening the gate and making sure that it opened so we could win the battle.

I didn't think that had been the wrong choice. Opening the gate was the priority. However, I did find myself agreeing with Thorkell. I had all but abandoned my men for my own glory and for victory. I didn't think about them. I didn't think that they would be looking to me for guidance only to realize I was nowhere to be seen.

"I'm sorry," I told him, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Thorkell smile ever so slightly. "I'll do better." How, I wasn't sure yet, but I could surely do better than up and abandoning my men.

"I know you will," Thorkell told me. "The Norse warriors suffered the worst of the battle. Losses were light for such an assault, barely a hundred men. But, they aren't happy with being treated as fodder for the Saxons," he explained, not sounding too happy about it either.

I hadn't known that. "Why would King Widukind use us as fodder?" I asked Thorkell, earning a shrug from him.

"Dead mercenaries don't need to be paid is my guess," Thorkell answered. "His allies are fighting it out instead of helping him. So, he's having to pay for extra bodies. The more die in liberating Saxony, the less of a bill he'd be footing when he becomes a king in earnest. It's what I would do." That made sense, I thought to myself. My parents raised me to be honorable. To do the right thing, always. However, I was starting to see that doing the smart thing and the right thing were often two different things.

"I saw a lot of Norsemen. Do you know how many there are?" I asked, and Thorkell shook his head.

"A thousand? Probably less than that now," He answered. "Want me to find out?"

"Please," I agreed. It would be important to know. I didn't expect all of them to be willing to follow me. I didn't even expect half. But, if a hundred decided to join me, either for pay or belief, then I would have a hundred and fif- forty men. If I could figure out how to lead them well, how Thorkell said I should, then I would have the beginnings of an army. Nothing had to be decided now. We still had the war to fight and win. However, it was worth keeping in mind as things progressed.

That the Norse warriors could be potential allies when it was all said and done.

Thorkell nodded and left, leaving me alone as I watched the stream of Franks. Some cast dark looks in my direction. I suspect at least one of them would cast a curse on me. I would have to speak to Morrigan about making sure that it didn't take hold. I'm sure that those that could would be joining King Charlemagne's army to retake their home. King Widukind desired for the Franks to come to him, to siege the city.

It seemed contrary to his plan to win the war, but if he had a reason why, he didn't share it with me.

Regardless of the problems, I had gained much from the sacking. The foodstuffs were being hoarded for the siege to come, but I still gained a great deal. Casks of wine, velvet banners, silver and gold, candles, precious jewels, and so on. All valuable. I had really underestimated what a full share of a sacking would look like. I did give my men a reward to keep them happy, and it seemed like it worked. Which was why I was so caught off guard when Thorkell called me a poor leader.

In terms of profits, I was going to need a third boat to carry my riches to Miklagard. As for advancing my understanding of the gods' domains, I had reached another milestone in Tactics, Physical Condition, Economic Management, and Asset Management.

Tactics ​

Spatial Awareness:
During a battle, you become aware of everything within a hundred paces around you.​

Balance of Power:
On the eve of battle, the odds of victory are displayed, considering all factors such as troop quality, discipline, and numbers. Useful for knowing when to avoid a battle.​

Balance of Power seemed useful, but too many times, I had been blinded by my height. By a sea of bodies. Where I was fighting with all of my might, but I had absolutely no idea if we were winning or losing. A hundred paces wouldn't give me an overview of the overall battle, but it was a start. One that I desperately needed.

Physical Condition​

Well Groomed:
You will never have to worry about white teeth or combing your hair. Your grooming needs will never be a cause for concern in any shape or fashion.​

Iron Stomach:
You gain nutrients from everything you eat. Gives base resistance to poisoning.​

I really didn't see the point of Well Groomed. I hardly combed my hair now, and I only brushed my teeth with a chewstick when my mouth felt too dirty. It seemed like a waste of a perk point. Iron Stomach, however, made it so I wouldn't be poisoned again and I could eat anything if I could stand the taste. I don't see how anyone could pick the former over the latter.

From my various trades, some of which happened after the sacking, I managed to get another Economic Management boon.

Economic Management. ​

Trade Secrets:
A real-time list of places visited that displays the price of owned items -- both for what they would sell for and how much it would be to buy.​

Opportunity Spotter:
At times, a profitable opportunity in your area will be brought to your attention -- A group or city might desperately need an item, such as a herd of horses or a component needed for dyes, and they would be willing to pay exuberant rates for whatever you deliver.​

Both were good. However, I intended to travel for a number of years. I wanted to put space between me and Jarl Horrik to prevent him from interfering with my quest for vengeance. To that end, Opportunity Spotter would suit me better for now. I selected it with little hesitation.

Asset Management​

What Lays Within:
When working on an object -- wood, metal, or mineral -- what the material can be will always be clear.​

Sterling:
All assets have an improved appearance.​

Neither were particularly useful, but What Lays Within caught my attention. It would help with my crafting, which had, unfortunately, fallen to the wayside with the battles. Given that we were about to be put under siege, it seemed to be a good time to find a way to make up for the lost time. With my decision made, I confirmed my choices. It had taken me longer to decide than I thought, because the gates were being closed to prevent the Franks from getting back inside.

There were scouts being sent out of the city to keep an eye on Aachen. I personally hadn't seen anyone escape the city, but I'm sure some had. If not, then the villages from the surrounding area would have certainly sent word to King Charlemagne that we had taken Frankfort. How he would react was anyone's guess, but the scouts were meant to report troop movements if they moved. King Charlemagne already knew that we were at Frankfort. The only thing that changed was that King Widukind intended to fight behind tall walls.

Turning away from the gate, I headed to the nearest guard tower and headed down the stairs to the ground level. Without the sounds of shouting from the Frankish citizens, the city was already a lot quieter. My cloak fluttered behind me as I decided to walk the city, not quite sure what I was looking for beyond that I needed to move to help me sort through my thoughts. Signs of damage were common, and I knew that came from the raiding after we took the city. Doors were kicked in, one house was burnt to cinders and it was nothing short of the will of the gods that half the city hadn't gone up in flames.

The dirt roads were largely empty as well, though I could hear sounds of merriment coming from within houses. The handful of warriors of our army that I did see straightened up the moment that they did so. There was respect and awe in their faces while whispers were on their lips the moment I stepped past them. Rumors were already spreading. By the end of the month, I suspect I will have taken the city single handedly.

A slight smile tugged at my lips. I wonder how Horrik and his son would react when they at long last heard the rumors of my deeds? Would they quake in fear? Would they wonder why I was here instead of taking their heads?

My gaze drifted up the walls that I found myself surrounded by -- the walls of Frankfort. "Live in fear. Die in terror," I uttered under my breath, hoping the gods would take the curse and whisper it in the ears of them both.

I wasn't really expecting a response, but when I heard my name being called out, I nearly leaped out of my skin. "Lord Siegfried!" I heard, and glancing over, I saw it was Otto. There was a hesitant smile on his face as he greeted me, a familiar simple wood cross resting on his chest and his drab robes seemed like they had seen better days. Though his scalp was freshly shaved. "I had hoped to see you, Lord Siegfried. I wished to thank you for upholding your word."

He hadn't meant to, but the words were offensive. That, I thought, was due to my short temper and foul humor. "I gave you my word," I responded, my tone curter than I intended. To that, Otto bowed his head to me.

"One's word is freely given, but I have found that it is rarely kept," Otto responded. "I have also been tasked with seeing you -- Duke Ageric Roding has requested your presence to discuss the matter of his…release." That earned my full attention. Ransoming Ageric had been extremely profitable for me before. It still seemed absurd to me that a single man could be worth more than all of the thralls taken by an army, but if the Franks were willing to pay that price… I would be more than happy to take that silver from them.

"Where is he?" I questioned, gesturing for Otto to lead the way.

"The church, my lord," Otto informed, leading me back to the church where I had extracted the surrender of the city. "I pray that God has been kind to you since we last met?" Otto began, deciding to make conversation as we walked.

My jaw clenched. "Less than," I answered curtly.

"Then I am sorry to hear it," Otto responded, and Tell Spotter didn't detect a lie in his words. My faith in the ability was shaken harshly. Especially when it had so spectacularly failed to catch Horrik in a lie. Or detect that Thorfinn had my brothers murdered as he made idle conversation or acted friendly. That, I was forced to face, was because both sidestepped telling lies.

How they did so differed, I think. Horrik managed it by misleading me in hindsight -- everything that he said about King Sigfred was true to some degree. There were a lot of small things in hindsight that gave it away. How he raged at his son the day after Kirk's murder -- I thought it was because he was humiliated by King Sigfred, but the anger was at his son. The talk that we had after I made my accusations about King Sigfred -- the plan he uttered…

Tell Spotter was not all-powerful. I was a fool to think that it was.

Which is why it was so troubling that Tell Spotter didn't get anything from Otto. As far as I could tell, he genuinely meant his words. "Do you not hold a grudge against me? It would be in your right to," I responded as we walked, watching the priest carefully. I raided his church, captured him, used what he taught me against his fellow Christians, ransomed him, then ended up capturing him again. Fate had a sense of humor, but it would be understandable for him to hold anger in his heart for me. Much less offer what seemed to be sincere condolences.

"Ill will is a poison of the soul, Lord Siegfried," Otto responded, aiming a small smile down at me.

"Most allow their souls to be poisoned," I responded. Myself included.

To that, Otto let out a warm chuckle. "Perhaps. And there was a time that I was one of them, early on. I harbored anger for you and your compatriots -- for all the slaughter and pillaging. I doubted and feared. The fool that I was, I questioned God and his plan. Lamenting what was lost."

The words rang with a hint of truth to them, "Something changed?"

"I like to believe I did," Otto admitted. "Everything moves in accordance with the will of God. All is within his plan and only He knows what is to come and what shall be. I may not understand what my role in his plan may be, but I have endeavored to fulfill it to my utmost ability. Duke Ageric had taken me in as a priest and advisor, and I have offered what little wisdom I possess. Now, it seems that God has deemed that we be reunited."

The attitude wasn't unfamiliar to me. "You speak of fate and the norns," I said, nodding to myself. The norns were the weavers of fate. Something fundamental and inescapable. Something even the gods were bound by. There were many that some as Otto did. I found the attitude a puzzling one, but not disagreeable.

"I speak of the will of God," Otto corrected.

I grunted, thinking to myself that his God had seized the credit for the work of the norns. However, in the end, they were both the same thing -- Fate had decided that we should meet again. For what purpose? Only the norns would know.

It was then that the church came into view at the very heart of the city. Something I noticed was similar in Cologne. A well was before it in a small central square that had a few warriors around it, keeping an eye on one of the remaining groups of Franks still within the city. They watched me with a sense of awe as we approached the church to find the doors were wide open, revealing half a hundred Franks that were either bound or injured or both. This was where King Widukind decided to house the wealthy hostages.

They, I found, did not look upon me with kindness. Many seemed surprised that I didn't burst into flames the moment I stepped inside. "This way, my lord," Otto said, leading me to the back of the church to what amounted to a closet. It had since been converted to a private room for Duke Ageric. It hadn't been that long since I last saw him, but I noticed that his face was much paler and shiny with sweat.

"Siegfried Erikson," Ageric uttered, resting upon a cot of hay with a blanket over his lap. "Forgive me for not bowing. You were the one that broke my leg, after all." It would seem that Ageric had allowed some poison into his soul.

"You are forgiven," I responded, making his eyes narrow at me. "You wished to speak of your release?"

In response, Ageric reached out to a table next to him, grabbing a goblet of what seemed to be wine. His hand trembled ever so slightly as he brought it up to his lips, drinking deeply from it. Once his thirst was quenched, and he made me wait, he spoke. "A start to negotiations."

I tilted my head to the side, "You were traded for two hundred pounds of silver once before. Are you saying that your value has gone down?" I questioned, grabbing a stool by the bed and taking a seat.

"Have a care of how you speak, heathen," Ageric snapped at me, but even as he did, he sounded tired. "I have… been reaffirmed as Duke of Frisia by King Charlemagne himself. As Duke, I have a duty to my people and I shall not despoil them any further with my shame. I brought you here to tell you that ten pounds of silver is all you shall see from me for my immediate release and that of Otto." He drew himself up as he spoke, glowering at me, but the image was undercut by a head of sweat falling into his eye.

He seemed unwell.

With how little he was offering? I think he was very unwell. "Ten pounds of silver? I thought you were a very valuable hostage. Will your people not pay for your release?"

"They have already done so. They will not do so again. Ten pounds of silver. If not, then slit my throat now and be done with it," Ageric snapped at me, a hand going to the goblet once again, only his hand knocked it over. He cursed, going to grab it, but Otto quickly crossed the distance and did so for him, buying me a moment to think. Ten pounds of silver wasn't an inconsiderate sum, but it was a very far cry from the two hundred pounds that I had hoped to get for him.

"I will not part with you for anything less than a hundred," I told him outright. That was what he was worth.

Ageric laughed, "Then I shall bite my tongue off and damn myself to an eternity of hell. It was a mistake to pay the ransom in the first place. I have a brother. Upon my death, he shall become Duke, and I pray that he is the one that sees you dead." He continued, his tone bitter and hostile.

I did underestimate Ageric, I think. I didn't think of him as a coward, but I underestimated how stubborn he could be. One thing, however, didn't quite add up. "Or, you don't wish for your brother to pay for the life of a dying man," I responded and Ageric flinched. Standing up, I grabbed the bed cover and ripped it away and, almost instantly, I was hit with the smell of rot.

The wound from the break wept puss, and it was inflamed harshly. It was bad enough that I was surprised that the bottom half of his leg hadn't already been removed. It was killing him. Looking at Ageric, if I had to guess, I would say it was his own stubbornness.

"The heathen thinks it's clever, Otto," Ageric snapped at me, baring his teeth. "Yes. I'm dying. Ten pounds of silver for a dying Duke seems a fair offer, does it not?"

I inspected the wound for a moment, thinking on it all. Ten pounds of silver for his immediate release. That told me that he already had ten pounds of silver somewhere. That was less important than the fact he was trying to immediately leave. "You're right. You wouldn't survive a siege," I remarked, making him scowl at me. "And the heathen does think it's clever." My gaze drifted over to Otto, who still clutched a pitcher of wine in his hands. "Clever enough that it realized it asked the wrong question."

That got the Duke's attention, and I answered the unspoken question in his eyes. "How much is your leg worth to you?"

"I… refuse to partake in your… vile magics. What would you have me do? Bathe in the blood of infants and howl at the moon?" He bit the words out, but I saw it in his eyes. Hope. Desperation. I think if I could prove it would work, then he actually would bathe in the blood of infants and howl at the moon if it meant he didn't die from an infection or have to live as a cripple. It made sense to me. It was better to die whole than live as a cripple for what life could a cripple lead?

Even as a Duke, I couldn't imagine it would be a tolerable existence. Perhaps especially as a Duke.

"Think of it as your God's will," I replied. "Anyone else would slit your throat so at least then you could pass without pain. If its possible to save your leg and your life? Then I'm the one who could do it. So, I ask you, Duke Ageric, how much is your leg and life worth to you?"

Ageric scoffed, but it wasn't a convincing sound, "God led you to Frankfort, and allowed you to sack the city, all so you could save my leg?" He questioned, sounding like he didn't believe it.

I didn't either. No. This was the work of Fate. The norns provided an opportunity in the tapestry of my life and the means to seize it.

"I've been told your god works in mysterious ways," I answered. "You must be very important to his plan." Otto seemed extremely displeased with me, but he held his tongue and looked to the floor. I'm sure he truly regretted teaching me anything about his god.

Ageric licked his lips. "F-fifty pounds of silver."

I smiled in response.

He would pay me fifty pounds, but it wasn't in silver.

The price I extracted?

Fifty pounds of gold and precious stones.

…

"You seem pleased with yourself -- an enlightening conversation with that doddering priest?" Morrigan questioned, lounging in the villa that King Windukid gave us. Me. We shared it with the rest of the company, and in the halls, I could hear the men still celebrating our victory. Thorkell among them. The ordinarily plain room was richly decorated with blatant wealth that had been stolen from the wealthy around the city. Barrels of ale, bottles of wine, piles of candle sticks or trinkets.

Some were made of brass, copper, or wrought iron, but the craftsmanship in them made them worth something.

Where I found Morrigan was a small room that was lined with scrolls. Taking one, I unfurled it to see that they were written in Latin. My ability to speak the language was stilted and broken, but reading it was far more difficult. The only person that could that I knew would be Otto and I didn't think he would want to speak to me any time soon. Setting the scroll down, and smudging the vellum with blood I looked at Morrigan to find her watching me carefully.

"I managed to get a good ransom," I informed her, and I saw a ghost of a smile tug at her lips as she leaned back in her seat. "What brings you here?"

"T'is a question I should be asking you," Morrigan responded, dodging the question as she left a scroll she had been looking at after furling it up. "We have taken this city, but as you have so adequately proven, keeping it will prove difficult. This Charlemagne will have numbers on his side, yes? T'is it not obvious that staying here is a very good way to be trapped?" She questioned, crossing her arms over her chest.

"It sounds like you have a suggestion," I pointed out, leaning against the wall. Morrigan had a point. The plan was that we would take the city before King Charlemagne managed to march on us, and we did. Now, however, it meant that we were in the city and he would be outside it, making his cavalry useless. That's what we wanted. I had yet to see it in action, but Father had warned me of the dangers of cavalry, and it was a warning that I would heed.

Still, it would mean that we would be put under siege. I knew little of them, but Thorkell made them sound unpleasant.

"Let this be the tomb of Widukind, and his alone," Morrigan uttered, approaching me. I saw that she helped herself to the jewelry that had been found because her arms were clad in trinkets. As she approached, her voice softened into little more than a whisper, as if wary that she would be overheard. "Convince him that you wish to act as a raiding party. Whatever he might believe. When the Frank King appears with his army, we won't be the ones trapped within, forced to starve and wait. A siege could last years."

Betrayal. She spoke of betrayal. Morrigan pressed a hand against the side of my face, her golden eyes gazing heavily into mine. "We already have what we came for -- wealth and splendor. We needn't bind our fates to the Saxon King. Let us take our spoils and depart, continue down to Miklagard with what warriors will join us." Before, she spoke of considering our options. Now, her talks of betrayal were more blatant.

My eyes narrowed, "What brings this?" I asked her because if I didn't know any better, I would say that Morrigan sounded scared.

To that, her lips thinned. "The Saxon King is a fool. This is a fight he cannot win," she informed, withdrawing her hand before she grabbed the scroll that she had been looking at. She pressed it into my hands and I unfurled it, looking at… something.

"T'is a map," Morrigan informed, pressing a finger on the parchment that was marked. Frankfurt. "It marks the territory of the Frankish kingdom," she continued, her finger moving and…

My heart clenched as I realized that the odd shapes were supposed to represent countries. I didn't see Denmark on the map, but I did see the blob that was meant to represent Saxony. A small muddy brown color that had the Rhine river running through it. On its border was Frankland…

Frankland was more than a dozen times larger than Saxony.

"T'is a fool's endeavor," Morrigan summarized her thoughts, "What battles we might have won are paltry against the true might of the Frankish Kingdom. I suspect the only reason why we have not been crushed is simply the long journey his troops must make to reach us. If this foolish plan to hide behind these walls is the only one that we have? Then defeat is certain."

With that, leaving me staring at the map, Morrigan left me alone in the room. Leaving me with nothing but my thoughts. A heavy weight settled on my shoulders as I tightly gripped the map, Thorkell's words echoing in my head.

Being a leader truly was a difficult thing.

What did I honor?

My word, or the lives of my men?

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 1,169 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 14, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Gods Laugh at the Plans of Men
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,752
I found King Widukind in a tavern. It was one of decent make, more stone than wood, though the floors were made from thick wooden planks. Furniture was of decent make, but it was currently stacked up along the walls to make room for the comings and goings of messengers. At the heart of the tavern were a long couple of tables that were pushed together to hold the model that was being meticulously assembled. One of Frankfurt was being combined with one of the surrounding area. King Widukind himself was piecing it together with twigs and stacking stones.

"How many steps from the pen to the wall?" He asked, not noticing my arrival as he poured over the model. It was a very interesting method of preparation. Time-consuming, however. Five men stood before the table as he was measuring everything out.

"Thirteen," one man spoke up, making King Widukind pause. There was a small beat of silence and the man started to look nervous.

"Thirteen?" King Widukind echoed, a sharp and deadly edge in his voice. "Thirteen? How could it be thirteen steps when the road between the wall and this house is twenty-three? Did the road get narrower? Is the pen out of place? Or did you miscount?" He questioned, looking at the man that uttered the answer with a gaze sharp enough to cut.

He swallowed thickly. "I… I shall recount, my king." He voiced, offering a stiff bow as if to ask for forgiveness.

"Do so," King Widukind returned, his voice curt. It was when he sent the scout away, as he brushed past me with pale bloodless skin, only then did King Widukind notice my arrival. He jerked up, standing tall as he turned to face me. "Siegfried. I did not hear you enter. Welcome -- wine? The Franks had a fine selection. They're godless, but they do know how to make a drink."

"No thank you," I responded instinctually, quickly enough that it earned his attention while an attendant brought a jug of wine forward. With a wave of his hand, he dismissed the scouts, all of which looked upon me with wide eyes as they left.

He didn't seem surprised with my refusal, "I suppose I shouldn't expect you to so readily take a drink after so recently surviving a poisoning." He remarked, making my eyes narrow when he poured himself a glass. He offered me a sly smirk, "Your men talk about many things when they're drunk and in high spirits. One of the things that they mentioned is your family being branded outlaws and the attempt on your life. Something you failed to mention when you arrived."

My lips thinned. It wasn't a secret. Not exactly. But, I didn't like the fact that he knew before I told him. Even if I wasn't sure if I was ever going to tell him. "Does it matter? I took the city for you, did I not?" I questioned, watching King Widukind carefully. It felt like I just entered a game of wits that I was unprepared for. King Widukind had been watching me, I suspected. Pumping my men for information.

King Widukind inclined his head to me. "That, you did," he admitted. "And no, it does not. I always believed Jarl Horrik to be a curr. I advised King Sigfred to avoid inviting a snake to sup with us, but he believed it to be an opportunity to finally rid himself of an old longstanding enemy. Perhaps he might have succeeded, but the gods have clearly made their favor known."

It never occurred to me, but could King Widukind hold a grudge against me? I knew little of the relationship that King Widukind and Sigfred had. Only that King Widukind had fled from Saxony to Denmark when King Charlegmane first invaded. Harbored him. Did the relationship extend beyond politics? Were the friends? Had I, in my ignorance, alienated King Widukind by helping Horrik supplant his friend?

"The gods work in mysterious ways. No one can truly know if one has their favor," I responded, looking away from the king and to the model that was being built. That was something that still nipped at me in the back of my mind. I had clearly fallen for a cruel jest from Loki in believing that King Sigfred had been responsible for the deaths of my brothers. However, if I truly had the blessing of the gods, then surely my brothers and father would still live?

Had it really been their fate to die like that? To daggers in the dark at the hands of cowards?

"I suppose you would know, Siegfried," King Widukind remarked, looking at me over the rim of his wine glass. He was measuring me with his eyes and I saw them flicker down to the axe and sword I kept at my belt. He looked at me how Horrik and King Sigfred used to look at me -- as if they were deciding how to use me. What they could get from me. "I didn't really believe it. Men like to tell tall tales. I didn't doubt the deeds themselves, but taking a fortress single handily? A city? Tall tales indeed."

He was leading up to a point, and I was content to let him take his time. Something I've found in recent times was that people wanted to use me. As much as some looked upon me with awe or fear, there were people like King Widukind that saw what I could do and plotted to use me for all I was worth. He wanted me to win his war for him, I suspected. And the map in my waistband felt heavy because I didn't know if that was even possible.

"But the stories had more truth in them than I suspected. You took the walls of Frankfort. Something that I suspected would take hundreds of lives to accomplish," he continued, his tone decidedly even as he set his goblet of wine down on the table, next to the model. "I suspect that you know your own value, Siegfried. That you shall be… instrumental in winning the freedom of the Saxons."

"I hardly think I'm a replacement for thousands of men," I returned. Especially if everything that we had faced so far was merely the start. I couldn't get it out of my head -- how vast that map had been. How large the Frank kingdom was. How many men could King Charlegmane muster? Had everyone we killed so far… Did it even matter?

"I wouldn't be so sure," King Widukind continued to flatter me. "War… I traveled far in my search for wisdom when I was a much younger man. Wisdom on how I could defeat the Franks. There was a quote that I heard once. I know not who uttered it, but I've found that they knew the truth of war better than any other. 'Out of every hundred men, ten shouldn't even be here, eighty are targets, nine are the real fighters. Ah, but the one, one is a warrior, who shall see the others back safely.'" As King Widukind uttered the quote, he sat down and I saw a glimpse of exhaustion as he looked upon the model.

I frowned at the saying, finding that it didn't sit well with me. I could clearly see what he was trying to say -- I was the warrior. Or one of the nine. But the quote and sayer was wrong. Perhaps that was true in lesser cultures, but Norsemen were brave. We didn't cower in the face of the enemy. That being said, I couldn't help but be struck by familiarity -- it sounded similar to what King Charlegmane said about his own army.

However, before I could say anything, he continued. "You are a corpse maker. One unlike I have ever seen, Siegfried. Woden favors you and you do his bidding well. In the face of you, the ten shall flee. Their cowardice will make the other eighty route. The ten that fight… they shall be overwhelmed. The battle shall be won."

"Winning a battle is different from winning a war," I decided, reaching back to the map. I saw that King Widukind knew exactly what I was going to show him before I passed it to him. All the same, he accepted the map and unfurled it, looking at the map. The rivers were marked upon it, as were many cities. Paris, Rouen, Brussels, and so many more. "People believe that the war is all but won. We have had three victories and slain many men. That couldn't be further from the truth, could it?"

King Widukind ran his fingers over the roads and rivers. "I imagine that it does look daunting seeing it like this," he admitted. "Saxony is clearly larger than what is portrayed, but I confess to knowing that the Franks were a kingdom many times larger than us."

"And you chose to hide it," I stated, an edge in my tone. I expected a sharp rebuke, but King Widukind nodded, still overlooking the map. His lips tugged down into a frown while a hand drifted up to strike his beard in thought.

"Of course, I did. If a look at this is enough to make a corpse maker like you tremble, then what of the lesser men?" He questioned and I narrowed my eyes at the insult. I wasn't trembling. I wasn't a coward. I had concerns. Reasonable ones. "I hid the knowledge from but a select few. It'd cause unnecessary strife within our army… and the very thing that shall cause that strife is what will cause the downfall of the Franks, Siegfried." King Widukind looked at me after a long moment, his gaze intense. There was a burning fire in his eyes that told me that he believed them.

I felt a flash of shame run through me. I thought he didn't have a plan. I should have learned if he did or not before jumping to conclusions. "What do you mean by that?" I asked, glancing at the map and seeing a nation that utterly dwarfed Saxony. The only weakness I could think of was that it would take a great deal of time to muster up an army in the far west and march them over to Saxony. However, that time was measured in weeks. Maybe two. Less by ship.

"King Charlemagne is an old enemy of mine. I've hated him long before he ever knew who I was. However, I am hardly the only enemy he has," King Widukind spoke, leaning forward as he pushed the map to me. "Tell me, Siegfried. What do you know of our enemy?" He asked me and my lips thinned.

"Not a lot," I admitted. I knew that he detested us for being heathens. And I agreed with the sayings that he would kill us all if he could. King Charlemagne struck me as a man who believed in what he was doing. As surely as I believed in what I did. Beyond that, I didn't really know much.

King Widukind did. "When I was young, the Frankish kingdom wasn't what it is today. It was still a mighty kingdom, to be sure, but it wasn't what King Charlemagne would turn it into. You see, the prior king, his father, knew that his sons could not coexist within the same kingdom. One would not submit to the other for they were both too ambitious by nature. For that reason, upon his death, King Pepin divided his kingdom between his sons." I didn't know that king Charlemagne had a brother. "However, this made the rivalry between them turn bitter. Both felt cheated out of their inheritance. For that reason, they began to scheme on how to reunify Francia."

"Kinslaying," I muttered the word bitterly, knowing where he was going with this. I couldn't imagine it. I couldn't. It was vile in an instinctual way. There were times I disliked my brothers. There were times when I outright hated them. However, I'd sooner part with a hand than raise it against them with the intention to kill. To murder. There was no one more forsaken than those that killed their own kin out of ambition.

King Widukind nodded, "Aye. King Charlemagne murdered his own brother for the crown, but before that, there were years of foul actions and blood debts made. Both brothers discredited the other at every turn or weakening their support base. Meaning, that when King Charlemagne inherited King Carloman's kingdom, he inherited the same men that he had insulted and disgraced to weaken his brother." And with that, the plan became much clearer.

We had allies within the kingdom. Perhaps ones that weren't outright friends, but they possessed a common enemy. "You intend to weaken King Charlemagne enough that his enemy's take action against him," I voiced, earning a slow nod from the Saxon King.

"King Charlemagne possessed too many Jarls underneath him. Many are dissatisfied, but they are afraid to take action. They're afraid because King Charlemagne rarely loses in anything, which makes this so damning. By now, word of King Charlemagne's string of defeats would have spread throughout his kingdom. The loss of four or five thousand men would be disastrous for anyone else, but as you have shown… Francia has the men to spare. But taking Cologne? That will cause some ripples. People will always remember the defeats more than the victories. Especially when they come so rarely and against heathen barbarians such as ourselves."

I nodded slowly, seeing it in my mind. The only thing that I could compare it to was the gossip I heard back in Alabu back when Horrik hadn't announced that we would be joining this campaign. Something I never thought much of until now. If Horrik had decided not to go, what would have happened? Would people have called him a coward? Would they have gone on their own? The support that Horrik had would have fractured, however slightly. Meaning that if the support was hammered enough, then it could break like King Widukind said.

"Do we have stated support from anyone within the kingdom?" I questioned, making King Widukind shake his head. "Do we know of anyone that would act?"

He smiled slightly in response, "Several. I know not of their lands, but I do know their names. Hunoald Louping, Loup Louping, Theoderic Nevers, Theobert Nibelunging, Wido Leudoni. They are powerful jarls within Francia. But, I suspect that they shall act cautiously."

I thought about it. I knew who I could ask to gain such information, though I doubt that Ageric would be feeling… positively disposed to me at the moment. Between Morrigan and I tending to him, we should be able to save his leg but it couldn't be denied that he was paying a hefty price for it. Beyond that, it was a risk, I could see. If we deliberately allowed some of Francia to gather its strength, there was no guarantee that it would be used against King Charlemagne and not us. We could be giving the enemy the time they needed to gather themselves.

"Siegfried," King Widukind started, bringing my attention back to him. "I will be sending a number of raiding parties out into Francia to raid. Both in hopes of disrupting the Franks supplies, and to foster discord among them. To embolden those that would take action against their king. I want you to lead the largest of them. Two hundred men. Go wherever you feel you can do the most damage." He instructed, and two hundred men was a large jump from the current number of forty.

What could I do with two hundred men?

Thorkell said that there had been a hundred losses taking Cologne. It was a city that was defended. Could we take a city with fewer deaths? That would certainly blacken the eye of the Frankish king. More than that, it was an opportunity to obtain more wealth.

"What will you do in the meantime?" I questioned, not committing to the idea yet. I couldn't let my greed guide me here. I had to think like a leader. What would be best for my men? What would be best for my quest of vengeance?

"We shall hold here. King Charlemagne will not attack so recklessly. He will understand the dangers to his own rule far better than us. He will be cautious and build up his strength. Cologne will be put under siege, but that matters little. I have men in Saxony that are gathering forces. Between the raiding parties and another army, King Charlemagne will find himself surrounded and he knows it but he must be seen taking action. As such, his army shall be stuck here instead of patrolling the countryside where it will be needed." King Widukind stated, and I saw that was his intention all along.

Morrigan hadn't been wrong. Not exactly. But her concerns seemed to be accounted for and the siege itself was a way to advance King Widukind's plans. I thought it over in my head for a long moment, considering our course. In truth, I had no true stake in this war. The only concern I had was if King Charlemagne would continue upward and conquer Denmark, robbing me of my vengeance. With what I had, it did make sense to continue onward to Miklagard.

However, it also felt… wrong. As if I were abandoning King Widukind when he needed me. When he was relying on me. I didn't owe him anything. Not really. Not enough to commit myself to his cause. But I gave him my word to act as a mercenary and he gave me a reason to believe that he did know what he was doing. The only true difficulties he faced were due to his allies abandoning him because of internal struggles.

"I'll lead the raiding parties on the condition that all the valuables we take belong to us," I decided, seeing a slow smile spread across the face of King Widukind. There was relief in his expression as he held out a hand to clasp forearms.

"I expected nothing less," King Widukind returned, telling me that I could have haggled for a better price. I'm not entirely certain for what, though. I had no interest in joining his court nor in land. The only thing I could think of was getting a promise of aid against Horrik, but given that the future of Saxony itself was in doubt, it felt like a hollow promise to receive. "Siegfried, I suspect you have a grand destiny before you, but the gods have seen fit to bind our fates for now. So, allow me to give you some wisdom -- sometimes the only way to defeat an enemy is to make them defeat themselves. Learning where they are strong is just as important as learning where they are weak."

He reached out and gave my shoulder a squeeze and I offered a small nod, feeling… humbled. Thorkell had admonished me for how I acted as a leader. Now King Widukind showed me that there was a great deal more to war than winning battles. It showed me how little I really knew about war and how much I still had to learn.

"I'll take the lesson to heart, King Widukind."

…

It took a week for the raiding parties to be formed. Which was a week that I spent questioning Ageric about the dukes that King Widukind had mentioned. In doing so, I learned that a number of them resided on the coastline in what had been King Carloman's kingdom. Meaning that raiding by ship would be unwise because I would be harming potential… allies.

The raiding parties varied in size a great deal. Some were as few as ten, while I was the largest of two hundred. Thirty of which were my mercenary company. As the week passed, some things became very apparent.

"You were right," I remarked at Thorkell, overlooking the two hundred men that I would be in command of. "All of them are Norse."

"Raiding is dangerous work," Thorkell acknowledged. "There are going to be patrols, or forces coming up the roads. As much damage as we're going to do to the Franks, the raiders are going to be spilling blood as well. Better than the blood is mercenaries over Saxons," Thorkell remarked, leaning on the rampart as we stood in a watch tower, with his arms crossed.

All of the raiders were Norse. There were an odd two hundred that would remain behind within Frankfurt, but out of the near nine hundred Norse mercenaries that King Widukind had, he was sending out about seven hundred of us throughout Francia. All were completely independent with no organization to speak of. I imagine that a number of them would be raiding for some wealth before leaving the war entirely. While others would end up forming larger groups.

It was difficult to see anything other than bleeding us while the Saxons stayed behind the wall. Safe.

"Do you think I made the wrong choice?" I asked Thorkell, looking up at the man to find him shrugging.

"Can only know that after everything is all said and done. Letting mercenaries take the risks is normal enough. This is blatant enough to leave a bad taste in the mouth, but given that the Norse kingdoms abandoned him, I can't say I don't understand why he's not putting any trust into us," Thorkell admitted. "Still, the whole strategy makes sense as far as I reckon. No unity makes us difficult to pin down, and even as they get one group, there's another dozen running amok."

King Widukind hadn't lied to me. Not in a way that triggered Tell Spotter. But it also didn't feel like he told the whole truth.

Another lesson, I suppose. I needed to be aware that everyone I dealt with had an ulterior motive.

"In any case, it's a good opportunity. I would have done the same," Thorkell offered and I felt myself breathe a little easier at his approval. Thorkell knew what he was doing. More so than I, I suspected. It helped convince me that this was the correct course of action.

"Good," I decided, heading for the stairs down to the guardhouse below the top of the tower. Below, I saw a number of my men -- the ten that I would be leaving behind along with Jill and Morrigan. Morrigan was unhappy. She stayed unhappy since she learned that we wouldn't immediately abandon King Widukind and she only got more unhappy the moment that she learned that she was staying behind.

"Leaving, were you?" Morrigan questioned, her arms crossed over her chest and her lips pressed into a line as she regarded me coldly. "T'is not too late to change your mind from this fool's endeavor. Let us be done with the Saxons and move on to Miklagard while we still can." She voiced her opinion and I saw a few of the men glower at her for her sharp words. Thorkell looked like he was fighting off a smile. And losing. Badly.

I swallowed a sigh. It felt like we already had that argument. Several times. "King Widukind has a plan. A good one that makes winning this war possible."

"For how long, I wonder? T'is very optimistic to simply assume that the whole nation will plunge into civil war until Ragnarok comes. Which is what the Saxons shall need if they hope to remain independent," Morrigan pointed out, earning a dirty look from Jill out of the corner of her eye. Dealing with Morrigan could be exhausting at times, but it was a good thing she wasn't willing to swallow her opinions simply because I said something.

To that, I shrugged, "It won't be our problem." I answered her, knowing it to be true. Maybe we could strike down King Charlemagne. Maybe we could bring Francia low. Or, in the more likely case, we gave the Franks bigger issues to deal with and the invasion of Saxony was pushed to the wayside. For how long? Could be as little as a year. Could be decades. It also didn't really matter. I wasn't a Saxon. After my contract was fulfilled, what happened next wasn't on me unless King Widukind hired me again.

By the time King Widukind could hope to threaten Denmark, I intended to be king of it.

"How very mercenary of you," Morrigan remarked, sounding like she did approve of that, at least. "Still, if you insist on going on this fool's errand, then I should go with you. I have no interest in staying here and trading words with that doddering priest you're so fond of."

Jill spoke up as well, her hands bunched into her skirts, "I would like to go as well." She stated, offering nothing else. She seemed very disappointed when I shook my head.

"Morrigan, I need you to preserve Algeric's leg and he can't come with us," I reminded why she couldn't come. Jill had less of a reason to stay, but she couldn't come with us. The two hundred warriors that were coming were warriors. Jill wasn't a fighter. We would need to be swift and deal devastating damage everywhere we went. To that end, we couldn't have anyone that would slow us down. Jill, unfortunately, did. That was one reason.

Instead of voicing the other, I looked to the ten men. "Your job is to protect them," I told them in no uncertain terms. They all gave me nods all around before I glanced at the doors to make sure that they were closed before continuing. "And you are to speak to the remaining Norse warriors within the city once we are gone."

Morrigan perked up immediately, "Treachery, is it?"

I scowled at her, "No," I bit the word out. "King Widukind has done nothing to earn my ire nor my treachery. I don't believe he intends to betray us, but that doesn't mean that he won't. Nor does it mean that he is right about this plan," I told her, and something in my tone made Morrigan look away. "Speak to the Norse warriors. Use the time that you have here to make allies. And plan how to leave should it come to it. Do you understand?"

"Aye, Wolf-Kissed," one of my men said, clasping a hand on his armring. Eystein Ornolfsson, if I remembered the name. Learning them all would be difficult, but it was something that would be worth doing. "You have my word. No harm shall fall upon your women while we still draw breath." To that, Jill flushed while Morrigan rolled her eyes to the ceiling. Thorkell sounded like he was choking on something. I'm pretty sure it was a laugh.

"I believe you," I told him, making him stand a bit straighter. Tell Spotter wasn't tripped. It may not mean he was uttering the truth, but I don't think he was lying. "Jill, Morrigan…" I started, looking at the two. I didn't want to leave them, in truth. I couldn't protect them if I wasn't here or they were with me. But it was foolish to bring them both into danger just so I could protect them from it. "I know that you do not care for each other."

Almost as if on cue, both girls looked at one another and their faces pinched in unison. No. No, they did not care for one another. At all. Even still, I continued, "But I ask that you take care of one another. We do not have as many friends here as people will have us believe. Will you promise me that?" I asked, looking between them, uncertain of what the answer would be. As I expected, Morrigan scowled, rejecting the notion that she would need anyone to take care of her. And bulking at the idea of being responsible for anyone other than herself.

Jill took the request with far more grace. "As you say, Siegfried. I will look after Morrigan as if she were my own sister."

"You look after me-" Morrigan started, sputtering at the mere idea of it before she bit the words back. Looking away as she scowled to herself, she flicked a golden eyed stare at me for a moment before she offered a curt nod. "Fine. I shall ensure that your tag-along shan't suffer a well-deserved fate." That was about as much as I could expect from her and, honestly, it was more than I expected in the first place.

Jill also seemed equally unsurprised by the remark and simply stepped forward, reaching out to take my hands in hers. "Be safe, Siegfried. We shall await your return," Jill stated before leaning forward and pressing her lips to my cheek. My flesh felt hot as she pulled back, and I found that Jill was blushing at her own actions as I was. She gave my hands a small squeeze before stepping back, deliberately ignoring the look that Morrigan was giving her. And, in that moment, I'm pretty sure the greatest danger to Jill was Morrigan herself.

"I… shall," I got my mouth to work after a moment, much to Thorkell's amusement. I was starting to wish that he really would choke on those laughs he was failing to swallow down. Not really sure what else to say, I headed for the door, heading for the ramparts where I would greet the two hundred men that I would be fighting beside.

Between women and war… I suspected that the latter was easier to understand.

...

For those that care, I've tried my hand at making a Quest over in the NSFW Questing section. It's a Rimworld/Waifu Catalog crossover where teams of waifus have formed colonies across the rimworld are fighting for supremacy over the planet, competing for resources, or just trying to GTFO before the incredibly hostile planet kills them. So, if that sounds like something that could interest you, then here's a link: Crash and Burn (Rimworld/WC)

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 984 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 4, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks To be Iviking
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,774
As it would turn out, King Widukind's need for exact measurements worked out perfectly for us. The scouts that were sent out to patrol the countryside and monitor the Frankish army had reported almost everything that they had seen, ranging from good terrain, poor terrain, hamlets, villages, and towns. There was a rather clearly marked border between what they explored and everything beyond it, but at the very least, it served as a starting point to decide our course of action.

There were a number of villages dotted around the countryside, but they were relatively sparse. More so now because the smaller raiding parties were able to mobilize ahead of us. Meaning that we would have to penetrate deeper into the Frankish Kingdom for spoils. I did, however, learn the names of a number of towns and cities that laid beyond what we knew -- down the Rhine River was a settlement called Mannheim. Deeper inland were cities known as Luxembourg, Saabrucken, and Trier.

Many notable towns and villages were dotted along the way, connected by dirt roads and sometimes stone. From the tales the scouts had told us, echoing what they were told by Frankish thralls, some of these towns were as large or larger than Alabu.

But, that didn't mean all of them were viable targets. I had a company of two hundred men. Fifty were archers, the rest were warriors. Each carried a shield but few possessed any type of armor beyond a gambeson. Our ships only carried enough food for a week without any other source of sustenance. The assumption was that we would be taking our food from the villages that we came across. For that same reason we weren't given any carts or animals to move our supplies once we moved inland.

Lastly, I learned that the territory that I intended to start raiding was all owned by a single man. Duke Hanabi Agilolfing. A staunch supporter of King Charlemagne and a powerful man within the kingdom. The core of his territory stretched from a notable town called Ulm to a place called Bern, but he commanded the thegns- or 'Counts' as the Franks called them, of the smaller territories around him.

Altogether, it was a good amount of information. Enough to put together a plan of action and decide what targets we wanted to raid. While our numbers were too few to take and hold a city, they were too many to waste on villages. Towns that lacked walls were ideal. Cities without an army in them similarly so.

"We leave the smaller targets to the roaming bands. Our priority should be towns and cities," I decided, looking at the map of the Frankish Kingdom. Only the big cities were marked on it, but I could use them as points of reference. "And we can't afford to stay in one place," I continued, making a small dot on a map between the town of Mannheim as we sailed down the Rhine River. Smoke drifted up from it and there were the smoldering ruins of several buildings. As we passed by, I saw a number of sacrifices around a tree in the village square, all hanging from it.

Sacrifices to Odin.

I crossed that dot out with another strike of a charcoal piece, marking the village as looted.

"Can't take thralls either. Maybe a few for hard labor, but when slaves feel like they aren't outnumbered, they start acting rowdy," Thorkell remarked, sitting at the rudder and savoring the breeze that blew behind us. My ships were all being used for the raiding, and of the hundred and fifty men, thirteen more had longships as leaders of their own mercenary companies. "As I see it, the biggest problem is going to be hauling loot. Men are loathe to leave behind anything that glitters, even if it means that they're slow enough for a hungry wolf to catch up to them."

As far as problems went, having too much loot was about as good of one to have as you could hope for. "Sending loot back up the Rhine is asking for it to be stolen. And I imagine it won't be too long before King Charlemagne realizes that we're using it," I agreed. Rivers were great for transportation, but if it came to an ambush, there was precious little we could do to respond beyond row faster to escape it. Or land if the ambushing party was small enough.

"Could try burying it," Thorkell remarked with a shrug. "Take some thralls, have them bury it, then kill them when we're done. No one but you would know where it is. Getting it might not be easy given the circumstances, but it'll be better than leaving it behind." The idea did have merit, I suppose.

"I suppose it depends on how much we find," I responded, thinking that it was something to consider. I was about to say more before Thorkell's head perked up, making me lift mine as well. I saw what he was looking at -- the scout ship that we had sent up the river was banked on the side. Empty of men, but there were a handful of our warriors that were waving us down. Standing up, I grabbed a horn before I pressed my lips to it and blew a sharp note while Thorkell began to guide us to the bank.

Almost as soon as we were within speaking distance, a man that I recognized approached. Short but stocky, dark black hair, black beard, and dark brown eyes. Hallstein Bergvidsson. One of the captains of the mercenaries that were put under my command. Though, most people called him Blood-Feather on account of the raven feathers that were woven into his chainmail. "Wolf-Kissed. We've finally outpaced the scraps," Hallstein greeted, giving me a wide smile as we began to disembark.

"Did we out-pace them or did they pass it over?" I questioned, my boots sloshing through the water. A lot of the mercenary bands had a week head start on us, but they went in every single direction except for into Saxony. The river was a natural choice for some, yet not everyone had a longship to navigate it. Between that, and the time it would take to perform the raid itself, our goal was to cut off the smaller bands before cutting into the kingdom by road.

The hope was to draw some Norse mercenaries to us in hopes of greater wealth. Not only to increase our numbers a bit, but to replace any losses we might suffer.

"Could be both," Hallstein admitted. "It's a big village. Smaller bands would know better than to try it. Any case, it's ripe for the taking," he voiced his opinion. I gestured for him to lead the way while the rest of the company started to get off the ships. Some would stay behind to guard them.

One thing that I was learning about Francia and Saxony was that there were a lot of forests. Dense ones, too. Between them and the hills, traversing without the ships would be difficult. A march that should only take a day could end up taking two instead. Even three in the wrong circumstances. All the same, Hallstein lead us up through a narrow path carved out of the forest, up a hill, before I saw what he spoke of.

It was a city. Did we arrive at Mannheim already? I thought it would have taken longer. Maybe another six hours of sailing, or so. Depending on how many bends there were in the river. The city itself had a low wall around it that had seen better days. It had outright collapsed in some places. There were a number of stone houses with clay roofing that all seemed to be arranged within the walls. However, there were a number of buildings that were made of wood arranged outside of the walls.

At the heart of the city itself was a large building. A church, I was coming to recognize.

I did see that several buildings were being disassembled for the stone and it was being used to rebuild the walls that were left in disrepair. Too little too late. Within the walls, the buildings were all arranged in a pattern. A grid. It was odd looking, I decided. I didn't like it.

Holding up my map, I frowned at it, seeing several turns and bends of the Rhine that we hadn't taken but I saw no other city that it could be. It had to be Mannheim. Rolling the map up, I looked down at the city in thought, flanked by Thorkell and Hallstien while the rest of the men disembarked. From what I could see, it was a bustling town. Bigger than Alabu, for certain. Bigger than Cologne, the more I looked at it. Was Mannheim supposed to be this big? We're all the important towns this size? Cologne was on it, but Frankfurt wasn't. It seemed almost arbitrary.

"We should attack swiftly. Those holes in the walls won't mean much if they're filled with the bodies of Franks," Hallstien remarked. A true point. This was different from Cologne. There was no Christian holiday to take advantage of. The gates were already closed and there was a constant workforce around the crumbling walls. I'd give it another three days before they were repaired completely, but even a half wall was better than no wall.

"Might be best to give up getting over that wall," Thorkell remarked, nodding at the city. "Plenty outside of it. Could set fire to the houses to disrupt any pitch battle and our movements." Another good plan.

In all likelihood, even the garrison of the city would outnumber us. We couldn't afford a pitched battle. Thorkell's suggestion was the wiser of the two, I thought, but it was missing something. That church would hold great wealth. Getting into the city would further weaken King Charlemagne because it would make it clear that his cities were not safe. That even a small force could sack them. To that end…

"The church tower is the alarm," I voiced, thinking the plan through. "They might work through the night, but they might not. Depends on how pressured they feel. Barracks are going to be points of concentration for soldiers…" I muttered, tilting my head at the city as I figured out how to best take it. The two captains watched me in silence, watching me work before I came to a conclusion. "We wait until nightfall. I'll sneak into the city now to learn where the enemy is and to disable that bell. Thorkell, Hallstien -- you two both lead a hundred men each into the city along paths that I mark. I'll open a path from within. At the same time, thirty men will set fire to a handful of buildings to draw attention in the wrong direction."

Delay their response and hit them where they were weak. There was a time for glory and there was a time for wisdom. We raid the church and everything along the path, get in and get out with our spoils. The fire would be a good distraction and to prevent us from being followed. Simple and clean.

"A shadow walking," Thorkell remarked, scratching at his cheek. "These things only hinge on the shadow walker surviving to get the job done and we don't have to worry about that with you. Aye, makes sense to me."

Hallstien laughed, "This will be a first for me! It shall be interesting fighting with you, Wolf-Kissed. Aye, I agree to this plan."

Good. All that was left was for them to wait. And for me to enter the city.

Quest: Sack the city
Rewards: 2000 Tactics exp and Prestige.
Additional Objective: Go undetected in your sabotage of its defenses.
Additional Reward: 500 Plotting exp.

…

"I don't want to be eaten…!" A small child wailed at the top of his lungs as he walked with his mother along the dirt streets, one hand in hers while she carried a basket against her hip. Fat tears dropped down his cheeks, and stumbling as he walked. His mother looked down at him, opening her mouth to say something, but swallowing it down.

"Hush, William," she chided as they walked past me. "No one will be eaten. I promise you that. King Charlemagne and his brave paladins will protect us from the heathens. I promise you, darling." The words did little to reassure the child and from the sound of it, the Frank woman was reassuring herself as much as she was her child.

Continuing past them, I drank in the city as the sun began to make its descent. I wore Frankish clothing and kept a scarf around my neck to hide the scar. Getting into the outer town had been easy. There were no sentries to speak of. Which left me time to explore the town to find the most direct path into the inner city. The wall itself had six holes from what I could see -- all from the walls being dismantled to build houses. Of those six, two were half complete but the other four were barely started.

The crews working them were about twenty people each. Labors with one overseer -- a few would deliver the stone, the rest would work to lay the stone, while the overseer barked orders the entire time. There were four gates to the walls as well, all left open, but all were guarded by about a dozen men.

Making a decision, I approached the overseer. He was a portly man, with thinning hair, but he wore marked better clothing than everyone around him. "Serah, I want to help build the wall to protect us from the heathens! But my Ma' says I have to help her with chores. Could I come back tonight and help build with the night shift?" I questioned, looking up at the man, who had a brief expression of annoyance until he looked at me.

"I- you do your king proud, young man. As well as your family, but there is no night shift. Go on to your mother, young one. She has need of you more than us," he remarked and I bobbed my head in a nod, and the scowl wasn't entirely fake. Was he saying that there wasn't a night shift because there wasn't one, or because I was a child in his eyes? I would need to keep an eye on that, but from what I saw, it would mean little. A fast attack would blow past them with ease.

Once I was out of sight, I headed to one of the gates and passed under it to enter the inner city. The roads were still dirt, but all of the buildings were made of stone, all pressed together and whitewashed. Most were two stories, each sectioned off in a grid pattern, which made the building that broke this pattern obvious. One of the barracks was a long building that was half open to serve as a stable. A couple dozen horses by the look of things. Hard to say what number I would be looking at in terms of guards, but I had overestimated what to expect by a decent margin.

The barrack and the towers at the walls. Altogether they might have… two hundred? Maybe more? Maybe less? In theory, we would be evenly matched, but that wasn't really the case. If I could do something to halt the guards in the barrack and in the watchtower near where I was going, then it would be two hundred against fifty to a hundred. Far better odds. I needed to take as much risk as I could upon myself. I needed to look at it as the more I killed, the less danger my men were in.

Making a mental note about that, I made my way up to the church and… "What deal did King Charlemagne make with the dwarves?" I wondered quietly to myself, looking at the building. It was a large building, just like the one that was in Cologne, but this one was even more decadent. If that were possible. Large stained glass windows, engravings on the stone that were in turn painted, depicting stories from the bible. With the doors open, I saw that the interior was rich. The walls were painted, gold and silver aplenty, the smell of something sweet coming from within.

It was worrying, in truth. If the dwarves favored King Charlemagne so clearly, they could pose an unexpected ally to the Frankish King. The dwarves were said to have little interest in the world above, preferring to toil in their vast underground kingdoms, but… if they would ever rise to the surface, it seemed like it would be for King Charlemagne. At any rate, it was something to keep an eye on.

Looking away from the splendor, I made my plan. My men were waiting on my signal, so I went back to the fringes of the city and started to collect stones and met up with a runner that would get everyone in position. Making an arrow after stomping them into the ground, people just laughed when I said it was to avoid getting lost. If my youth hindered me, then it could also help me.

I made my paths all the way up to the church, picking the path of least resistance. For the barracks and the tower walls, that was actually easier. Purchasing several jugs of wine had been expensive, but I would more than make up the wealth. Positioning them on top of the wood roofing? Easy enough. Waiting for the sun to descend and quietly moving a wagon and barricading the door? Little more tricky, but it was no issue.

All that was left was the bell, which I saved for last. I heard it ring out, calling for curfew as I climbed up the tower. It was shockingly easy, I found. The engravings offered plenty of handholds, and my strength gave me a rather firm grip. I thought I might have been scared when I looked down, but my heart beat steadily in my chest, focusing on the task at hand. In no time at all, I was inside the bell tower itself, finding it empty except for a brass bell. It was a bit bigger than I thought it would be, but nothing that I couldn't handle.

Taking out a piece of cloth and wrapping it around the piece of metal inside of the bell, I grabbed hold of the rope that turned it and cut it off with the edge of my axe. Using that rope to give me more cushioning, I grabbed hold of the brass clapper and gave a harsh pull. For a moment, I thought I would rip the entire thing off the wood block it was sat on, but the clapper gave way without the rest of the bell. Meaning that it was useless.

All that was left was to take out a torch that I had brought along with me -- a stick wrapped in some rags that were soaked in wine. Catching a spark with a piece of flint, the torch went up in a blaze. Grabbing it, I turned to the direction of my raiders and waved it back and forth. The signal for them to attack.

In response, I saw a handful of fires spark up in the distance, only barely visible because of my elevation. They became more visible when they were used to set arrows alight just before they were let loose to fall upon the city on the opposite end. Taking from their cue, I lifted the bow and arrow I had on my back -- also purchased inside of the city from an old hunter -- taking an arrow, I used the torch to light the rag I tied around it. Taking aim at the wine jugs on the barrack roof, I fired.

The flaming arrow sailed through the air, smashing into the wine jugs, and instantly the roof was on fire. Doing the same at the guard tower, I heard sounds of panic as people started to realize that they were under attack. I could see my men running through the space between the forest and the city, heading straight for the paths that I had marked. They would get in easily enough from what I saw.

Bonus Objective Complete!
Bonus Reward: 500 Plotting exp.

I paid the notification no mind beyond noting that I was eligible for my first Intrigue perk, because the door to the tower was hurriedly opened. It flung to the side, revealing a monk. Drab brown robes with an odd-looking haircut -- his hair was long, but his scalp was cut short. His eyes widened dramatically, "W-Wait-" he started, only to be silenced by my axe hacking into his neck. Grabbing him by the robe, I dragged him in while the sounds of panic were starting to grow. Closing the door behind him, I used his corpse to block it. It wouldn't work forever, but it would give me more time to react the next time someone tried to ring the bell.

Setting my two quivers to the side, I looked down into the city to see how it was reacting. There was a lot of confusion from what I could see. People thought the panic was because of the fires, but people didn't yet know that the fires happened because of an attack. There were sounds of panic that were coming up from the other side as my warriors entered the city, but they were intermingled with the calls of fire. The guard was reacting, however. A handful of them here and there were trying to figure out where they were supposed to go.

Taking aim with my bow and arrow, I lined up a shot before letting the arrow leap from my bow. It was nearly invisible in the air for but a moment before it reappeared in the back of the head of a guard that was barking orders to get the barrack open. The eight or so guards looking at him went bloodless, throwing up their shields, but they were clueless to where the arrow came from. Arrows leaped from my bow as the attack commenced in earnest. My warriors were cutting a swath through the city, attacking a meager defense in a two pronged attack. They didn't need my help, even if they did receive it.

The door opened again -- another monk. Killing him made my barrier stronger and gave me more time to fire at the guards that were going to the gates and holes in the city wall or tried to put out the fire that was slowly spreading. Panic had settled in for the most part, but most of the city didn't know it was under attack yet, though that wouldn't last. More and more people survived coming across my men and shouted about them as they fled, or guessed the city was under attack themselves. That was fine with me. As the guards formed up, I dropped them.

"The church! They're in the church!" I heard someone scream in horror, the words reaching me. I soon spotted the one who said them, the one that figured out where the arrows were coming from. Guards and people were flooding into the church as a place of refuge, as they always did. It was a young man, brown hair and green eyes, a few years older than me. As if he sensed his death incoming, he dived behind the nearest piece of cover, protecting himself from me.

Instead, I dropped a guard that was next to him, my last arrow spent. Dropping my bow, I pulled out my axes to address the shoving at the door as more people tried to ring the alarm. Ripping the door open, I batted away a panicked thrust from a guardsman before splitting his skull with an axe. Shoving him forward, there were shouts of heathen coming from below. The body acted as a shield from another guard, knocking him off balance enough that I could leap over him to land on the corner step. Hacking at his neck and killing him swiftly, I started making my way down the stairs.

"They're in the building! They're in the building!" The shouts of panic were harsh as more guards surged up the stairs, only to find their death. It was almost as if they were attacking me one at a time, and because of it, they had no hope. I slaughtered my way down the stairs, my face doused in a fine spray of blood while it dripped in rivers from my axes. Stepping through the door, I saw that the lavish church had a number of people in it. Citizens and guards alike. Not as many as there normally would be, but from the sounds of fighting outside, I'm guessing that they felt pressured to close the doors early.

A handful of guards rushed toward me and they faltered when I did the same. People sobbed and cried out in horror as I desecrated their church, spilling blood upon the stone floor and splattering the walls with Frankish blood. I carved a line through to the door that was being pounded at. Axes rather than fists by the sound of it. The half dozen men that were trying to barricade the door with their bodies died in position, allowing me to swing the doors wide open.

"Wolf-Kissed!" Hallstein greeted me, his face wet with blood, contrasting the wide smile on his face. His dark eyes were alive with excitement and joy as my raiders poured into the church to take everything of value. "Your plan worked! Hahahaha! Loved by the gods indeed! HAHA!" He shouted, diving into the thick of the looting.

"Remember! No thralls!" I shouted after those that entered with a shake of my head to find that they weren't listening. It reminded me of my first raid, I realized. The moment the looting started happening, any cohesion immediately evaporated like mist under the sun. Leaving us open to counterattacks.

It was hard to believe that it was only half a year ago that I was on my first raid. I watched it all happen, curling my lips in distaste, thinking that the moment I was in charge, I would do things differently. Well, I was in charge and I was seeing the exact same issues. A failure on my part. Or perhaps it was the arrogance of the ignorant. I wasn't sure yet. I wouldn't know until I tried to do things a bit differently. If only to make sure we didn't lose anyone to a stab in the back while they were looting.

"How dare you!" I heard someone scream a split second before a cup nearly nailed me in the head. A woman was getting held back by a few of my warriors, her clothing marking her as a nun, but the expression on her face was anything but peaceful. Tears gathered in her eyes, her face was a furious snarl as she lunged against the two warriors, who laughed. "How dare you attack the sacred city of Worms? King Charlemagne himself is a patron to this church!"

So little time, but I felt like a very different person. On my first raid, I would have looked at her with shame. Or been unable to meet her eyes at all. However, the words of my Father echoed in my ears, ringing with a truth that I couldn't deny. The strong did what they wished and the weak could do nothing to stop them.

"Worms?" I questioned, frowning at the woman, who stopped struggling. "Hm. I thought this was Mannheim," I admitted, feeling a bit foolish. I attacked the wrong city. One that wasn't on the map. That was frustrating, but the frustration was washed away with the sight of my men carrying off valuables.

"You… what kind of monster are you? How could you make light of this? Do you feel nothing in your heart?!" She demanded of me, thrashing in the grip of the men as she lunged for me again.

"I imagine it must be easy to always decide when you're right," I refuted, gesturing for the men to rejoin the looting. The woman, to her credit, seized her chance. She had courage. She charged for me, but it was a clumsy thing. Sticking out a foot to trip her was easy enough, and she fell to the floor. "From the stories I've heard, the people we've killed here pale to the numbers you Franks slaughtered when you conquered Saxony."

"The heathens needed to see the light of God! It was a noble quest for the salvation of their souls!" She protested, getting up until I pressed the edge of my axe into her throat. She reached up and grasped it and in doing so, she revealed her hands. Calloused. Not what you expect from a nun that only had to… I don't know. Sit around all day. Whatever nuns did, I suppose.

"As I said -- how very convenient that when you slaughter men, women, and children, it's for a noble cause. But when we do it, it's because we're monsters," I refuted and, despite herself, I could see the words struck a mark. "Your hands. You're an archer," I remarked, gesturing to the callouses. On one hand, the pads of her fingers were calloused, but on the other, only the tips of two fingers were.

"I am a nun," She argued, seemingly more unhappy with me now that I found that out judging by how she closed her hands.

"Do you know this land well?" I questioned, and she curled her lips, knowing what I wanted. I wanted a guide so I didn't end up attacking the wrong city. Again. That was… really embarrassing, now that I think about it. I should have asked around or something. Hopefully, none of my men would figure it out and everyone would just think that we sacked Mannheim.

"Never. I'd sooner lead you to the gates of Hell!" She declared, shouting the words out with no fear. To prove her point, she pushed up against the edge of my axe, uncaring of the small cut that dripped a drop of crimson blood down her pale neck.

I smiled at that. Brave indeed. "I imagine you'll have to get in line," I told her, removing the blade from her neck. She was courageous. She didn't balk at the prospect of death. It felt like a shame to kill her here and now, defenseless. I didn't know her name or her circumstances, but in her chest beat the heart of a warrior. She deserved a warrior's death.

"I'm going to kill you," she declared, her lip trembling ever so slightly.

"Good luck."

...

Let me know what you think of this chapter because looking back on it, I'm not entirely certain how I feel about it.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 1,017 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 11, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Hunt
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 18, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,836
I let out a breath and I saw a cloud of fog. The first real sign that the weather was turning. There had been a chill in the air for the last few weeks, but it receded as the sun rose. However, in the early morning, with a rooster crowing to announce the start of the day, the chill persisted. My gaze drifted up above to the cloudy sky, seeing nothing but a curtain of grayish white. I asked Hallstein if it was going to rain today and he said that it wasn't. His knee wasn't acting up.

An old injury from when he was a younger man. How he told the tale, he fought a dozen men at once before one of them broke his leg. An injury that should have crippled him based on the scar, or at least left him with a bad limp, but he stood tall beside me all the same.

Looking away from the sky itself, I turned my gaze down to a camp. Two hundred and fifty men, so not an inconsiderable force. They were camped on a slope of a hill, on the very edge of a forest. A good few dozen tents, and sentries already moving about along their paths. An hour's walk from a populated town that I'm sure I would be able to see from the crest of the hill.

"They're trying to be clever," I voiced to Thorkell, titling my head at the camp.

"Been the turning of a season. About time for them to start acting clever," Thorkell returned with a grunt. I hadn't really felt it, but summer had turned into fall. The last harvests of the year were being collected, and grain was being stored for the people that dwelled in cities and towns. All of which were overfull because of the refugees that had drifted towards them. Survivors of villages that were raided, or people that were trying to flee the fighting to no such luck. "But, they aren't the group that's been hunting us."

I nodded, "They're trying to box us in." I agreed. Fall was starting to turn into winter. Not quite there yet, but it would be soon. It was more than long enough for King Charlemagne to form a response to our raiding throughout his kingdom. That response was that instead of concentrating his forces in one place, he had spread them out to patrol the borders of his kingdom. Between the cities and towns and villages. Each group big enough that smaller raiding parties would avoid them while a dedicated force was sent to hunt us down.

They didn't have much luck in that regard. We moved fast, and that dedicated force was large enough that we could move twice as fast as them in half the time. However, it was large enough that we had no hope of defeating them in open battle. A battle that they were trying to force us into by posting soldiers in and around cities.

"Nearly winter. Can't keep the pace up for much longer. It's a question what we're supposed to be doing as well. Raiding in the dead of winter isn't for the faint-hearted. Lose more to exposure than the enemy, we would," Hallstein remarked. That was true. Very true.

"Let's focus," I voiced. King Widukind gave some instructions before we departed. Not long after we did, Frankfurt was put under siege. A light one, all things considered, but enough to be daunting to attack alone. The plan was to link up with the Saxon army when it materialized. So far, it hadn't. But I was out of the loop and always outrunning news. For all I knew, the siege had been lifted. Either way, I think we would be returning to Saxony and wintering there. In comfort. "Thorkell?"

"On it," Thorkell responded, taking a bow that a warrior offered before sticking an arrow in a small flame that we had concealed. Lighting it, he nocked the arrow before tilting the bow up and releasing it into the air. Directly into the early morning sun glare. The Franks missed it, the sentries tired from being up all night, yet not clear to be relieved. Because of it, they were unaware of the signal for two hundred and fifty men to close in.

I moved with them, my hands going to my axes and ready for battle. The tall wheat between us obscured our approach as three separate groups all moved in. As we moved, Hallstein flanked out, getting in position with the archers. The wheat shifted like a curtain until I could peer through it. Almost on cue, I saw arrows leap from the wheat, striking two sentries. One to the throat, another dead in the eye.

The alarm did go out. It was just too late to do anything with it because we were already inside of the camp. My awareness of the battle was beyond just what my eyes were seeing. I couldn't see the third group. Or the archers that were in position. I did see the group that Thorkell led as they came in from the side as we clashed against the Franks. Many were without armor, scrambling for their weapons. Others fled, only to run into one group or be felled by the archers that we had placed in strategic positions.

The sounds of combat were quick to be silenced, replaced with the cries of the dying and injured. "We need some of them," I voiced, stopping a warrior from beheading a Frank with a Dane axe. "Loot what you can -- food, weapons, and anything warm." I added, earning a thump on the chest from a few warriors before they started looting the tents while others began to grab the horses that they had for messengers.

"Are we taking the town, Wolf-Kissed?" I heard a warrior speak as I passed by, overlooking the short battle. A lot of dead Franks, I saw, as the dying were put to death. I did see the bodies of a few of my men. Others were sporting injuries.

"No," I answered without giving it much thought. The town in question was Djon. A decently sized town. A great deal of wealth there, but our baggage train was already a liability. We had gotten fat and slow. And I overlooked the hill to get a view of the city itself, I felt a net closing in around me. There was no evidence of it now, but less than a full day's march away were our hunters. A thousand and five hundred strong. All on foot now. I personally put down over five hundred horses that they initially had, and we took great lengths to ensure that they didn't get any more.

It was a good trap, I thought. I would attack the city -- lightning quick as I proved I was capable of. No siege of any kind. Just a bit of cleverness. The force we just killed would move into to confront us, either pinning us down or forcing us in the direction they wanted us to go in. Boxing us in until the only option was two things -- abandon our spoils or fight for them. Our spoils weren't just gold, silver, and jewels but food, water, and warm clothing. Everything I thought we might need wherever we wintered.

Only I just cut a hole in that net and I intended to slip through it.

"Three dead. Five wounded," Thorkell informed me as I tore my eyes away from another prize. Raiding Elephant would be possible. And profitable, but I'd rather gain another day of distance between us. Eventually, snow would slow us both down and being two days away from us might as well be across the kingdom. "A good battle for us. Fifteen thralls should do the trick."

We needed the extra hands to pull the supplies. Information was useful as well.

"They've been closing in," I voiced now that Thorkell was alone with me. "That wouldn't happen if there were many other distractions to divide their attention." I ended up taking in about five of the raiding groups, but our numbers didn't grow a great deal. Mostly, we made up for our losses. However, everywhere we went in the past few weeks told me one of two things -- either King Charlemagne had raised a great many men, or he could divert a great deal of men to focus solely on me.

"Makes sense. I imagine he hoped to get us by now, but he certainly doesn't want us to winter inside his borders. Even if there are any others out there, my bet is he's focusing exclusively on us," Thorkell offered his counsel. I was of a similar mind. With King Widukind tied up in Frankfurt? I was possibly the only one still actively fighting in the war.

Two hundred and fifty men was a considerable fighting force. I had proved that much over the past season.

Tactics rapidly went up -- though less so now. Just like Prowess. But, I gained two gifts from the gods in tactics and Tyr's wisdom was incredible.

Organized March
Logistics is the backbone of war, and organization is the language of logistics. Increased movement speed when marching.​

Sharpshooters
Less can be more. Instead of focusing on volley tactics, sharpshooters can pick off the enemy.​

Warning: Perk is only activated when archers are less than 5% of active fighting force.​

Maximum allowed archers with current force: 12​

Organized March made us faster than we should be. Simple enough. Like Blistering Speed, our marching never encountered difficulties. No broken wheels on the wagons, no soft ground, and the mud was never so thick that it hindered us. A fact that we used more than once to keep ahead of Charlemagne's hunters.

Sharpshooters was an interesting gift because it was the only one I encountered so far that had stipulations. I didn't know what a 'percent' was so it gave me a number that I could understand -- I could only have twelve archers with a fighting force of two hundred and fifty men. Very few, admittedly. But it seemed worth it if it meant that the arrows actually did something. And thus far, it worked out rather well.

"We need to head back to Saxony," I decided. "The weather hasn't turned on us yet, but better to start heading back now before the snow gets us."

"King Widukind won't be happy," Thorkell remarked. To that, I shrugged.

"We can't win his war for him if we're dead," I returned, earning an agreeing grunt from Thorkell.

"Let's move."

…

Our speed was only slowed by the baggage train. Wagons upon wagons that were stuffed full of goods. We made a mistake during our raiding, a fact I realized only in hindsight. We had looted too much at Worms. The church had been stuffed to the absolute brim with gold and silver and it alone would have been more than a haul, but we took more in terms of supplies. If we looted the dozen towns and two cities like we had Worms? We wouldn't be able to move an inch.

The only reason we weren't was because of the horses. I had a near herd of them now. Workhorses to war horses. My men were all seated on one. The wagons were all being pulled by about four that were all tied together to help the animals keep pace. The thralls pushed the wagons or they carried items that we couldn't afford to stack on a wagon.

A gift from the gods was the only reason why we hadn't started dumping loot.

Effective Packer
Items and goods just seem to snap together, making packing very efficient.​

A stewardship perk. One that I never could have guessed the value of before I ran into the issue of just not having enough room or enough wagons. Now, all the wagons were heavy with loot, and the thralls carried what we couldn't fit in the wagons, or because we lacked the wagons or horses to pull them.

And yet…

"Too slow," I muttered, seeing the smoke drift up over the trees as we made our way back toward Saxony. A week had passed as we trekked back through the area we had raided in. A number of burnt-out villages littered the way back. Crops were left in the field to rot because the people to sow them had been killed or driven off. Frost had been on the ground, but it had melted in the early morning. Towards dusk, however, the chill had returned. Enough so that our hunters had decided to light campfires to keep warm.

We had slipped the net, but they were still closing in.

As if to confirm it, I saw one of our scouts returning from the road ahead. Based on his expression, I saw that he didn't have good news. He made his way through the camp for the night, past the sounds of laughter and mirth. My mercenary band was in high spirits and they had been for some time. Few things raised men's spirits more than victory and loot. "Wolf-Kissed, they have two bands on the road. I got a quick count, but their number doubles ours. Seemed like they're setting up for an ambush."

Meaning that there were two thousand Franks that were closing in on us. Not a number that we could deal with and who knew what lay beyond this net? Or did we stumble across something of a success in our attempts to sow discord among the Franks?

Our prisoners conveyed that some lords had raised up in rebellion against King Charlemagne. Some of them were familiar names. However, from what I heard, that rebellion wasn't the fracture that King Widukind had envisioned. Only one Duke had openly declared a rebellion. The rest seemed to be quietly ignoring the King's words or withholding supplies. Challenging his authority rather than fighting against it. Still useful, but not what we wanted.

We couldn't take the risk, so we had to assume that both bands belonged to King Charlemagne.

"We'll go around them," I decided. We couldn't challenge them. Ambushing an ambush was doable, but it would take time to set up that ambush. To prepare for it. Time that we didn't have.

"They'll discover us," my scout informed me, making me glance over my shoulder. He was one of my archers. He was a few years older than me -- dark hair, green eyes. Handsome face that had a thin patchy beard, but his expression was serious. Authun Osvifsson. "One way is to skirt around a bare hill. The other is through the forest."

I nodded, seeing what he meant. "Out in the open or they'll find us because of the noise," I ventured, earning a nod from Authun. Taking the baggage train through the forest would slow us down, but my perks wouldn't work out in the open. I had gained two in Plotting in the past season.

Subtle Touch
The best agents are those that no one knows are there. Decreased Agent detection chance by 10%.​

Actionable Intel
With the right eye, spotting any trail is possible. Agent Plot Discovery chance increased by 10%.​

My scouts were considered Agents. Effective ones, I've found. Because of them, we hadn't encountered an ambush before it was too late and they themselves hadn't been discovered. All of them were good at what they did, and Subtle Touch simply aided them in doing it. However, those perks only applied to my 'Agents', not my army.

I made a decision. "We're breaking up camp," I told him to spread the message. Walking away from the small hill I stood on, I headed down to the camp while the merriment was still ongoing. Francia was hilly and there were a great many trees, so the forest we were in covered our position rather well. My mind was racing, drifting back to a conversation that I had with Thorkell at the very start of the expedition.

Men were reluctant to leave behind what glittered and shined, even as a wolf was snapping at their heels. I was reluctant. The wealth that we had gathered was enough to buy a kingdom it felt like. But, we wouldn't be able to keep it at this rate. Meaning that we had to take action.

I gave a few orders as the merriment came to an end, much to the displeasure of my men. However, they loaded everything up with practiced ease, knowing that we were going to march through the night to avoid a battle. Not something anyone wanted in the cold and after a long day of riding. While they did that, I made my preparations. The thralls that were gathered over the season were all fetched. As was the wealth.

And we did the only thing that we could do.

"Sure about this?" Thorkell asked me as we watched the thralls dig a hole. A large one. Our men were already heading around the ambush through the woods. They should get around with little difficulty now that they were several wagons lighter without anyone left on foot. To make sure that they would get away, I had something in the works. Something that I hoped would give us the breathing room that we needed to get back to Saxony.

"We're not moving fast enough and we need to shed some weight," I voiced, scratching at my cheek to find that I had a few hairs on it. It wasn't even enough to be called a beard yet. But I hoped that it would soon grow into one. A red one, like my father's. It was one of the hints that I was becoming a man in body at long last. "And I trust you."

Thorkell chuckled because he would be the only one who knew about the treasure. The rest of my men would only know that we left it in the area. As for the thralls…

"I meant this. You have a habit of mercy," Thorkell remarked, earning a small shrug from me. I understood what he was saying. It was common enough talk amongst the men at this point.

"I'm merciful when I can be. I can't be with this," I returned, knowing exactly what he meant. The thralls stopped digging before they started carrying down chests. A great many of them. We weren't leaving all the wealth behind -- I still needed some to pay my men -- but we were leaving the bulk of it. The total came out to three hundred pounds of gold, twelve hundred pounds of silver, and fifty pounds of precious gems. All that was being buried.

Thorkell grunted in acknowledgment, "Fair enough." We watched the thralls work in silence after that, all the other preparations already made. The chests of wealth were stacked on top of one another and in packed together rows. Each was wrapped in linen and pelts to stop the iron from rusting because I had no idea when I could come back to get the horde. The thralls were exhausted after digging the hole, but filling it up proved to be just as tiring for them.

So, I gave them rest.

They didn't seem surprised when I got off my horse with my axes. They sensed it coming from the beginning. They did their best to fight with shovels, but they stood no chance against me and they knew it. Their bodies soaked into the dirt before they too were buried under it while Thorkell spread out the excess dirt and sprinkled the dead leaves over the ground that we gathered clearing the area.

I had picked out a rock to mark the space that I set down on top of the hoard and I took a look at my map of Francia. It was marked on the map with a small x.

With that, I started to cover our tracks. The wagons that we brought were all loaded up with tinder -- leaves, wood, and so on. Oils had been spilled on and around the wagons to make sure that the fire spread. Taking out a piece of flint and striking it with my axe, the first of the wagons caught fire, suddenly illuminating the pitch-black forest and making the shadows dance. The fire quickly spread to the trees, sending up smoke and sparks that would carry the fire all on its own.

Getting on my horse that was easily baying at the fire, I rubbed his neck to see that the fire was spreading nicely. There was plenty of foliage to set alight There hadn't been any rain for a week, so things were dry as well. Perfect conditions for a burn.

I watched it for a moment, the smell of smoke and the sounds of crackling fire dominating my senses. The fire spread to the rock that I had placed, burning the leaves, so even if anyone passed by here? It would be no different than any other patch of burned earth.

Without a word, I turned away from the fire and started to gallop away with Thorkell right behind me.

…

The fire ended up getting out of control as far as I could tell. Smoke drifted up to the sky in thick columns, and there had been a day when the world seemed to be entirely red. An omen, many of the men thought, but it seemed to be a good one for us. The entire forest seemed to be burning, protecting us from the ambush and the hunters because in the week we marched back to the borders of Saxony, we saw no hint of them. They were left dealing with the fire that we caused.

Still, I didn't let up. It took another two weeks of marching to get back to the Rhine River. Crossing it turned out to be far more difficult than it had been the last time because of the wagons and horses. A rope bridge had to be constructed to get us over it, and that had slowed things up pretty badly. Still, as we destroyed the rope bridge behind us to make sure that we couldn't be followed over it, there were no signs of our hunters.

But, I also wasn't sure how much that was actually worth. There were a number of burnt out villages on the Saxon side of the Rhine. Some villages I recalled us sailing past. There was always going to be some level of give and take when it came to raiding, but it could very well mean that the Franks had an army outside of the one that was besieging Frankfurt. The crux of the issue was the lack of information -- I didn't know what was going on overall. I had just been raiding and doing what damage that I could.

It wasn't until another day had passed that we finally found a village that had been spared of the raiding. Naturally enough, people immediately went indoors to prepare for the worst when someone warned them that we were coming. When I left the bulk of our men outside the village and continued inside with only Thorkell and Hallstein, only then did someone venture out.

"You aren't Franks!" I heard a man shout, the door to a house creaking open and it was shut almost the instant that he stepped through it. His family, I suppose. He was a graybeard, I noticed. His beard was either gray or white, his hair long since receded and was the same colors. A face full of wrinkles while he stood with a slight hunch from a lifetime of farming.

"I'm Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. We just got back from Francia. We came here in the hopes of getting news. We have food to repay you," I voiced, making the graybeard look from Thorkell to me with an expression of surprise and doubt on his face. His eyes flickered between Thorkell and Hallstein before eventually settling on me. To prove my words, I reached for a bag that had been hung over the side of my horse and tossed the man a loaf of bread.

He caught it with fumbling fingers, hunger showing in his eyes as he clenched it close to his chest. Licking his lips, he looked at me with far more respect. "O-of course! What can I tell you?" He questioned, sounding like if he had a single secret in this world, he would reveal it for another loaf of bread. Shameful. Age was a hard thing to determine with just a glance, but he seemed to have long since reached the age to commit Ättestupa.

It was one thing to continue to live when your family and grandchildren had plenty. To continue to do so in times of hardship was cowardly.

"What's happened to Saxony since the fall began? Is the Frankish army here?" I questioned and the gray beard shook his head slowly.

"No. I don't think so, my lord. Just some bands of them that have been raiding around for supplies for that army that's around King Widukind, or so I hear. We thought you were one of them," he admitted, meaning that the bands of Franks had been in sizable numbers. "But they'll be shown right out soon enough! Some lads came here not that long ago, lookin' for fighting folk. Wanted us to go to Sigiburg to join up with an army." That was the news I was looking for.

An army was gathering at Sigiburg? Odd timing, I thought. Winter was almost on us. The chill in the air was getting more consistent and the morning frost lingered a little longer each day. The only use for the army, this late in the year, was to relieve the siege of Frankfurt.

"How many of your men went?" I questioned, thinking the information over. "How many did they say they had?"

"Well, they said that they had an army of thousands and thousands, my lord, but… that's young folk talk. To me, it sounded like they knew no one would go if they said hundreds. Not against the Frank army, and 'specially not with winter around the corner." The graybeard continued, not answering how many fighting men this village had sent.

I had more questions, but I didn't expect answers to them. Not from him. I would find them at Sigiburg. Beyond getting a general direction to the fortress that I took what felt like a lifetime ago, he had nothing to offer. Still, fulfilling my word, I gave the village a helping of grain that we had taken from the Franks before continuing on our way.

As it would turn out, we wouldn't need the directions because as we left the village, there were a lot of signs of people moving in the same direction that we were. Grass had been trodden down until it became dirt from a great many feet, telling me that the Saxon army wasn't inconsiderable. All the same, it was another day before we caught sight of the fortress and the army around it. We heard it first. And smelled it.

The general clamor of a great many people. Sounds of revelry as people celebrated Yule while they still had the chance. When we finally caught sight of the fortress, I almost thought that it was under siege. A large army was seated outside of the fortress because it wasn't large enough to house everyone. Thorkell let out a low whistle when he saw the army.

Fast Counter wasn't perfect for the job, but I knew what a thousand men looked like. This was double that. Two thousand men, give or take a few hundred. Possibly more inside of the fortress itself, which could hold about five hundred men. I underestimated the turnout as we approached, taking a broad path that would ensure that the fortress scouts would be able to see our approach.

Our own scouts seemed to have passed the message of who we were on because we were greeted warmly as we passed through the camps. Saxons cheered as we approached, but that just could be because they were in a good mood. Or they were happy to have more fighting bodies. Almost everyone that I saw looked like a Saxon to me, and the speaking of Germanic was a dead giveaway.

However, as we were led up to the gates of Sigiburg, I noticed that there were more Norsemen. How we approached had hidden them, but there were a lot of them. If I had to guess, I'd say up to half of the Saxon army was actually Norse. Some of those could have been the men that were left behind to man the fortresses. They had been Norse exclusively since the Saxons were drumming up support for the rebellion.

A knot of tension formed between my shoulder blades as I approached the entrance of Sigiburg, seeing that it was filled with Saxons. "Wolf-Kissed!" Someone greeted me as I got off my horse. A man with dirty blonde hair and a long beard with a long scar that started at his hairline and traveled the length of his face, taking out one of his eyes. "We've been trying to find you for weeks!" He announced with a laugh, approaching me and clasping my forearm warmly.

"We must have outrun the messengers," I returned, the tensions not leaving despite the warm reception. That was a lot of Norsemen. Enough so that the idea that they were just all mercenaries was hard to swallow. Especially considering that the war for Denmark should still be going.

"Franks must be a slow lot! Words traveled about your band taking cities and slaying armies. We were getting worried you'd win the war before we got to spill any Christian blood!" The Saxon said, throwing back his head and laughing loudly.

I gave a wan smile, "All the same, I've arrived. Two hundred and fifty strong. I take it you are the commander of this army?" I questioned him and I saw it. The hesitation in his eye and the expression that flickered over it.

"Aye, one of them," he confirmed. One of them. "King Widuking managed to get a message to us. He wants us to gather up here and march on Frankfurt. Break the siege and send the Franks running. We'll winter in Frankfurt and come spring, we'll march on the Franks," he said, sounding excited for it, and the plan was more or less what I thought it would be. A sound plan as far as I could tell.

"When do we march?" I questioned.

"Now-"

"You're smaller than I expected, Wolf-Kissed," I heard another voice loudly proclaim, near shouting. My gaze instantly darted to the man that spoke, seeing him walk down the stairs I had slaughtered my way down. A Norseman. Tall. Broad shoulders. Fine clothing, nice boots, and a sword at his hip that one hand rested on. He looked down at me as he approached, the slight smile playing at the edges of his lips not quite matching the look in his eyes. "From the tales, I expected a man fully grown. Taller than a house, eats a horse for lunch, and slaughters armies alone."

My heart started to pound in my chest, blood surging in my veins as I looked at the man. I didn't know him. I've never met him once in my life, but there wasn't a shadow of doubt in my mind that I recognized him. Not because I saw him before… but because of a family resemblance. Dark hair and dark blue eyes. He favored his father because I knew exactly whose son he was with the quickest glance.

"One of those things is certainly true," I returned, trying to control the snarl in my voice, gripping an axe at my belt hard enough that I delivered a fatal crack to the wooden shaft.

Horrik had more daughters than sons, but Thorfinn hadn't been Horrik's only son. He had five sons. I knew their names even if I never met them before. As far as I knew, all of them had their own families and land, or they roamed the seas as mercenaries. Thorfinn was the oldest and the heir. The next oldest, I believed…

The son of my sworn enemy came to a stop directly in front of me, towering as he looked down with a sneer in his eyes. "Ha," he returned, his voice devoid of humor.

Hate shone in my eyes, my lips peeling back into a snarl. "Which son are you?" I asked him, wanting to know which son of Horrik's I was about to blood eagle.

To that, he smiled.

"Grimar Horrikson."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 1,002 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 18, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Berserker
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 1, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,878
Grimar was the second eldest of Horrik's five sons, born to him across three wives and other concubines. Growing up, I heard of them from my father and brothers, who did meet them. That they were likable. Good men. Strong fighters and so on. However, only Thorfinn had remained in Alabu for any length of time. Horrik sent his children out to be fostered elsewhere. With who, I didn't know, but in hindsight, what he was doing was rather obvious. His daughters were all married for alliances, and his sons were fostered with allies.

Horrik had been preparing to seize the throne of Denmark for many years. Which made Grimar's presence here so odd. Shouldn't he be leading his army against King Godfrey? A thousand men was more than enough to turn the tide of the battle for the crown. Yet, he was here. My mind raced with possibilities as we stood across from one another, Grimar flanked by three men. His housecarls and Hird, I assume.

Was the war already over? Was Horrik king? Was Grimar uninterested in aiding his father? Or was King Charlemagne such a great threat that Horrik sent his son and a thousand men to combat him while still being at war? I didn't know. I felt completely out of the loop because I had been outrunning news for months now.

The Saxon command looked between us uncertainly, but not without surprise. I imagine that he was told to expect this response. "I have heard of the blood feud between your families-"

"His father carved out the eye of my eldest brother," Grimar interjected, his voice cold. To that, I smiled at him. "His family are outlaws. Skalgamors. I would be in my right to have you killed here and now."

"Feel free to try to take that right, you goat-fucking lack-wit," I returned, making his housecarls stiffen at the blatant insult. "Your brother murdered mine. An eye is the very least I will take from him." I expected more of a reaction from Grimar. More anger. The insult was one worthy of a Holmgang, especially between enemies. So, I continued, hoping to provoke a challenge. "Your family is full of dickless cowards. You wear armor and a sword, but you'd be better off wearing skirts hiked up to your knees and bending over for any real man that passed you by."

The Saxon commander looked like he would rather be anywhere else rather than where he stood while Grimar's hird were turning a furious red. I wasn't speaking about their families, but they were taking offense on Grimar's behalf. Yet, Grimar himself watched me coldly, his lips thinning at the insults any real man would draw steel over. He was retraining himself.

I hated him for it. "Well? What say you? Or is that mouth of yours only good for sucking men?" I challenged him, my hate leaking into my tone while my axe shaft splintered to pieces at my belt. The head fell to the ground and I ripped the shaft out of my belt, challenging him with my eyes.

"I say that you're a child that thinks he knows what it is to be a man. A shame that your dog father died before he had a chance to teach you manners," Grimar returned, his voice deadly as a winter chill. Whereas my blood felt like it was boiling in my veins, it seemed that his had frozen solid. "I expected so much better from the tales. You challenge me when I outnumber you so greatly?"

He did outnumber me. Up to five to one.

"Have all thousand of them stand before you, then. I don't need my army to strike you down, you gutless coward. I'll kill every single one of you. The only thing that will change is how many times I have to swing," I shot back. I wanted to kill him. I wanted him to die screaming. Grimar's eyes narrowed at that, but it was his Hird that reacted more. A man with light brown hair and a long beard threw his head back and laughed loudly.

"A whelp of a dog barks the loudest. Just like your brother, Wolf-Kissed. He thought himself a man when he fought beside your father, but the moment he felt the kiss of steel, he wept in fear. He cowered and begged to live, shitting himself all the while. The gods must have laughed at such a coward. I know I sure did," he snarled back at me. Good. That was good.

"That insult is worth a Holmgang," I snapped at him.

"Aye, it is, whelp," the man returned.

"Here. Now. No shields," I told him and, despite the anger in his face, I saw something resembling doubt enter his eyes. He thought that I was all bark. How eager I was made him doubt. He looked to Grimar, who offered a curt nod in response.

The man I challenged offered a curt nod as well. "Agreed. Draw the square that you'll die in," he spat at me. I gestured to Thorkell to draw the square and he took his axe and started dragging it across the ground. He didn't make a large one. It was hardly five paces to the side and forward. However, the action alone was enough to draw the attention of men that had been watching the insults and they were gathering to see the fight.

I took out my remaining axe and tossed it onto the ground as he took out his own axe. "To the death. No yielding," I told him as I looked at Grimar, whose expression seemed to be made of stone.

"Agreed, whelp. I am Magni-," Magni began, but I cut him off with a scoff.

"I don't care," I told him bluntly. "What reason do I have to learn the name of a corpse?" I added, clenching my hands into fists. He would get no respect from me. He was a member of a Hird belonging to my enemy's son. While I had no quarrel with him, I wanted him dead. Him being an ally was more than enough for me to declare him my enemy. Rage flowed through my veins as it was decided that the Saxon Commander would take the role of judge.

He looked between us -- down at myself, who was a head and shoulders shorter than the bear of a man. He had his doubts. He would soon lose them. "Begin," The Saxon decided and Magni immediately lashed out with his axe in a downward swing, directly at the nape of my neck with a snarl on his face.

I caught the haft of the axe, stopping it cold in its tracks and I gave Magni just enough time to understand that fact. With a harsh yank, I tore the axe out of his grip, making him cry out as the flesh was torn from his hands. With a Power Attack, I slammed my heel onto his knee and bent it backward with a harsh tear sound. Magni immediately dropped to the ground, sputtering as he tried to swallow his shouts of agony and the crowd around us were both horrified and cheering in equal measures.

The chants of my name or Wolf-Kissed fell on deaf ears, no more than a distant echo to the thundering of my heartbeat. My head started to feel light once again, a feeling that I only felt once before when I came across the raiders at my family's farm. Only this time, it didn't feel like my spirit had left my body. Instead, as I grabbed Magni by the head, my fingers clawing at his skull and forcing him to look at me, it instead felt like I had been possessed by a foul spirit.

"Say it again!" I roared at Magni, my skin flushed red as I started to squeeze his head between my palms. "Say it again!" I screamed, slamming his head into the dirt, sending up a small splash of mud. "SAY IT!"

I hated him. Completely. Utterly. And I hated him only because he was connected to Horrik's bloodline. Magni managed to let out a pained cry that was silenced by my enraged wordless roar in his face, hate ripping itself from my throat as I squeezed down on his head. The bone near his eyes cracked first, and when they did, the rest of the skull followed not a second later. Blood and brain splashed on my face, my hands clapping together as blood flowed between my fingers.

It wasn't enough. It wouldn't ever be enough. What I felt for this man was but a mere fraction of the hate I carried for Horrik and Thorfinn. I almost feared the day that I exacted my vengeance upon them because I knew, no matter how clever I might be, I could not devise a torment that they so richly deserved.

My chest heaved as I stood up, my gaze going to Grimar, who seemed disquieted by the loss of his man. "Call your men! I'll duel them all! I'll slaughter every single one of them to get to you, Grimar!" I roared at the top of my lungs, my rage echoing throughout the fortress, heard by every man. Grimar bristled at that, his eyes narrowing into slits, but he wasn't so eager to challenge me. Even to avenge his man. "Face me! FACE ME, YOU COWARD!"

Grimar licked his lips, still calm as I began to pace back and forth, feeling like an animal trapped in a cage as I walked the length of the square. Magni's blood soaked the mud and darkened it while his body twitched in death. "I came here to fulfill a bargain made between my father and King Widukind. A promise of aid against the Franks and their corpse god. Perhaps our aid is undeeded?" He questioned and I saw the Saxon commander stiffen at that. Alarmed.

I was about to agree. The war meant nothing to me in this moment. I couldn't care less if King Charlemagne came here and killed everyone with his own two hands. All I cared about was Grimar. Getting my hands on him and making him scream. However, I felt a hand on my shoulder. Before I could smack it away, Thorkell leaned down.

"You've shamed him in front of his army. We should use his men to break the siege. You can always kill him after, Siegfried," Thorkell advised and I hated the advice. I hated him for giving it because it made sense. This shame was not something that Grimar would easily be able to swallow, and word would spread. Just as word would spread of my deeds throughout his army.

Ripping my shoulder out of his grasp, I continued pacing. "You sniveling coward. Are you so attached to your life that you would bargain with the Christians? Fine. It is no matter to me. You are a corpse, Grimar. A corpse with a heartbeat only because I haven't killed you yet. You will not live to see the end of this war." I spat at him before spitting on his boots. Perhaps it wasn't wise to admit all of that, but there was no point in keeping it a secret.

We were both going to try to kill one another. That was fact. Nothing could change that. It was only a question of who would make the first and final attempt.

"I'm glad to have the approval of a yapping dog," Grimar returned, trying to salvage what was left of his reputation before turning away.

The Saxon commander looked worried, "Wolf-Kissed, if I have to choose between the two of you, I would pick you. But we need the men that he brought. We don't have the numbers to break the siege otherwise."

I scoffed, my blood starting to cool. Now, questions started to breach through the red haze that had descended upon my mind. What was Grimar doing here? He said his father was fulfilling a promise. Could Horrik really spare a thousand men so easily? "What is he doing here?" I questioned, my voice gruff as Thorkell passed me a rag to wipe down my face and hands. "Is the war in Denmark over?"

"Not to my knowledge, Wolf-Kissed. It was still going last I heard a few weeks ago, just that both sides were going to wait for spring before committing to battle. Then a week ago, King Widukind sent a raven with a message to expect an army to come to the fortress. Any time anyone asks, we all get the same response -- Grimar's here to fulfill his father's end of the bargain."

To that, I grunted, very unhappy with the news. To my knowledge, there hadn't been a bargain between Horrik and King Widukind initially. But I think I could guess what that bargain was -- in exchange for breaking the siege at Frankfurt, King Widukind would either do something… or not do something. Possibly, in the initial days of spring, he could lead his Saxon army up north to help Horrik become king. Or, possibly, it was in exchange for not aiding King Godfrey in any capacity from joining his army to offering refuge. It had to be something big for Horrik to commit his armies so late in the year while already at war.

"King Widukind plays a dangerous game," I decided, muttering under my breath, feeling the foul spirit leave me. And in its absence, I felt strangely exhausted even if the battle had been an easy one.

The Saxon commander nodded, "Aye, allying with a snake like Horrik…" the Saxon agreed, but it sounded like he was saying that because he knew he was my enemy.

That wasn't at all what I meant.

King Widukind was playing a very dangerous game with me.

…

Our men were kept separate from the Norse army, but it was only for a night before we set out early in the morning to make our way to Frankfurt. As we marched, my men were bringing me bits and pieces of news about what was going on in Denmark. The news was that there wasn't a whole lot of actual news. There hadn't been a single pitched battle as of yet, but there was a great deal of raiding each other's territories.

King Godfrey's realm had suffered a tremendous blow when near a third of his jarls decided to declare independence from both him and Horrik. Some had consolidated underneath a man named Ulfljot Geirolfsson, but most chose to become independent Jarls like Horrik. Horrik, on the other hand, seemed to be consolidating heavily in preparation for the battles to come next spring. Most people seemed to put the odds in Horrik's favor of becoming King of Denmark, but with the exodus of Jarls, that title carried less weight than it once did.

They also brought me news about myself. Horrik had spread lies about me and my family. That my father had been acting as a spy for King Sigfred for many years. That my father had never been a friend to Horrik or his family. That he had planned to betray Horrik to King Sigfred in exchange for becoming the Jarl of Alabu. Thorfinn was honored for fighting a shadow war against my family, but when my father lost his temper, the ploy was revealed.

The lies churned in my stomach and my fingers twitched to tear Grimar limb from limb as penance for the lies spread about my father. He had been a friend to Horrik for many years and his reward for it was treachery and murder.

There was also a lack of news. Horrik had no member of my family and the search for them had ended some weeks ago. To that end, no one seemed to know where my family was, and I chose to believe that was a good sign. They were laying low and in hiding. They weren't branded and so long as they traveled far enough that no one was looking for them, then I had no reason to worry that they would be found.

Rumors about me were also circulating. The stories existed well in advance from tales of the battles I fought with Horrik, but some of them were starting to take a life of their own. One even claimed that I had slain a dragon. I wished that I had, but in my travels, I had yet to see such a majestic beast. There were even some that were a suggestion that I was a descendant of Thor because of my hair and eyes. It was a laughable one, and most people treated it as such.

Still, the rumors swirled around. They were not kind to Grimar. Many were calling him a coward under their breath while boldly proclaiming that if I uttered such words to them, they would make me swallow them. It was too early to tell what would be the lasting damage to his reputation or mine, but it mattered little since he would be dying soon enough. Beyond that, the only thing of interest was the fact that there were many that wondered if I was recruiting -- not because of faith or desire to aid me, but because they heard I was a great raider.

All the same, we continued on to Frankfurt early in the morning. Sigiburg was left with only fifty men to maintain a presence in the fortress while everyone else marched with us. The same for Eresburg when we passed it along our way, giving us another two hundred men. In total, we marched with an army of three thousand strong according to the Saxon commander, whose name I learned was Gerwig. It took several days to reach Frankfurt because of the painfully slow march, the entire army hardly moving each day.

But, after days, our scouts gave word that we had arrived at Frankfurt. And that things had changed a great deal since the last time that I was here.

The Franks were besieging Frankfurt, so it was a familiar sight to me, but what was different from the Saxons were the fortifications. Trees had been cut down to make a protective ring going around the besiegers facing Frankfurt, protecting them from arrows and stones. However, facing outward was another set of fortifications. Earthworks around the city gave the Franks a small slope to fight on while the ditch was filled with stakes. According to the scouts, the same was true all around the city.

It seemed the general was well aware of the plan and had known it long in advance. Running them off became far more difficult. Especially at the gates, which more fortifications were built around. In the space between the walls were burnt-out ladders and wood plank walls to protect some people in prior assaults on the walls.

It was an unwelcome sight, but it wasn't as unwelcome as the news we received upon arrival.

"The Franks have reinforcements!" Authun, one of my scouts, announced. "They've crossed the Rhine. It's too late to cut them off."

"We could do battle with the reinforcements before they link up. How many do they number?" Gerwig voiced an idea, looking between me and Grimar. No words had been exchanged between us since the Holmgang. I knew he was looking to kill me as much as I was looking to kill him. And there were few places better than in battle. It was just a question of how many men he was willing to let die to fail to kill me.

"Two thousand," Authun answered, catching my attention and my eye. He offered a subtle nod to me, confirming my unspoken question. Two thousand matched up rather perfectly with the number of men that had been chasing us around Francia. It seemed our hunters had figured out our destination.

"Five thousand in total," Grimar voiced the number out loud with a note of distaste. "The Franks truly are limitless. I expected we would have killed every single one of them by now."

I scoffed. "We," I interjected, not looking at him. I said nothing else, but my point was made. He wasn't included in that we. He just got here. I had been killing all of those Franks. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw his jaw tighten. He wanted to lash out, but I gave him good reason not to. "Counting the men in the city, we number four thousand. Or we did when I left Frankfurt." I leaned forward in my saddle, trying to envision the battle in my mind.

The fortifications posed a greater danger than the incoming reinforcements. The slight difference in elevation would be devastating in effect and the stakes would greatly slow us down. The one advantage would be that the besieging force wouldn't be able to completely focus on us. Not when they were technically being flanked or hit by a sally out from the Saxons inside.

"What say you, Wolf-Kissed?" Gerwig questioned, looking at me. Grimar visibly scowled at that, clearly unhappy with the Saxon looking to me instead of him.

"Authun, how far out are they?" I questioned, looking at my scout. In response, he offered a small shrug.

"Not long. I'd imagine they'd be running here. A few hours, I'd say," Authun answered. Not very long indeed because it would take at least an hour to make out own preparations for so many men. Meaning that we would have up to an hour or two to route the besieging army. Not very likely, in my experience. Ambushes passed very quickly. More often than not, the battle was over by the time it began. A fortified position against an enemy that were just barely outnumbered? One that likely knew they had reinforcements on the way?

The battle wouldn't be a short one.

"I say we attack at the main gate and push the Franks back. With speed, we can take the fortifications and use them on their reinforcements, but we must move quickly," I decided. Because if we failed to move fast enough then we would be getting hit in the behind or sides from another two thousand men. A bad position. But, possibly, we could retreat into the city if things became dire.

"As you say, Wolf-Kissed. I'll give the orders to my men."

…

The sacrifices were made to Tyr, asking for his blessing before this battle that so much hinged on. I chose to sacrifice my horse, the one that I had rode for a season now. It was a worthy sacrifice and I thought that Tyr would smile kindly upon it. Beyond that, after a quick rest after a long day of marching, our battle line formed up and the Franks were responding in kind. They hid behind their fortifications. The Saxons could be seen on the walls, gathering in towers as they started taking shots at the Franks from above any chance they had.

The battle plan was simple. No cleverness to be found because it was too great of a risk. We focused all of our men at a single point, intent on breaking through. From there, if we got in fast enough, we could fight the Franks within these fortifications while using them against the reinforcements. However, because of the nature of the fortifications and the siege itself, the Franks wouldn't be able to concentrate their forces so easily.

My two hundred and fifty men stood on the left side of the Saxons, who was between us and the rest of the Norse warriors. Off in the distance, I heard a shout. "Shield wall!" It sounded like Grimar, the command echoing out and it was accompanied by the sound of shields overlapping. The Saxons did the same, bringing their shields up in preparation for the hail of arrows we would be walking into.

"Shield wall!" I echoed the command, my warriors to do the same. It had been some time since I participated in a battle like this. My men were far more used to ambushes at this point. "Thorkell, Hallsetin -- we use the Norse and Saxons as shields until my mark. Then we charge," I informed them, earning a nod from Thorkell and Hallsetin, my two foremost commanders. "Getting through the fortifications is going to hurt, but I imagine getting hit from behind will hurt more."

"Aye. I imagine so," Thorkell agreed a second before a horn blew in a long blast. The signal to charge. I stood at the front of the warriors and because of it, I saw how uneven the approach was as the Norse surged forward first, leaving the Saxons behind by a half beat. Lastly were my warriors, who trailed behind them both by two beats. The sounds of war cries echoed out through the air, matched only by the sounds of feet hitting the ground.

The Franks let loose a volley of arrows that rained down upon us as we charged, making men cry out as arrows slipped between the gaps in the shield wall or struck them in the legs. They fell, and if the arrows didn't kill them, then getting trampled by their fellows did. More arrows fell from the sky in a near constant volley as we crossed the field. At the same time, the Saxons began to fire down upon the Franks. I saw that the effect was minimal because the Franks had long since prepared for this battle, but I did see some enemy soldiers fall.

But, by far, more Saxons and Norsemen fell to the Franks. Most arrows thudded into the planks of shields, feathering them with up to a dozen arrows. I glanced over my shoulder at Thorkell and Hallstein. "Pick up the pace! I'll clear the way ahead," I told them, earning cheers from the men as I began to pick up the pace myself, pulling ahead of the Saxons… then the Norsemen.

My axes appeared in my hands as I sprinted forward, my legs pumping. A few arrows sailed towards me, but I easily sidestepped them without losing any of my speed. The pit filled with stakes was rapidly approaching, as were the line of Saxons all wielding spears to keep any that tried to climp forward at bay. Once I was in range, I choked up on my axes before I flung both of them directly into the Franks, catching two of them in the face just as I leaped up, jumping over the entire ditch.

My hands went for my seaxs at my belt, drawing them as my feet touched the other side of the ditch, I darted forward into the thick of the Franks that were completely unprepared for the sudden assault. The spears were worse than useless to fend me off -- they were a weakness. Franks closed in around me, lashing out with their weapons, but I was already too close. My seaxs lashed out, catching Frank warriors in weak points -- gaps between their armor, or places that weren't covered at all.

In no time at all, I found myself covered in blood that dripped down my blades, over my fingers, and down my wrists. Each movement sent droplets of it flying as I tried to carve a line through the Franks with the time that I had. Which wasn't much because my warriors soon reached the ditch and they were forced to shift around the spikes to avoid being impaled on them. Though, that didn't stop a few from falling to them, pushed forward by the men behind him. Or being feathered with arrows or struck down with spears.

In the end, the gap that I carved out was a small one, but it was enough for some of my men to get through the ditch with little difficulty. When they did, they stood on the fortifications, forcing the Franks to abandon their bows and spears in favor of picking up other weapons to face them. On the other side of the earthworks was a long and wide trench that was flanked by wood shields. In no time at all, the dirt began to turn into mud as we were forced to fight down the trench. I was aware of my surroundings, and I could see how my men were pushing the Franks back, but there was a point when the two densely packed bodies were just grinding against each other with nonexistent progress.

The Franks were getting the worse of it all the same as far as I could see, leading the charge to get as many of our men inside the trench as possible before it was too late. My men managed to get inside of the trench, but there were still many Norse and Saxons that failed to get inside so easily. The Franks were fighting hard, and in the trench, the bodies rapidly became an obstacle themselves.

I paid it no mind at all until I heard a loud blast of a horn off in the distance. My head jerked up at the sound, knowing that it wasn't one of ours. It couldn't have been a few hours already. The battle had hardly begun in earnest. Meaning if it hadn't come from us… then…

My attention was stolen from the battle as I crawled back up the earthwork to stand on top of it to see the source of the horn blowing. With some luck, the person that did made no secret that it was them.

Off in the distance, I saw the reinforcements that were streaming out of the woods, all of them on horseback. Leading the charge was the hornblower, and they cut an imposing figure. They didn't wear a scale hauberk, but instead wore an odd type of metal plate armor in places while a pure white cloak clasped with gold fluttered behind them. A helmet obscured their face, but I did see that braid of… blondish-red… pinkish hair escaped the end of the helm.

Pointed at our army was a long spear that was painted white and gold with the Christian cross painted onto it. My stomach clenched at the sight of hundreds, a thousand even, of cavalry raced forward directly toward the Norse and Saxon warriors. There was no warning that I could give as only a handful of warriors noticed the threat at all. And by the time they did, it was already far too late.

Father had warned me of the dangers of Frankish cavalry before… but when the Franks slammed into the back of our army…

I realized he had completely undersold how devastating that charge could be.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 958 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 1, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Traps
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 8, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,929
The charge was absolutely devastating. There was simply no other word that could hope to convey the effect that the cavalry charge had on the unprepared back of the army. Spears broke as they tore through men like an axe through cloth, shattering into splinters while the horses knocked men over and trampled them under a tide of hooves. Some horsemen weren't so lucky. The wall of people proved to be too thick in some places, either halting the charge or flipping a horse over and sending the rider flying.

The air became filled with the panicked screams of men and the death cries of horses as their bodies broke. Still, the Franks carved deep lines into the army, leaving devastation and death in their wake. At the very tip of the charge was the warrior in the odd looking plate armor and white cloak, his spear darting out swiftly, and with each thrust, he seemed to find the neck of a warrior, allowing his charge to maintain some momentum. However, even as his white mount became red from blood, I could see that the devastating charge quickly lost momentum.

The initial impact was deadly, but the deeper they went into the army, the more their horses got bogged down. Franks were pulled off of their horses, or the horses fell to blades. It was an incredible thing to witness. All of the damage came from the impact and I could see the ripple effects through the army as it tried to figure out what just hit them, but for as much damage as they had inflicted the cavalry had no staying power. While the charge was by far deadlier for our army, the Franks didn't emerge unscathed as the tip of the charge began to turn around to escape the Saxon lines.

"Archers!" I shouted, seeing the cavalry pull out in quick order. The ones in the back ranks pulled out first, some lingered to help their allies, but some were sacrificed when they were too deep inside our army. "Aim for their horses!" I shouted, knowing what was about to come next. They were going to deliver another charge. However, I didn't see any infantry with them, meaning that the cavalry was alone for now. They rode ahead hard in order to get here before we could rout the besiegers or hide behind their fortifications. Clever of them, but very bad for us.

My men echoed the orders and I soon was joined by a dozen of my archers on top of the earthworks while I picked up a bow and arrow from the hands of a dead Frank. My mind was racing while the Franks were gathering themselves back up, forming ranks outside of our warriors' reach. As for our army, the unexpected charge had been deadly. Worse, it had been confusing. I could hear shouts in Germanic and Norse that we were completely surrounded. Some were calling for us to flee and that the battle was already lost.

From where I stood, the latter couldn't be more untrue, but I imagine things looked very different on the ground. There were calls to form a shield wall or to stand together, but they were fleeting things. Many men had been killed in the charge and more were expected to die in another, worse, they had been hit from behind where our warriors thought they might be safe. The army wasn't breaking yet, but I could feel it. They were close.

"Thorkell! Hallstein!" I shouted, taking command of my men. I had to. Grimar and Gerwig were failing to react to the charge. At this rate, the next one was going to be even more damaging than the first one. "The Saxons are going to take another charge! We need to be there so the men don't lose heart, and kill as many Franks as we can!" I shouted over the sounds of utter chaos. Something I had learned over the past few months -- men took heart from the men around them. If they were afraid, then everyone would be afraid. However, if they saw men holding strong and fighting back, then the opposite happened. They would take heart, hold strong and fight back.

The Saxons didn't seem to have that in them. Nor did the Norse warriors under Grimar's command. My men wouldn't be enough to hold together the entire army, or block the charge, but what we could do was inflict enough damage on the Franks to make sure they lacked the strength for a third charge.

"Form up! Form up!" Thorkell shouted back, hearing me, but I didn't hear anything from Hallstein. My men started to clamor over the earthworks and back into the ditch, letting their places be taken by warriors that were desperately trying to get behind the fortifications. That desperation had good use, I saw, because progress surged in taking the earthworks. Men fought for their lives, not just to break the siege.

At that same moment, the Frank cavalry began to charge again. Slinging my bow, I notched an arrow as the dozen archers at my side did the same. There was no spoken command, but when I let loose my first arrow, they did the same. They sailed over the head of our army, heading directly toward the Franks. About half of the arrows missed, but the half that did strike true all toppled the horsemen. Their horses collapsed, acting as an obstacle for those behind them.

The man in the white cloak managed to evade an arrow, still leading the charge that was picking up speed. I released another arrow and with the closing distance, all of our arrows struck true, taking down another dozen horsemen along with a few others that failed to get out of the way. Notching a final arrow, I took aim at the tip of the charge, giving my Projectile Prediction a good enough lead before letting the arrow fly a half second before the charge impacted the Saxons that were putting up a pitiful defense.

The arrow struck true, catching the stark white horse now dyed red in the forehead, and instantly it began to collapse. As the head hit the ground and the Saxon shield wall, the back legs came up and the horse rider went down, vanishing in the tide of bodies. The damage that we did wasn't enough to blunt the charge and the Saxons and Norse were still hit hard. The Franks slammed into them, the shield wall breaking like splinters as the Franks charged into the army. The effects were just as devastating as they had been the first time. This time, the panic was really starting to settle in.

There were some men at the sides that started to break off from the main army. The only thing that kept them in the fight was the fact that the Franks, the ones that weren't already committed to battle, were getting out of the trenches to flank around. Not many of them, telling me that the Saxons inside Frankfurt were committed to the battle, but enough to prevent them from quitting the battle entirely. My men were marching ahead, easily marked in the sea of bodies because they were pushing their way forward instead of moving away.

"Keep firing!" I instructed my archers as they steadily picked off horsemen one by one. The horses needed to go. Without them, the cavalry were just men, and men died easily. As I spoke, I tossed my bow and arrow to the side before going to rejoin my men. I could do more damage as an archer in this case, but it wouldn't mean anything. Not if the entire army was routed. I alone couldn't stop a charge, but if people saw me fighting, they might think that they had a chance.

My archers did as I instructed, firing arrow after arrow as I followed the path that Thorkell had taken. All the while, I shouted, "Are you not ashamed to bend so easily?" I shouted in Germanic, then in Norse. "To run and hide in the face of the enemy? Where is your spine?! Or are you only capable of fighting Christians behind walls?" I shouted as I pushed forward, grabbing a man that was starting to push past me and shoving him back. "The gods have offered us a challenge! To see if we are worthy! You disappoint them with this shameful display!"

My words were lost in a sea of voice, but they were heard by some. Some seemed ashamed of themselves, but most continued past me, either not hearing me or pretending that they didn't. Of the few that were ashamed, fewer managed to gather their courage to stop their fleeing and start pushing back at the crowd of men all racing to get behind the walls of Frankfurt. It wasn't much, I wouldn't even call it enough, but it was something.

Taking in a deep breath of air that tasted of blood, I heard the sounds of combat that were growing. As I shoved another man out of my way, I saw the source of it.

The warrior with the white cloak and spear had survived the fall, I noticed, and the white cloak was nowhere to be seen. Neither was their helmet, I noticed, which brought me up short.

A woman. I think. Strawberry pink hair was tied off in a braid, a beardless face… The fact that she was a woman was the least alarming thing about her. She was surrounded by corpses, and even as I recoiled at the sight of her, she killed another two men in the space of a breath. One she speared through the throat and with a flick of her wrist, she ripped it out at an angle, sharply spinning the blade, before plunging it into another man's thigh.

My hesitation already proved too costly. A roar escaped me as I threw myself forward, launching myself over a veritable wall of corpses that she had made. A mistake, in hindsight, because as I surged forward, her gaze darted to me. Blood was flicked away from her spear, sending a splash of it out, before I suddenly found the tip of it racing directly toward my heart. Unbreakable Guard saved me, but it was the closest thing to real danger I had experienced since the gods gave me the blessing. My seax skirted off the leaf shaped spearhead, and almost as soon as I blocked the spear, I found another thrust aimed at my throat.

Leaning my head out of the way, I batted the spear to the side to find that her face was every bit as surprised as mine. "Only one other person ever managed to block my spear twice," she informed, settling in a wide stance. She seemed young. Late teens to early twenties. The metal plates that she wore were framed by blackened leather that had ringmail woven into it. "You must be Siegfried."

"I am," I confirmed, narrowing my eyes at her. She had been fast. A type of speed that I hadn't seen in anyone else. "You?"

"I am Astolfo! One of King Charlemagne's faithful and reliable Paladins," Astolfo greeted me, a wide smile on her face, sounding almost friendly despite the chaos that surrounded us. "I've been chasing you for ages! Should'a known you'd end up finding me. I thought you were supposed to be like twelve feet tall? You're just an itty bitty baby," Astolfo remarked, sounding a bit alarmed by that fact.

My eyes narrowed at the insult. And at the reveal that she had been the one hunting me. A Paladin. I had heard of them. Some had uttered that Charlemagne's Paladins would be my downfall and deliver retribution upon me for my deeds. I thought nothing of it, to be honest. Charlemagne and his Paladins were men -- and a woman -- so I just had to kill them. Simple.

Only it didn't seem so simple anymore.

"I didn't come here to talk," I told her, my grip tightening on my seaxes. She had the range advantage. It could have been mitigated, but people were giving her a wide berth because of how easily she killed. Much in the same way that people did with me. People only attacked as a mob when they felt like they had a chance of winning with numbers. Take that away, and they'd give way and bend as easily as grass did to a summer breeze.

"What a coincidence. Neither did I!" She announced before we both moved as one. Her spear moved faster than a serpent's tongue, I found, because in the span of a single step, I found myself fending off two separate thrusts -- one low at my foot, and the second at my throat. Both were batted to the side, or diverted with the edge of a seax. By the time I took another step, I had fended off four more thrusts.

She was fast. My eyes hadn't deceived me. I've never seen speed like that before. Standing my ground, Unbreakable Guard was the only thing that saved me from being struck dead a dozen times over as her speed increased, the tip of her spear becoming little more than a blur of movement and if it wasn't for her hands moving, I might have never had guessed where the tip of the spear was going.

I couldn't win like this, I realized. It was a foreign thought. An unfamiliar one. It was almost like a smack to the face. I was a very, very long way from being the boy that couldn't beat his brothers in a fight. Killing men had almost become easy. I was stronger, faster, and deadlier. It was only natural that I could kill them before they had a chance, and even when they did, I could overwhelm them. This was different. This was…

"You're like me," I realized, blocking the spear. A plan formed in the back of my mind, seeing the grooves that were being hacked into the shaft of the spear. "You see them too. The windows from the gods." Part of me was excited. I never thought that I would come across another that could communicate with the gods like I did. However, that excitement quickly turned into confusion because Astolfo looked at me like she had no idea what I was talking about.

"See what?" She questioned, her brow furrowing as she looked at me. "God has never spoken to me. If he was going to speak to anyone, it would be King Charlemagne, his ultimate servant." She continued, making me frown. I didn't understand. If the gods didn't speak to her, then how could she move this swiftly? What could it be if not a boon from the gods? Did the Christian God give out gifts as well? I…

I didn't understand. It was the same, yet different.

No. It didn't matter. It didn't change what I had to do.

Astolfo sensed the change in me because the friendly smirk vanished and I found myself under a renewed assault. The tip of the spear flickered out like a whip, vanishing and reappearing rapidly, targeting every gap in my armor with deadly accuracy. With it, we fell into a deadly dance of me trying to close the distance between us and she maintained it with deft ease. Her footing was sure, and she seemed keenly aware of everything around her as she stepped between bodies and fighters.

My seaxes cut a notch in the unusually hard shaft, carving away slivers of it with each block. Half the time, I missed the mark, but she threw so many thrusts, it hardly mattered. A bead of sweat rolled down my forehead, my arms beginning to burn with effort -- one block was a little slow, sending sparks to dance upon my skin. Wincing, I nearly missed a thrust at my throat but I found my pace again a beat later.

Despite it, a slight smile began to tug at the edges of my lips. I didn't understand what Astolfo was if she was not honored by the gods like I was, but that didn't matter. The battle was unlike anything I could think of. The closest thing I could compare it to was getting ambushed by Fenrir. This was a battle. A contest of wills and ability that I found precious few challengers in the past year. This was glorious in the eyes of men and the eyes of the gods, and I found myself enjoying it, despite the chaos around us.

Then enraged when I saw a warrior attacking Astolfo from behind, creeping forward. There was murder in his eyes. Hate. I didn't doubt that he had suffered a loss to Astolfo -- a friend, a brother, a father. I didn't know. And, in that moment, I didn't care. "Don't you dare," I snarled out, flipping the blade to my fingers before throwing it with all of my strength at the man. The blade flew over Astolfo's shoulder, who moved out of the way before it had even left my fingers, and it slammed into the intruder's forehead with enough force that it knocked him on his ass.

Astolfo looked at me with wide eyes, seemingly surprised by my actions. Enough so that she paused the attack, letting me grab an axe from one of the warriors she had killed. "You do have a strange sense of honor," she acknowledged, letting me get used to the weight of my new axe. "I thought as much when I heard about Cologne. But you sacked every church you've come across since."

"You should not hoard such treasures in your churches then," I told her, giving as blunt advice as I could. I hoped they would not heed it. Raiding their churches was very profitable.

"That's not how that works, but I'll pass the message along-" Astolfo started, only to be interrupted by the sound of the blaring of a horn. Three blasts. One of our signals. We broke through the fortifications and retreated into Frankfurt. A signal that I hoped we would have to use. As far as I could tell, that meant that the battle had gone rather poorly for us. Very poorly. The men around us reacted to the signal with swiftness, all but abandoning the battle the moment that they heard the signal to rush through the gates. The only ones that lingered were my men.

I locked eyes with Astolfo for a long moment, noting that her eye color was an odd one. Dark blue that almost seemed purple in the right light. She took a step back, a friendly smile back on her face. "I'll be seeing you, Seig! Bye!" She said, giving me a wave as she began to retreat, reaching out to a horseman and getting pulled up onto the horse as the Franks retreated. The entire ending was sudden, I thought. So sudden that my mind couldn't help but race at what just happened.

The Franks weren't quitting the battle, meaning that I did have little time to linger, else I would find myself locked out of the city. I took a step back, turning away from the Paladin.

Why did it feel like the Franks wanted us in the city?

…

The battle was a poor one, I learned. A very poor one. It was possibly the first battle that I had ever lost, in hindsight. The charges at the back had been devastating, and attacking the fortifications had been costly. Worse, our wounded were relatively few. That was because the gate had been closed on many of them -- some of which could have survived their injuries, but they were on the wrong side of the door.

But the losses didn't just come from the dead. I hadn't seen it personally, but near five hundred Norse and Saxons had broken off from the army to flee into the wilderness. I imagined that they would be ridden down in the coming days. In addition to the losses that we had suffered, we entered Frankfurt with a third of the number that we had set out with. Two thousand men was still an army, but compared to the losses that the Franks suffered, it was difficult to say anything but that we lost the battle overall.

As much as I looked forward to reuniting with Morrigan and Jill, as soon as I took stock of my own losses -- eight men with twelve wounded to various degrees of severity -- I was asked to attend a meeting with King Widukind. Still bloodied, I was flanked by Thorkell and Hallstein, the latter handing me a damp cloth that had already scrubbed some blood clean. While I cleaned my face up, I took a moment to note the differences since I was last in Frankfurt.

A number of buildings didn't seem cared for because there was no one to live in them. The Saxons had an army of five thousand behind the walls, but that was a small population for such a city. Most of Frankfurt simply hadn't seen any use in a season. Beyond that, it almost looked the same. "We need to work on our communication during battle," I decided, handing the bloodied rag back to Hallstein with a look, making the older man wince.

"Aye. The boys' blood got up," Hallstein acknowledged without making excuses. "Got too used to fighting Franks unawares, methinks. When they fought back, it pissed some of the lads right off."

A problem in itself. Now that we were back here, we needed to get used to fighting battles. That, and I needed to get used to the idea that we wouldn't have complete autonomy anymore. While winter was at the door, come spring, I imagine we would have plenty of time to relearn how to fight as a part of a larger battle. I grunted while Thorkell thumped Hallstein on the shoulder, conveying that he agreed. I didn't know much about Hallstein -- or Thorkell, really -- but he was a reliable commander, I've found. One that rarely made the same mistake twice.

Our escort brought us to an unfamiliar building in a part of the city that seemed to have seen a lot more use in the past months. The buildings in the area were of a finer make, which explained why. The building we were led into was called a villa, I think. I hadn't seen one before, but I recalled Horrick had spent some time in one to recover from an infected injury. It was made of a whitish-colored stone and the floor was made of stone slabs instead of dirt. I looked around at the interior, noting the fine furniture and lavish decorations -- many, I suspected, had been looted from other villas.

It was when we arrived at the center of the building to find a courtyard that the villa was framed around, I saw King Widukind. He seemed tired, I thought. There were dark bags under his eyes, and at his temples, there was a bare hint of gray. King Widukind wasn't a young man by any means, but it struck me that he was graying about a decade too early. The table of the city had been placed in the courtyard and it had been expanded considerably, detailing not only the city, but the surrounding area. Complete with the fortifications the Franks made around Frankfurt.

Standing next to him was the Saxon Commander, Gerwig. As well as Grimar. Both were bloodied and looked tired.

"Wolf-Kissed," King Widukind greeted me, offering a small nod in my direction. "It's good to see you again. Tales have long since reached us of your efforts within Francia. I wished we could have welcomed you with a proper celebration," he offered, his tone unfailingly polite, but my eyes were on Grimar.

"Hm," I grunted in response, my gaze flickering to King Widukind for a moment and I could see he knew exactly what my issue was. "One of King Charlemagne's Paladins led the cavalry. Astolfo. She has been blessed by their God, I think. She is a Raven-Feeder with her spear." There was an expression of mild alarm on King Widukind's face at the news, possibly because I was saying it. "I couldn't kill her."

"That… is troubling news," King Widukind admitted, sounding like he meant it. "It is something that we will have to factor into our plans, but, for now, we must focus on the task at hand. Today went poorly for us, but we have the advantage. The walls mean they are unlikely to attempt an assault and winter is upon us. While we shall remain warm and well fed in the coming months, the Franks will be forced to sit outside of our walls." King Widukind started, gesturing to the Franks in the model.

Meaning that, for now, the battles were done. We would winter in Frankfurt. King Widukind continued, "The reinforcements will only strain their supply lines for they must keep a considerable amount of men here to prevent us from simply leaving. We wait here, gather our strength, and when spring arrives, we crush the Franks." Nothing that I hadn't already expected so far.

"What of the rebellion?" I questioned, crossing my arms over my chest. A rebellion I was supposed to help foster by weakening King Charlemagne's supporters. Based on the slight grimace that King Widukind wore, he didn't have good news.

"You may have done your job too well, Wolf-Kissed," he told me. "You've weakened his supporters, this is true, but others have drifted closer to him out of fear of a common enemy," he told me, earning a deep frown. I hadn't expected that. "At the same time, it has also drawn some to us. There are those that remember the old ways in this kingdom. They have sought me out and offered their assistance. A rebellion is still possible, it would just require that you sack fewer cities, Wolf-Kissed." The remark was greeted with a few chuckles -- neither Grimar nor I joined in.

That was a complication that I hadn't foreseen. I couldn't claim that I regretted my actions, but I did see that they had unforeseen consequences. "These allies that approached you -- can they do anything?"

"Agitate. None are willing to commit troops to our cause, but they can weaken Charlemagne in his courts. Whisper doubts and inflame tensions. That, and offer information. It was one of them that smuggled a message to me about the fleet that King Charlemagne gathered to transport the reinforcements." He said, giving me a small nod, as if to tell me that it was nothing to be concerned with.

My eyes narrowed. "Fleet?" I questioned, making King Widukind blink at my tone.

"The fleet that the reinforcements were transported on. I was told that it was an army some five thousand strong," King Widukind informed, making me tilt my head while my pulse started to quicken. It felt like we were talking past each other. It felt like…

"The reinforcements we just faced?" I questioned and there was a small amount of growing alarm in King Widukind's face. "Those were men that had been pursuing my raiders for the past season. They didn't come from a fleet. What fleet are you talking about?" I questioned, as it started to click together and sink in. They thought that the army we just faced was an entirely separate army. They didn't know the numbers like I did. They didn't have to dodge them like I did.

Meaning that the fleet King Widukind was talking about was something else entirely. An additional five thousand men were being transported up here. An entire second army that matched our numbers. We were facing two armies with a combined number of nearly ten thousand. My stomach clenched at the thought and the tension became palpable as even Grimar began to look nervous as a great miscalculation was just revealed.

We were stuck in Frankfurt for the winter. And there was an entire second army roaming Saxony completely unopposed.

I could only imagine what we would see when Spring came.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 961 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 8, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Reunions
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 15, 2023
Add bookmark
#1,998
The meeting concluded not long after the reveal that we were dealing with an entirely separate Frankish Army. King Widukind acted composed, but there was an edge of franticness in his actions that betrayed how flatfooted he was caught. How off guard all of us were taken. We were sworn to secrecy before he would 'allow' us to leave to avoid panicking the troops, and any reservations that I felt about the lies of omission were reassured by Thorkell voicing his agreement to the plan.

We were quickly ushered out by King Widukind, who needed time to plan our next move, but I had to wonder if there was a next move we could make. Now that I had seen the awesome power of cavalry firsthand, the fact that the Franks outnumbered us two to one seemed to be the lesser of our concerns. It didn't help matters that I was still groping for understanding when it came to Astolfo -- what she was and what it meant. As well as the possibility that there were twelve of her serving under King Charlemagne.

"Wolf-Kissed," I heard Grimar speak up, an edge of distaste in his voice as he stopped me cold. I looked over my shoulder at him to see that he was pinning a cold gaze in my direction, and he received a colder one in return. "We have our… differences, I will admit, but now is not the time to let bad blood cloud our judgment. We need to discuss what we shall do."

"I don't see what there is to discuss," I shot back, my tone curt and hateful. He wouldn't live to see spring. I wouldn't let him. How fucking dare he speak to me…

"We have plenty," Grimar returned, his voice just as curt. "I hold you in as much contempt as you hold me. You kidnapped my sister, Wolf-Kissed. That is something I will not forgive. But there is a time for vengeance and a time for wisdom. It is time to be wise. I still possess eight hundred men. You, two hundred. A considerable fighting force should we join forces. Temporarily." He added, sounding every bit as disgusted with the idea as I felt.

However, my attention caught on something he said. "I kidnapped your sister?" I questioned, bristling at the accusation. In response to the disbelief in my tone, Grimar snarled at me. The most emotion that I had seen on his face.

"Don't play a fool, Wolf-Kissed. You are young. Not an idiot. Nor should you take me as one. Your witch woman, I know of her. You had her use magics on my sister to get her to betray her family. Then you stole her in the dead of night," he growled at me. My lips peeled back, matching his snarl as we stood in the open road, having just barely left the villa.

"I couldn't have done anything considering your brother poisoned me," I snapped at him, a hand going to my axe. I ached to bury it inside of him. I still recalled my promise -- to do everything I did to Kjell, one of my sister's betrothed, to every member of Horrik's family. To gouge out his eyes, cut off his nose, ears, and balls. To take his hands and feet. The only thing I would leave him would be his tongue so he could beg for death.

"A wise measure. I acknowledge your power, Wolf-Kissed. I have no hope in besting you in battle," He admitted without shame, confessing that he would use a coward's weapon on me since no blade would work. Practical, I suppose. But I couldn't say I cared for the admission at all. Even if it would no longer work on me after taking Iron Stomach. "But I am not here to discuss what our families have done to each other. Nor what we shall do to each other for I have just as much claim to vengeance as you do. I am here to discuss what we shall do about the Franks."

He had a claim to vengeance against me? What a bad fucking joke. "As I said, we have nothing to discuss, Grimar."

"You are allowing your feelings to cloud your judgment," he rebuked, a hand going to his own axe before he caught the action and stopped it before he could complete it. He was right. I wasn't so lost in the haze of hate that I couldn't see that he was right. However, I was just lost enough in that haze that I didn't care how right he was.

I wanted to hurt him. In any way that I could. I just wanted him to suffer. I didn't care what he had to say, I didn't care how right he was, and I didn't care what would be best or worse. I hated him. Grinding my teeth together, I felt Thorkell and Hallstein's eyes turn to me. I know that they had their own thoughts, and they weren't party to my revenge. Then an idea struck me, "Fine," I snapped at him, turning around. "Follow me and you can see your sister," I told him, thinking that the truth would be a good dagger in the heart if I couldn't put an actual dagger in it.

"She's here? You brought her here?" Grimar bit the words out, his own hird glowering at me, but I didn't care as I marched through the streets, showing them my back. "You-" He started, only to cut himself off with a low growl as he stomped behind me, following in my tracks. I could feel his seething glare at my back, and I wished I could turn around to return it. He really was a fool. I brought her here because the city was a lot safer than getting chased throughout Francia.

We traveled in silence as I headed to the villa that Morrigan and Jill had claimed. A good number of my men were nearby, both acting as guards, and looking for a place to stay. The villa wasn't as nice as the one that King Widukind resided in, but it was clearly meant for nobility. Pushing open the heavy set double doors, I saw that if there had been any wealth decorating the veritable palace, it likely had been moved over to the villa of King Widukind. All the same, it was a fine building.

Even the longhouses or feasting halls couldn't compare.

As we entered the hall, a door flung open almost as soon as we crossed the threshold. Jill seemed ever slightly so different from the last time I saw her some months ago, even if there wasn't any apparent cause for it. Her hair was perhaps a bit longer, but beyond that, she should seem almost identical. She just wasn't for some odd reason. "Seigfried-" she started to greet me, a smile playing at the edges of her lips, only for it to drop off entirely. "Grimar?"

"Jill," Grimar breathed, brushing past me, and his tone was so relieved that it gave me pause. I thought he might try to hurt her or be angry. I was ready to kill him for it. But, instead, he strode forward and, to my shock, Jill rushed forward and greeted him with a hug. The two embraced for a long moment, leaving me watching them as my guts started to tie themselves into knots.

Jill has only spoken ill of Thorfinn, I recalled. She spoke of the indifference of her father. But she had said nothing about her brothers and sisters beyond acknowledging that I was going to kill them one day. That she could never return to them because she betrayed her kin in helping me. Because of it, I never thought she would greet one of her brothers so warmly. Nor would she be welcomed so warmly.

I didn't lament because of their bond. I lamented because I knew what it meant.

I was still going to kill him. And I suspected that Jill would have far greater difficulty accepting that than she thought she would.

"Are you okay? Have you been treated well?" Grimar questioned, breaking the hug and taking a step back, tilting his head to keep an eye on me. Jill looked overwhelmed as she looked up at her brother, her mouth opening and closing, as if she wasn't sure what she should say.

"I'm well, brother," Jill managed to say, her gaze flickering to me for answers on what was going on. "Seigfried has treated me well and with kindness. I… what are you doing here? A-are you here to take me back?" She questioned, taking a step away from Grimar, and based on his posture, he was both surprised and tense at the question. If I had to guess, he was here to bring her back to Horrik.

"I-" Grimar started before he stopped himself, openly glancing at me with narrowed eyes. "I'm here for several reasons. Our father brokered a deal with King Widukind. In exchange for our aide in his war, he will not support Godfrey in any way. The plunder we take will be used to pay the mercenaries that fight for us… and I came here for vengeance against the man who stole a member of my family." He said, a grimness in his tone while his lips were pressed together.

"Seigfried didn't steal me, Grimar. I… left with him. Because of Thorfinn," Jill managed weakly, her voice echoing in the stone walls despite how softly she spoke. "He bragged about killing another of my betrothed."

I saw it. Grimar hadn't believed it. Not until it came out of Jill's mouth. He hadn't believed that Thorfinn really tried to kill me and that she had willingly come with me. I'm uncertain exactly what he believed, but it wasn't the truth. "I see," he uttered, his voice tightly controlled as he looked at me.

"I would like an apology for your false accusations," I told him, my voice harsh to my own ears. His nostrils flared in response, telling me that I wouldn't be getting one. Not an earnest one, at any rate.

"Siegfried," Jill spoke up, looking between us, fear and uncertainty in her eyes. She wanted me to be kinder. I could tell.

I didn't have it in me. "I meant what I told you, Jill. You are the only member of your family I can forgive. The rest of you owe my family a blood debt and I will take every drop that I am owed," I told her outright, making it as perfectly clear as I could. There would be no mercy from me. She could not beseech me into forgiving her brother or making an exception. Because of that, Jill wilted and Grimar frowned deeply at me, angered on her behalf.

"Wolf-Kissed…" he bit the words out, his tone colored by anger. Then he sighed harshly. "What do you intend to do about the Franks?" He questioned, abruptly changing the subject because he knew there was no point in discussing the matter of vengeance further. I could see the thoughts in his head churning. I suspected that he was going to try to steal Jill away.

Jill was a free woman. She could go with Grimar if she wished. I wouldn't stop her, but if she went back to that family, any forgiveness she received would be rescinded. She would die. The only difference would be that I would give her a quick death compared to the rest of her kin.

I said nothing and Grimar took that as an opportunity to continue, "The Saxons have lost this war. They can't hope to do anything against such a force." He was ready to tuck tail and run. It wasn't surprising, really. Mostly because I didn't think he was wrong about the Saxons losing. I struggled to imagine how King Widukind hoped to win. All the damage we had dealt thus far hadn't been enough. King Charlemagne refused to be defeated, and he had a far deeper reserve of resources to pull from. "I must think of my home. It is possible that Charlemagne intends to conquer Denmark next."

I recalled my brief meeting with the Frank King. That, I admitted to myself, did seem like a possibility. Ten thousand men was more than enough to crush the Saxons, and he had an opportunity in Denmark because of the succession war. Still, I said nothing, wanting to know exactly what Grimar was getting at.

He regarded me coldly, "I suggest a joint raid between our forces come spring. We leave King Widukind to do as he likes and draw the ire of the Franks. Meanwhile, we head into Francia to sack one of their cities. I understand you attacked many, but you had to keep the looting quick and light. We shall divide the spoils between the two of us."

He wanted to work together. "No," I refused, not even considering it.

"I heard you were a great leader for one so young. How disappointing that you can only lash out like a child," Grimar snapped at me, his own patience reaching its limits. "We do not have to like one another. This plan benefits us both."

"I don't need wealth. I can get it easily enough on my own," I refuted, growling at him. "I can't stomach the thought of working with you. Traitor blood runs through you. My father was your father's friend for many years and your father allowed my brothers to be killed by Thorfinn!" I snarled at him, and I felt a pang of regret as I uttered the words because Jill paled, her face going bloodless.

In response, Grimar laughed harshly. "Your father a faithful friend?! Did you never consider your own name? Why would you be named after an enemy of my father?" He demanded, his voice thundering through the hall. My heart pounded in my chest because I had wondered that.

"I am named for the hero Siegfried, who slew the dragon Fafnir," I retorted and Grimar sneered.

"Then you would be named Sigurd. Your father was a traitor. He worked for King Sigfred. As a proof of his loyalty, he named one of his sons after him -- you. All in the hopes that he would become Jarl after he betrayed my father and usurped his city," Grimar snapped at me. I opened my mouth to shout something back -- what, I didn't know -- but what stopped me was Tell Spotter wasn't activated. He wasn't lying. That didn't mean he was telling the truth, but it did mean, to Grimar's knowledge, he wasn't lying.

I had thought it odd when I met King Sigfred. That odd look that King Sigfred had aimed at my father. How much of the kindness he showed me was convincing me to join him or was it because he thought I was already on his side? Not to mention the little lies between the two that I had noticed -- the lie about the coin pouch, that Horrik was having my father watched… did he do so for all of his subjects? Or was it because he had reason to watch my father? My family? Was that the reason he allowed the raids on our farms?

"Grimar, enough!" Jill exclaimed, catching her brother by surprise. "You both have just fought in battle. Your tempers are short. Both of you should rest before…" she trailed off, as if she didn't want to give us the idea. Too late for that. Both of us already thought of it.

Grimar worked his jaw, "Aye. You speak wisdom, Jill. I shall come again on the morrow," Grimar stated, looking to Jill with the clear expectation that she would join him. In response, Jill looked at me. She wanted me to tell her that she should stay.

I couldn't. I wasn't that I didn't want to. I did. But this was something she had to decide for herself. She was the one that had to decide if she was going to stay with me, or return to her family. She was the one that would have to live with the consequences of either choice -- either she would stay with me and understand that I would be killing the rest of her family, or she could return to them in hopes of forgiveness and hope to get a clean death at my hands. I couldn't influence her either way.

Because, if I did, I would never know what she would have chosen on her own. And I would never trust her because of it.

"Don't bother, Grimar. I have nothing to say to a corpse," I refuted, my gaze going to Jill. "This is your choice, Jill. It is only your choice," I told her, not soaring her feelings, and she seemed to wilt because of a clear direction. Grimar glared at me for my stubbornness. Perhaps he was a better leader because he could put his personal feelings aside, but I couldn't. Not in this. He could offer me nothing that would make it worth it.

"I'll… stay here, Grimar," Jill voiced, flinching ever so slightly when Grimar turned his glare to her. Only instead of pure anger, it was intermixed with confusion.

I thought he would react more, but Grimar was proving to be rather restrained. Instead of lashing out, he simply offered a curt nod, "Very well, sister." He decided, marching forward and past me. Thorkell and Hallstein caught my look and followed him out of the building to make sure that he stayed out. I wondered what they thought of this mess because they said nothing during it. Swallowing a sigh, I looked to Jill to see that she was gathering herself.

She chose to stay. I wouldn't forget that. "This… wasn't what I thought our reunion would look like, I didn't expect one of my brothers to be here." Jill admitted to me as I approached.

"Neither did I," I admitted. The very last thing I expected was to encounter a son of Horrik.

"Grimar isn't Thorfinn," Jill offered, though I didn't ask. "He was always gone because Horrik sent him away. But, when I did see him, he was always kind to me," she continued, searching my eyes for a hope of mercy, and she found none. "He protected me. As much as he could," she added in a low mutter.

I didn't want to hear about any redeeming features of someone I hated, I decided. I preferred it when they were pure evil. When there was nothing redeemable about them. "Jill, I won't blame you if you want to go back to your family. Or if this is harder for you than you thought it would be. But it doesn't change anything for me. I am going to kill him, Jill. It's your decision if that is something you can live with," I told her, making her look away.

I felt tired, I decided. The defeat was demoralizing, and this hadn't helped. Jill had nothing to say in response. "I'm going to wash the day away. It's not a decision you have to make now. Or one you should make lightly. But it is your decision," I told her, walking past her in hopes of finding a tub in this villa. If a Jarl could have one, then surely a Frankish noble would have one as well.

In my wake, there was silence.

…

A sigh escaped me as I sunk deeply into a tub of steaming water. The villa contained a small lake of water to bathe in. I wasn't entirely sure how it worked. I just knew that when I asked around about taking a bath, I was guided into this room and found hot water being pumped into it as servants boiled the water somewhere and the hot water was then pushed into the small lake.

My gaze drifted to everything around me -- the so-called bathhouse was decorated. There were old and faded murals on the walls of a race of men wearing red plumes, and women standing in shells. I didn't understand it either, but it was interesting to look at. And it was a welcomed distraction. My thoughts were torn on what direction they should go in -- what Jill would do weighed heavily on my mind. The war with the Franks seemed almost hopeless at this point, so it was a very real question of what we could do. It was also a question of what the Franks were doing while we were trapped in Frankfurt, both by an army, and by winter.

Above all else, Astolfo was a concern. She had been fast. So very fast. She was a great slayer of men with her spear. In addition to that, she hadn't seemed injured from getting thrown by her horse after I killed it. Was that a blessing from her God? She claimed to not know what I spoke of, and I didn't know what to think of that at all. Did Astolfo not see messages from her God? Did she not receive quests?

If not, then what was it? What kind of blessing did she receive? How alike were we? How different were we?

I didn't expect to encounter anyone like me, I could admit to myself in silence, sitting alone in a steaming lake. It wasn't an expectation that I alone had the attention of the gods, but now that I encountered someone of similar ability, I realized that I… never expected to. I wasn't prepared for it. Especially when the person in question was a Christian. I didn't believe in the Christian God, but I was forced to accept that he did exist. Unless Loki was playing a grand trick, but surely the other Aesir would punish him for aiding a race of men that sought the destruction of our ways.

Was the Christian God a different breed of god? Such as the Aesir and the Vanir? Then why was there only God? Was this God a liar, claiming all credit for the existence of his race of men? Or was he truly that powerful? It was a discomforting thought, I decided.

I was broken from my thoughts by the sound of a door opening, the hinges squeaking as they did so, followed by the sounds of footsteps. Looking over and sinking deeper into the murky waters, I saw who entered. Morrigan. Like Jill, little about her had changed in the past months. Her golden colored eyes were still sharp, her dark hair was still tied up -- the only real changes were the amount of jewelry she was wearing. There was the golden necklace that my father had gifted the wise woman, and now there were baubles hanging from her wrists, clasps on her arms, and rings on her fingers.

She was wearing a ransoms worth of gold. "Siegfried. Rather rude of you to ignore those that have been waiting oh so patiently for your return," Morrigan remarked as I made my way to the edge of the small lake. Her gaze scoured me as she looked down, searching for signs of injuries. While I had hardly emerged without a scratch in the past few months, the scratches I did receive were just that -- scratches. "Especially when they have good news. The ransom was paid in full and dear Ageric was able to keep his leg."

That was good news, I thought. An additional fifty pounds of gold and precious stones.

Morrigan began to hike up her skirts, revealing pale flesh of her legs. I found myself looking away, even if I wasn't entirely sure why. It wasn't the first time I had seen her legs, but this time… I don't know. It felt like I saw something that I shouldn't. I heard Morrigan chuckle before she sat down on the edge of the lake. "I trust that your venture was plentiful."

I nodded, "Provided that the Franks don't find where we buried the horde -- three hundred pounds of gold, twelve hundred pounds of silver, and fifty pounds of precious gems were buried. We brought back only a fraction of it with us," I told her, and I saw the hunger in Morrigan's eyes.

"T'is not often that I am proven wrong," Morrigan acknowledged before she reached out to me. "Come here. Your hair is in most desperate need of a combing. Did you bathe even once?" She questioned, producing a fine-toothed comb she had prepared. I hesitated, venturing closer to her and allowing her to place my head in between her knees. The comb found knots almost as soon as she started to feed it through my hair.

"We were being hunted the entire time, so wash days were rare," I admitted, wincing as she was anything but tender as she attacked the knots in my red hair. "And I'm not certain that I was correct. The Franks fielded another army in Saxony. All signs point to the war being lost," I admitted, making Morrigan pause.

"What shall be done, then?" She asked as she attacked the knots in my hair. It wasn't anything at all like Mother used to do. Then again, she also never allowed me to neglect my hair this much. "Will we surrender? Bend the knee to the Christian lords and their dead god?" The Christian God was less dead than I thought he was.

It was a good question. One that I wished I had an answer to. "I don't think so," I voiced, staring ahead as I let the warm water soothe the aches of months of hard riding and battles, along with the bitterness of defeat. "King Widukind doesn't strike me as the type to surrender so easily. And it can't be denied that we've done damage to King Charlemagne. It's just a question of whether it is enough to establish a peace."

To that, Morrigan scoffed, "This Charlemagne fellow does not strike me as the type to accept a peace of any kind. I imagine your attacks simply gave him ample reason to want us all dead." Morrigan voiced, and that was a very real possibility. I had humiliated King Charlemagne by raiding Francia. Enough so that I had given Francia a common enemy, unfortunately.

In response, I grunted, leaning my head a bit when Morrigan nearly broke the comb or tore a lock of hair right out of my head. "Jill's brother thinks there will be no point in fighting further. It's an opinion I think a lot are going to have."

"I heard as much," Morrigan responded, sounding unsurprised. "T'is a cruel choice she has before her. I do not envy her to make it." That sounded dangerously close to empathy from her. Something that I didn't expect from Morrigan of all people.

"Have you been getting along?" I asked, almost dreading the answer.

"Well enough. I still believe her to be an empty-headed girl, but she isn't completely intolerable. In small enough doses," Morrigan allowed.

I was silent for a moment, imagining myself put in such a position. It made me feel guilty for putting Jill in it. "What would you do?" I questioned, earning a bark of laughter from Morrigan. It was a rich sound but it carried an edge of bitterness.

"T'is a most easy choice for me," Morrigan responded, working the last of the knots out of my hair. I found that it was longer than I remembered. It had always brushed the back of my neck, as I was a freeman, but now it drifted down to my back. Mother would say it was time for me to start growing it out long now that I was a man. My gaze went to my armband. One that I had received from Horrik that had been meant to be a gift to his youngest son, who would be around my age. "Jill will have to decide this for herself. T'is not an easy choice, but her course has already been set. Even if she returns, she shan't be welcomed by her kin. She knows this."

I grunted at that, knowing it was true, but I would have preferred it to be because Jill wanted to stay. Morrigan took that as a sign to continue speaking. "At your suggestion, the men have been making inroads with the Norse warriors. I imagine a number of them would be willing to follow you, if only because of your wealth. When spring comes, we will have a decision to face, I imagine. I heard Grimar's offer."

I scoffed, unhappy to even consider it. "I'm going to kill him," I told her, earning a chuckle from Morrigan.

"Naturally. But would it not be prudent to use him before then?" She questioned, and I knew the suggestion was born of greed. Morrigan liked her baubles. "One final raid before the Saxons are defeated would be a worthy endeavor." My scowl deepened as she pitched the idea because I could see the sense behind it. It was a worthy suggestion and it wasn't a poor plan. However, the mere thought of working with Grimar made my blood boil.

"We don't know the Saxons will be defeated yet," I argued mostly for the sake of arguing. She seemed to know it because she lightly pushed my head forward, telling me that she knew I was just being stubborn.

"Don't we?" She questioned and I could hear her rolling her eyes. "Unless you can deal with the army outside of the walls, who are undoubtedly digging beneath our feet to spring up in the center of the city, then do the same with the other army that is out marauding through Saxony completely unopposed, then there is only one way this can end. I do wish it weren't so, but t'is time to face facts. The Saxons have lost."

Digging beneath our feet. That was likely true. It would be more time-consuming, but they had the men and the time to pull it off. Then again… so did we.

"I don't know about the latter," I voiced, a plan coming together in my head. "But I do think we can do something about the former."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 899 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 15, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Yule
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 22, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,038
Despite the siege, it was decided by King Widukind that we would celebrate Yule to honor the gods, as thanks for the victories we had enjoyed so far. While we couldn't make wreaths, we had everything else we needed to celebrate -- animals to sacrifice, and Yule logs that were carved out of buildings that had been torn down. The decision wasn't just to honor the gods, I suspected, as I overlooked Frankfurt from one of the watchtowers. I wasn't sure who spoke of it, but word had spread about the second Frank army, though how many they numbered ranged from five hundred to fifty thousand.

The Saxons were worried about their families and the people they left behind to fight. The Norsemen were worried that they had attached themselves to a dying cause that had no hope of success. While it would be a harsh drain on our foodstuffs for the siege, Yule was the decision of the Saxon King. To take everyone's minds off of what laid beyond the walls for a short twelve days. It was probably the correct decision, because in the weeks since winter came in earnest, there had been a great deal of tension within Frankfurt.

Surrounding the city, and within it, was a layer of pure white snow and frost. As if the snow was trying to smother the evidence of the siege -- the ladders and rams that had been destroyed and left to rest for weeks, signs of the battle to enter Frankfurt, and the fortifications around us. Even with the tension,there were some mornings that seemed peaceful. It was for that reason I frequented the top of the watchtower and thanks to the cold, more often than not, I was left alone.

I had a number of things to take up my time despite the siege. One of those pastimes turned out to be wood carving. What Lays Within turned out to be a very interesting gift from the gods. When I picked up a hunk of wood and a whittling knife, I felt an itch to take it to the log. It was as if I could see what was within, a shape that the log could be and yearned to become. All I had to do was carve away the excess to reveal it. Which is what I found myself doing with a great deal of my free time. Currently, I was carving offerings to Odin -- Hugin and Munin were first, the two raven were side by side. Then were his wolves Geri and Freki.

Lastly, I was working on his eight legged horse Sleipnir. Who was proving very difficult and tedious to carve. All the same, despite how delicate some parts of the wood were proving to be, I slowly carved away at the wood to reveal the shape it wanted to take. At least until I heard the whistling of an arrow just before it slammed into the stone next to me. One of the Franks had just taken a shot. Something they often did when I was working on my carvings.

They thought me exposed.

Letting out a small sigh, I set Sleipnir down along with my carving knife, before picking up my bow and arrow. Nocking an arrow, I crossed the watchtower to see the Franks in their fortifications. Smoke drifted up from several places, and tents were placed over the top of the trench to catch the snow and ward off the cold. I shook my head -- I didn't understand how they could need a fire to stay warm. This was a very mild winter.

I was greeted by another arrow the moment I revealed myself, Projectile Prediction warning me of it before it struck, so I simply leaned out of the way of the arrow. Spotting the two men that thought themselves clever, I pulled back my drawstring before releasing the arrow. It struck true, catching one of them in the eye before he could duck behind the fortifications. That earned some panicked shouts from the other. I knew from experience that he would crawl away, hiding behind the wood logs that protected him. Some had been burnt when I tried to set them on fire with no luck.

Shaking my head again, I walked back to my stool on the side of the watchtower that faced Frankfurt. Sparing a glance at the city, I saw that it had suffered some radical changes since the siege began. Axes had been taken to the buildings that weren't being used, the wood being turned into barricades and obstacles. Among other things. A good portion of the city was completely unmade, with more on its way thanks to our labors.

As I sat down, the door swung open to reveal Thorkell. He wore a dime blue tunic and a pair of jerkin trousers, similarly unbothered by the cold. He greeted me with a smile and held up a small keg, "Guess what the lads found? Mead. Finally something to drink other than that grape juice," he said, earning a smile from me as he kicked the door closed behind him.

"I'd take cover behind a stone wall. The Franks have been getting bored," I told him, catching a drinking horn and accepting a cup of ale. Bringing it to my lips, I let the honey sweetened mead wash down my throat with a content sigh. I didn't share Thorkell's distaste for wine, but if I had to pick between the two, then the choice was clear.

"They aren't the only ones," he remarked, sitting across from me with his back against the stone wall facing the Franks. "I hate sieges."

I know. "We're just wintering here, Thorkell. You have my word. As soon as the frost breaks, we'll be leaving Frankfurt in force." I reassured him, still recalling my promise. Our position felt like I was pushing the promise to the point of breaking, however, but there was little to be done. Even if we forced the Franks to break the siege, we wouldn't be able to leave. Even in this mild winter.

"Aye, I know," Thorkell agreed, having accepted my arguments before. Still, it didn't mean he had to like them. "It's just going to be a long wait. Progress is going well enough. King Widukind thinks we're ahead of schedule despite the hardness of the ground." That was good news. Very good news. When I offered the plan to King Widukind, he seemed doubtful of it. But it seemed like it could be possible. It probably helped that many men were alleviating their boredom with the labor they undertook with the promise of gold and honor.

I resumed carving Sleipnir, "Thorkell… why do you hate sieges so much?" I asked him, and Thorkell didn't seem surprised by the question, even if he did take a long gulp of his mead before answering. He had spoken at length -- often -- about how much he hated them. The sickness. The boredom. The long days of nothing during the summer and the longer cold nights in winter. But he never said why he hated such things with such passion.

He let out a sigh after finishing off his cup of mead before helping himself to another, "I wasted eight months of my life in one," he admitted after a long moment, his tone unusually heavy. "I was a younger man. Not much older than you are now. I came from a poor family and as soon as anyone would take me, I joined up with a band of mercenaries in search of glory and wealth." I paused my carving to listen to his tale, surprised by it to some degree. I didn't expect it to be an old hatred.

"One of the first jobs we took was to sail off to a city down the Dnipro River as part of an army. I didn't even care enough to learn the name of who we were fighting for. Just that they had gold and offered glory. Glory is in short supply during a siege, I learned. And gold can only be counted on if you win. Which we didn't. Half the army ended up shitting themselves to death. Nasty way to go, that is. The defenders sallied out and ran us off after eight months of sitting on our thumbs, waiting for them to get hungry enough to surrender." Thorkell scratched at his cheek as he recalled the memories, a slight frown tugging at his lips.

"I was in a band of a hundred men and two ships. We barely had enough men to row one of them back. And when I arrived home empty-handed, I learned that my family had been slain," he told me, making me go very still. "Our farm was on the border with the Swedes. Raids were common enough in the area, but… ten, fifteen years ago, they heated up to a border dispute. Was a short war about it before Jarl Asger lost the lands to the Swedes. For a time. I think either he or his son's took them back not that long ago."

I was silent as I listened to his tale, unable to help but draw comparisons to my own. It was a common enough story, I knew. But it was startling to hear it come from a trusted friend who had had it far worse than I did. I couldn't imagine what I would have done if I came home to find my entire family dead. "Did you take vengeance? I can help you in this-" I started, willing to start adding names of men who must die to my list.

But Thorkell waved me off, "I already took it, Siegfried. Caught some of the men that did the raid. Others died in battle. Ended up joining with every enemy that Jarl Bjarke fought against. Ended up killing him too. The blood debt was paid," he reassured me. And I think that was how Thorkell was so well known. It sounded like he fought for a wide number of people that shared a common enemy against the Jarl. It also became clear why he hated sieges so greatly -- they accomplished nothing, and while he accomplished nothing, his family perished.

"Good," I told him, meaning it. Then I paused for a moment, considering a question I wasn't sure I wanted the answer to. All the same, I forced myself to ask it. "Did it help?" I asked him, my lips thinning as I waited for the answer.

"Before I took my vengeance, I was haunted every night by nightmares. Of my family. My father, mother, and my sisters haunted me. Blaming me for not being there. And after I paid the blood debt in full? I've slept soundly ever since. Their spirits are at rest. So, yes. It helped a great deal," Thorkell reassured me. Good. That was good.

I couldn't wait for the day that I could finally be free of this anger. And the guilt I carried for not being there. It was fate. There was nothing I could do to stop it, but that didn't make not being there any easier.

"If I might offer some advice -- think about what comes after your vengeance. That was something I failed to do. I fought recklessly for many years, aimlessly. It's nothing short of the will of the gods that I didn't end up dead in some pointless battle here or there. You want Horrik to become King so you can take the crown from him, yes? Then that'll mean you'll end up as King of Denmark." Thorkell advised and there was a truth in his words that I pondered while taking another sip of mead. "I don't know the first thing about being King, so I can't offer any advice there. But it's worth thinking about at least"

I was saved from having to answer by a red projection lining up with my throat. Leaning out of the way of it, the arrow bounced off the stone behind me a few seconds later. Thorkell seemed a bit alarmed, but otherwise unconcerned when I let out an annoyed sigh as I got up again and picked up my bow. "If I do become King, then King Charlemagne would be the biggest threat to my rule," I ventured, uncertain if I even wanted to be King. From the little I saw of it, it didn't seem like a pleasant job.

I found the archer that nearly killed me with blind luck and fired an arrow at him, catching him in the hand that he carelessly had peeking over the wood logs as he bent down to speak to his companions. More screaming filled the air before I fired another shot when a man peaked up a bit too slowly and caught an arrow in the eye.

"Aye, probably," Thorkell acknowledged. "Or you could end up fighting him for the crown. If I were him, I'd head up north to Denmark with my armies as payback for the ruckus we've caused." That was the general consensus. Which did make it a very real concern for me. I had faith that Horrik and Thorfinn would die at my hands, but the norns could have other ideas. It was possible that they would die at the hands of Charlemagne, leaving my vengeance unfulfilled.

Meaning I had all the more reason to defeat Charlemagne here. It was only a question of whether it was possible or not. King Widukind's plan hadn't worked out, and even if we did deal with the besieging army, there was another one we would have to contend with. As I thought it all through, I fired three arrows that managed to kill three men that had tried to fire back at me. After a long minute, no one else tried. Today. I'm guessing that someone would muster their courage by tomorrow.

"How many Franks have you killed out here alone?" Thorkell asked me, standing up.

I shrugged, lowering my bow, "Fifty, maybe? I haven't been keeping count," I admitted. I had initially hoped to deal great amounts of damage from the watchtower, but the fortifications that protected the Franks were too high. I only got a clear shot when they were shooting at me.

"Surprised that they haven't wisened up," Thorkell remarked, grabbing the half empty keg of mead as we started to head back down into Frankfurt itself. I left the bow in the watchtower but grabbed my Sleipnir carving and knife. I thought much the same.

"I imagine that they want me dead most of all," I remarked, earning a warm sounding chuckle from Thorkell as we descended. Leaving the watchtower, I got a ground eye view of the city. Several buildings were torn down and picked apart. The wood was being sorted by length and usability while construction materials were either salvaged or scraped down to be remade. The labor continued even as snow gently fell from the sky, another building being picked down to the frame while the wood was carted off elsewhere.

Off in the distance, I did hear the sounds of hammering, telling me that things were well underway. I had no idea if my plan would work, but I did think it was the best chance that we were going to have to win. The real danger was the other Frank army. Defeating the besiegers meant little if we were so bloodied that we couldn't beat them.

Thorkell ended up getting drawn away as we walked through the town, greeted warmly by a number of men while I continued on. Something that I had swiftly noticed was that there was an odd tension in the air whenever I tried to insert myself into festivities. A tension that I only saw when King Widukind did the same thing -- it was as if everyone suddenly became aware of themselves and what they said, and that awareness made the festivities less enjoyable. For that reason, I made my way back to the villa. To prepare.

Tonight would be the first night of Yule, after all.

However, what I didn't expect was to see a familiar face.

"Otto?" I blurted, nearly tripping over my own two feet when I saw the priest walking down a road, heading to the church with a basket full of food. He was the very last person that I ever thought I'd see here. In Frankfurt. While it was occupied by an army. Otto seemed surprised to see me as well, but far less so, and he seemed pleased. "What are you doing here?" I blurted, glancing around as if to make sure no one else saw him.

This was not a good place for a Christian to be. Especially not now.

"Siegfried. Good evening," Otto returned, seeming to find my shock amusing. "Did you not know I chose to remain in the city?" He asked and I most certainly did not. No one said anything about it to me.

"Why would you do such a thing, Otto? This will be your death," I told him, honestly shocked that he hadn't been killed already. Maybe there was more power to the Christian God than I expected, because it really could only be divine intervention to explain why he wasn't beheaded by an angry Saxon or Norseman. "I- I can get you over the walls with some rope-" I started, only to bite my tongue.

I'm not sure if I should do that, I realized. I'm sure that the Franks could hear the construction happening, but I sincerely doubted that they knew what we were doing. If Otto got over the walls, then he could tell them. But, if he stayed in the city, I couldn't see this ending well for him. The opposite, really. I only saw it ending in pain and blood for the priest.

Otto offered a small smile in response, "Thank you for the offer, Siegfried, but I am where I wish to be. The faithful within these walls still require a shepard," he stated. The thralls, he meant. The laborers, servants, and pleasure slaves. I didn't think there were many. Maybe a hundred or so across the board. "I refuse to leave this place when there are Christian souls that are in need of guidance, as well as souls that can be saved." He gestured for me to walk with him and it felt like I was walking him to his execution.

"You're going to die," I repeated as bluntly as I could, trying to drive the message home.

Otto laughed, "A death in service is a good death, I think." He returned, a very alarming lack of fear in his voice. It was… different, I decided. The other priests that I had encountered had such conviction in the powers and magics of the cross, but that conviction was born of fear. Instead, Otto carried himself with a quiet confidence. Almost as if he were a warrior that fought a thousand battles off to fight a thousand and one. It wasn't that he thought that his God would stop him from being killed.

It was that he didn't care. No. Perhaps that wasn't right. It was that he accepted that death was a very real outcome to his actions and he wasn't flinching away from the cost.

"A death that could be avoided, Otto," I told him as I found him leading me to the church.

"There's more to life than living, Siegfried. I believe I am meant to be here. For there is good to be done. So, I shall remain until my death or the liberation of Frankfurt," Otto returned, that quiet confidence shining in his tone as he opened the church to reveal people. His flock, I imagine. An odd thirty people, men and women, who looked upon Otto with warmth while casting venomous looks at me when they thought I couldn't see. But, even as he said it, I felt the former was far more likely than the latter.

I watched as Otto began to give out loafs of bread, breaking them apart with his hands. The people took it greedily, but Otto said nothing. As soon as they took the bread, muttering a thank you, they walked to the far side of the church to get away from me. So, I don't think it was their usual reaction to getting free food. Food that I had no idea how Otto got since everything should be rationed outside of the feast for Yule.

"You should avoid going out for the next several days, Otto. All of you Christians," I told him as he approached with the last sliver of bread. He broke it into two pieces, one slightly larger than the other. He offered me the larger piece, but I shook my head, refusing the offer. "There will be many sacrifices. You should take care not to be one of them."

"Your holiday, Yule," Otto voiced, sounding like it wasn't the first time he received the warning. "It… practices human sacrifices," there was condemnation in his tone that he was trying very hard to keep out, but it slipped through anyway. He took a seat on a small wooden stool as he nibbled on the bread.

"Not usually," I answered. It depended on how desperately people wanted the favor of the gods. "Only when we feel we are in dire need of the gods' attention, and I believe now would qualify." People, even thralls, were considered too valuable to sacrifice lightly in the village of my birth. Other places could afford to do it more frequently, I had heard. But, in the small farming community I grew up in, I had never seen it and I had ended up mostly skipping Yule last year because I was working on the farm.

Otto shook his head, "A terrible thing. I can't understand your ways. There are times when I almost start to believe that you see the light of God in different shades than Christians do. Then there are times when I believe that your gods must be the Devil in disguise," he admitted to me, and I bristled at his tone before reminding myself he meant well.

"Our gods are not yours," I said with conviction, knowing it to be true now. "Our ways are not yours. Those that are sacrificed are honored for they will have the attention of the gods, and they will be welcomed into their halls for their stout hearts and faith." There were precious few that were willing to part with their lives out of faith for the gods. Most people were too attached to their own lives.

"Martyrdom," Otto said, and I took a moment to place the germanic word before nodding.

"Close enough, I think," I agreed. "I will do what I can to protect you while you are here, Otto. I just ask you not make it difficult for me," I requested, earning a chuckle from Otto.

"You do me a kindness, Lord Siegfried," Otto responded, sounding thankful for it. I didn't particularly care for the Christians within these walls, but I did find myself respecting Otto. I never would have thought he had such courage when I first captured him. He had leaned on his cross like a crutch and a source of comfort. Now he had the strength and the faith to stand on his own two feet. A very dangerous thing to do when he was surrounded by 'pagans' that would want him dead because they could not kill the Christians outside of our walls.

"I can't promise you your life, Otto. But I will do what I can," I told him, standing up when I heard a horn blowing for the celebrations to begin.

"My lord, that is all any of us can do."

…

There was no building large enough to house everyone for Yule, so we didn't celebrate it within a single building. In something of a field that had been opened up after several dismantled buildings, a large bonfire was built that was before an altar for the sacrifices and rites. The night came quickly despite it being so early in the day, revealing the stars above as the skies were clear of clouds. I stood in a place of honor along with King Widukind. And Grimar.

A steady drum beat echoed through the air as the festivities began. From my position, I saw Morrigan approaching. Her face was smeared with white lime, her lips and eyes smudged with soot while bits of bone and colored beads were woven into her hair. In her hands was a large wooden bowl while the rest of the procession either carried or led animals to where they would be sacrificed.

The hymns were sung loudly as the first of the animals were brought forward and placed on the alter. Chickens were beheaded, and their blood drained from them. Next were pigs, goats, and a singular cow. All of them had their throat slit and the blood drained from them as the previous animals were handed off to join the stew that was being made so we could partake in their flesh. However, unlike back in Alabu, once the bowls were filled, men were led forward. They were smeared in pigment and the drumbeat got louder.

The first laid himself down on the alter and Morrigan took her place behind it, "Odin! Thor! Tyr! It is to you, who we offer this sacrifice!" She announced, bringing the sacrificial knife down and a cross the man's neck. His blood flowed out, dripping into the bowls by several channels carved into the wood. As he died, he was removed from the alter and another took his place. "Frigg! Freyja! Freyr! To you, we dedicate this sacrifice!"

The final man was brought to the alter and again, Morrigan cut open his throat as he died soundlessly. Or if he made a sound, then it was lost in the chanting and drumbeat that echoed through the air. She finished offering the last man to the gods, "To you Njord! Idun! Baldr! We dedicate this sacrifice!" A great cheer went up as the last man was sacrificed. Painted women and men grabbed the bowls filled with blood and grabbed wickers to dip them in it before they began to move through the army, flicking sacred blood on warriors.

Morrigan approached us, a wicker dipped in blood. There was a slight smile tugging at the edges of her lips as she flicked blood across my face. Instead of moving on, as she likely should have, she flicked blood across the Yule log I had in my hands. The first that would be tossed into the bonfire. Then she leaned in, "Carve a wish upon it."

I blinked at the advice, not sure what she meant. So, she clarified, "It's a tradition. In my homeland. Carve a wish upon the log before throwing it into the fire. It will make sure that the gods will hear that wish," she told me. I had never heard of that before. Probably because most people didn't know how to spell. However, one thing stood out to me.

Homeland. Along with a tradition I had never heard of. I always thought that Morrigan had been born in Denmark, like I was. But I wasn't so sure about that anymore.

I looked down at the piece of wood for a moment, wondering what I would even write upon it. What wish did I have in my heart? That I wanted to win the war? For my family to be safe? For the deaths of Horrik and his bloodline? What wish did I hope the gods to hear? Morrigan moved on before I had a chance to ask any questions further, though I did notice that she hardly sent a few drops in the face of Grimar before moving down the line until the entire army would be blessed with the blood of the sacrificed.

It was as I looked at Grimar, who scowled at Morrigan as she moved on, that I knew what I wanted. I took out my carving knife and carved the runes into the surface of the Yule log. With my wish carved, I stepped forward towards the bonfire that was roaring to life, washing the clearing in light.

I threw the log into the fire, sending up a cloud of sparks up before I reached into my pockets, revealing the carvings I made. "I offer you these, Odin," I told the All-Father, looking at the carvings. I suppose, given they were my first attempts, they couldn't be considered that bad. They were still of poor craftsmanship. I hoped the All-Father didn't mind. I tossed them into the fire where their surface started to blacken, becoming fuel for the fire that would burn for twelve days and nights.

Then I looked up into the sky, seeing the sparks raise up and fade away.

I knew exactly what I wanted.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 902 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 22, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Traps and Plots
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 1, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,071
"It looks like disease," I observed from my position on the watchtower, looking out at the Franks that were hurrying their dead to a large grave. Next to me, King Widukind stood, most of his body protected by the stone rampart, but standing next to him was a warrior that had his shield raised. Just in case someone tried to assassinate the Saxon King. Well outside of the effective range for the average archer, I saw a trail of soldiers that were carrying bodies to the large hole that was being dug. It was slow going -- the cold made the ground tough, almost like stone.

"How many have fallen?" King Widukind asked me, his gaze on the Franks as they toiled.

"I've seen them bring out near a hundred bodies," I told him, catching his attention. "There may be more still in the trenches, but I can't say from here," I admitted. I had come up to this tower most days to practice my carving, hoping to earn Crafting experience. The rest of my time was spent working on the plan to defeat the Franks, or getting lessons from Otto. I now spoke Frankish as well as any Frank, and I was as fluent as I could be in Latin. Meaning, altogether, I spoke Norse, Germanic, Frankish, and Latin.

"A hundred dead won't turn the tides of a battle," King Widukind uttered, and I could see his mind racing. That was likely true. I wasn't certain how much a hundred men would matter in a battle of thousands. The Franks, to my knowledge, matched our numbers. However, they simply weren't attacking. Meaning, that if we wanted to leave, then we needed to attack them and they were well prepared for such a thing. Or so they thought.

"Perhaps, but if a hundred more are ill?" I questioned, offering a small shrug of my shoulders. Thorkell had spoken at length about sieges and their terrors. How sickness spread through the densely packed men like a foul spirit, making men puke and shit themselves until they died. It seemed like a terrible way to die. For the most part, we had avoided such things because of how spread out people were in the city. Though, we had lost some to a pox.

To prevent the spread and save those that were ill, we made offerings to the gods and they must have heard us, because most had recovered.

King Widukind was silent, simply placing a hand on the rampart and a ring on his finger tapping against the stone. "Spring is almost upon us," King Widukind observed. There was still frost and snow, but the bitter chill of winter was no more. Each day, it was getting warmer and soon, the snow would recede and be replaced with fields of grass. "It is earlier than what we planned, but we are ready." He continued, speaking to himself. "The only danger is a cold snap."

Sometimes winter deceived men. I had experienced it once when I was much younger -- young enough that I didn't really understand the danger until now. Back on my family's farm, a winter had ended early -- the weather had quickly warmed up, the snow vanished, and spring came early. Many farmers -- including my father -- had decided to sow the fields because of it. Only for the trick to be revealed weeks later when the cold returned in full force, killing the crops before they could sprout.

I never made the connection before, I realized as I stared out at the Franks. But it had been that same year that my eldest brother had fallen ill and died.

"Our stores have held out," I voiced. We wintered in Frankfurt in comfort. The animals were all slaughtered as the winter progressed, and while many did not get to eat as much they would like, even with our rationings no one went hungry. Because of that, our food stores were lower than anyone would like, but we had enough to feed the army for another two months. Longer if we stretched it thin.

King Widukind made a noise of acknowledgment, "Your witch's charms worked wonders to keep the rats out." His finger continued tapping, "We have the food for a march. It'll slow us down, but even if there is a cold snap, we could see it through. If there isn't, then we would have an early start to this year of war."

"Is it worth the risk?" I asked him, wanting an answer so my men could prepare. To that, I was answered with more silence before King Widukind looked at me, his gaze measuring. His finger stopped tapping and as I met his gaze, I saw that the Saxon King had visibly aged over the winter. More wrinkles gathered around his eyes, his brow had frowning lines, and the spots of gray at his temples had grown larger while spots of white appeared in his beard. It seemed like he had aged a decade instead of wintered in relative comfort.

"How many men can you call to your banner? The real number, please," King Widukind requested, stopping me from uttering a lie. He gave me a tired smile when he saw it. "I'm not deaf or blind, Wolf-Kissed. I know of your feud with Grimar."

"Which you ignored when you invited him," I retorted, an edge in my tone that made King Widukind's smile fall.

"I did," he admitted without shame or hesitation. "Because it was more convenient for me to do so. Horrik is a snake, but he's a man with cunning. He offered me something that I could not resist, even if it earned me your ire -- men. You are a raven-feeder, that is true. But you alone can't keep thousands men at bay. And that is what I needed to win this war."

I worked my jaw at that -- part of me was indignant and angry at him for so blatantly admitting it. That he knew it would anger me and he did it all the same. Another part of me respected his honesty, because I already knew the truth and he hadn't tried to lie about it. Another part tried to see it from his position, but that was something I struggled to do. "In exchange for what?" I asked him, suspecting the answer.

My head.

"He would give me a thousand men for a year in exchange for three things -- I do not come to the aid of King Godfred, at the end of the year, I release the men to attack him from behind… and that I ensure that you die during the war." He told me and, very suddenly, the soldier next to King Widukind seemed extremely nervous.

I narrowed my eyes, "You sent me into Francia unsupported." To raid. I never forgot what Thorkell said -- dead mercenaries didn't need to be paid. I thought that's what it was, but it could have been part of a larger plot to have me killed using the Frankish army.

"Because you did not need support," King Widukind said, and I searched his face. He didn't have a tell, but that didn't mean it was the whole truth. His gaze was steadfast and even. "The norns intend to tell quite a story with you. I doubt that they intend to cut your life short by having you fall to a stray arrow." Meaning that he wasn't trying to get me killed, merely putting me in dangerous situations because he expected me to survive them and inflict heavy damage on the Franks. Which I did, proving him right.

"So, I ask you, Siegfried -- how many men can you muster?" He asked me, and I saw what he was really asking. How many men had I stolen from Grimar over the course of the winter?

"Between eight and five hundred," I answered with honesty. "The mercenaries see their fortune fighting for me. Men that have families back in Denmark have proven resistant." I had taken a full fourth of Grimar's army. The three hundred difference came from the men that I had recruiting amongst the Norse while I was raiding in Francia.

King Widukind acknowledged that with a nod, "I will not oppose you if you challenge Grimar to a duel, but I do ask that you wait to do so. At least until we have broken the siege. With his death, we will lose a portion of the army and I intend to use them to the best of my ability." His gaze grew heavy and a frown rugged at his lips, "They will be honored with a position in the vanguard. Their losses will be heavy. When you make your challenge, he will not outnumber you two to one."

I told Grimar that he would not live to see the end of winter. And it was not yet Spring.

"Agreed," I decided, making the deal. My heart was cold to the men that would be lost. For their families that would mourn them. I had no pity or remorse in my heart -- they chose to fight with a man that I had a blood feud with. They picked their side. And for it, they would die.

"Begin the preparations. The time for war is once more upon us."

…

"We are to hide away with the women and children, are we?" Morrigan asked, her tone scornful as the army made preparations for battle. Frankfurt saw a hustle and bustle that it had missed since we took the town over. A hand was on her cocked hip, and she had a dangerous tilt to her head -- after months of living with her in relative close quarters, I knew that stance. And even if I didn't, it seemed dangerously similar to the poses struck by mother and Ida when my father was a few choice words away from an argument.

"Do… you wish to fight?" I asked Morrigan, trying to picture her with a spear in hand. I think she would be good with one, but I struggled to see her as a shieldmaiden. Shieldmaidens fought together and cooperation was… not Morrigan's strong suit. Her golden eyes narrowed at me, almost taking my words as a challenge, but I wasn't entirely certain why.

"I wish to be of use," Morrigan decided, crossing her arms over her chest, making the gold bands clink together. "I am not content to watch on from the sidelines because if this plan of yours does not work, it will be my neck on the line." Her gaze went to a balcony that overlooked the city of Frankfurt. It was almost unrecognizable from when we had first arrived. More than half of the buildings had been destroyed, salvaging what wood and nails that we could.

In their place were barricades and fortifications. It wasn't quite a palisade, but it wasn't that far off either. The fortifications were focused at the gates with fallback points, paths cleared out for speed and all of these paths led to a single point at the heart of the city. Earthworks were put in place -- mounds of displaced dirt and stone were put up to help secure the fortifications. All of which were currently hiding under a layer of white snow that soon enough would be dyed red.

"What do you have in mind?" I decided to ask, thinking that it was safer than having to guess. Morrigan offered a slight smile at that, one that was sharp enough to cut.

"To be proactive," Morrigan answered without pause. "We secure what is ours first and foremost. There are other ways out of the city. When the battle begins, I and Jill shall make our escape instead of waiting in line with everyone else." Ah. She didn't want to help with the battle, but to help herself. That made more sense. "Do not look at me so. T'is a simple matter of practicality. What is ours must come first. I understand you feel some level of loyalty to King Widukind, but do not be blinded by it."

My lips curled into a frown, "You think he intends to betray us?"

"No. He seeks to use you. As he has throughout this war. He will put you in impossible positions as often as he can because it benefits him to do so. You are a weapon to be wielded against his enemies -- we benefit as well, true, but the more you succeed, the more danger you shall face. Until one day, it will be too much and you will fail. Perhaps you may not lose your life, but not dying isn't the same as winning." Morrigan stepped closer, her voice low and her eyes almost glowing with intensity.

Her words echoed some of my own thoughts. As wells as the most obvious example -- King Widukind used Grimar and his men. The moment that their value decreased to him, he didn't hesitate to offer Grimar to me.

"In this battle, where are you?" Morrigan questioned and I worked my jaw for a moment.

"The rearguard," I answered, making her point for her.

"The last to leave," Morrigan noted, her eyes narrowing. "The reason why traits such as loyalty and compassion are valued is that they make fools pliable to the ambitions of the cunning and ruthless. And have no doubt, Siegfried, King Widukind is cunning and ruthless. Aid him for as long as it benefits, but never, ever, dare to believe that he has your best interests in mind."

Morrigan had always made her opinion known. She desired to leave Frankfurt -- Saxony -- and continue onto Miklagard. She felt that we gained all that we could from working with King Widukind. I disagreed. In the short term, she was correct. We gained much and we were risking it by staying. However, in the long view… King Charlemagne needed to be curtailed. He needed to be stopped. Otherwise, he very well might continue up to Denmark, killing every pagan that he saw.

And once the Frankish aggression was stopped and King Widukind could rein in peace…

I would have an ally when I returned for the Danish throne.

"You're right," I decided, nodding to her. "Make the preparations. I'll give you some of my men to help," I told her and Morrigan offered a rare smile.

"Good. You see reason," Morrigan said with what sounded like genuine relief. I think that she expected me to dig my heels in more. I opened my mouth to respond, only to be interrupted by the sound of the door opening, revealing Jill. She seemed a bit startled the moment that her eyes landed on me, freezing in place as if she were about to step back and retreat from the room.

Things had not been well between me and Jill. In a fit of irony, things between Jill and Morrigan were far better. There was no arguing or shouting of any kind, but it felt like a gulf had opened up between us, or that a huge insurmountable wall had been built. Our interactions were stilted, and I knew for a fact that she took efforts to avoid me. Morrigan, however, seemed thoroughly unsurprised by the interruption.

"T'is fortunate timing, Jill. Siegfried here is off to war yet again. Undoubtedly, the fool will insist on putting himself in excessive danger simply because nothing has managed to kill him yet." Morrigan remarked, earning a frown from me. "If there is anything to be said between you, t'is the time. For who knows what the morrow brings?" She questioned and… given the number of fortunes I had heard her give to my men, that was probably the very last thing you wanted to hear from someone who claimed they could see the threads of Fate.

That thought was pushed to the side in favor of focusing on something alarming. Was Morrigan… trying to play peacekeeper? Was she sick?

My gaze slid to Jill to see her looking at Morrigan with a very dull expression, unimpressed with the rather transparent attempt at manipulation. When her gaze flickered back to me, I saw Jill swallow thickly before she stepped forward, her hands clasped in front of her. "Siegfried…" She started, saying my name with confidence before trailing off, her expression tightening.

If I had to use a word to describe Jill, the word meek came to mind. She was shy for the most part -- when she wasn't arguing with Morrigan -- and soft spoken. She didn't seem like someone that could handle pressure very well. Yet, as she stared at me, I saw a steel in her eyes that I had seen only once before. Though I had been drunk and poisoned at the time, so I didn't recall it well. How she gazed at me now, I could easily believe that she could confront a room full of warriors and a brother that had terrorized her.

"I've made my peace," Jill told me, walking forward, her tone firm but grim with an edge of sorrow. I knew what she spoke of, watching her approach. "I betrayed my family," she stated in no uncertain terms, a fact that she shied away from every time it was brought up. "I don't know if I regret it or not," she admitted and I stiffened ever so slightly.

"I don't regret saving you, but I… do lament what it cost," Jill clarified, seeing my expression. "But it has cost me and what's done is done. This is the path I chose, and I am determined to see it through. With you, Siegfried," she told me, stating her feelings outright. I couldn't say that it's what I wanted to hear per se -- but what I wanted was completely impossible. I couldn't deny that her choosing to help me had cost her something.

Still, "I'm glad, Jill." I told her and I saw a tension ease out of Jill, almost as if she was expecting rejection. "I-" I started, only to be interrupted by a horn blast that made my attention snap to the balcony. The signal. The sound would carry over the walls, alerting the Franks to what was happening. It's what we wanted. Glancing back at Jill, I saw that her expression was dismayed.

Reaching out, I lightly took her hand and gave it a small squeeze, "I'll be back soon enough, and we can discuss everything then. I promise," I told her, earning a small squeeze of my hand back as she nodded.

"Then I will await your return," she decided, sounding like she wanted to say a great deal more but understood that there wasn't the time for it. Battle was calling. "May the gods favor you, Siegfried. So you can return home," Jill added, giving my hand one final squeeze.

Home.

Casting a meaningful look at Morrigan, I nodded before I made my exit to the villa that we had wintered in. I steeled my mind and my heart for the battle to come and when I headed onto the streets, I saw that they were in a flurry of activity. The horn gave the signal that we would be fighting, but to prove it, we were giving battle, people were marching up to the walls. For the first time in a season, they were manned and the Saxons were battering their shields while calling out challenges to the Franks.

I ignored the noise while I marched to my starting position in front of the gate. At the mouth of the gate were fortifications that almost mirrored the ones that the Franks built. Around the gate, in a U formation, was a trench that was filled with sharpened sticks. That trench led up to an earth wall that was braced against a palisade. One part of the fortification was left deliberately weaker than the other parts and the hope was that the Franks would recognize that weakness.

King Widukind's plan was meticulous. The goal wasn't to relieve the siege, not really. We hadn't heard anything about the other Frankish army that had been marched up at the tail end of autumn. As of right now, the Frankish armies were separated, but they wouldn't remain so forever. We couldn't hope to defeat an army of ten thousand, if not more. However, fighting two fights of five thousand each?

That was possible, but only if we absolutely crushed the Frankish army here. It wasn't enough to just break the siege. We needed to slaughter the enemy while taking as few losses as possible to ensure that we had enough strength to continue fighting. It was for that reason that the Franks would be allowed to enter the city instead of us fighting from the walls, where it was safe.

The plan was crafted to deal as much damage as possible to the Franks. How well it would work remained to be seen. Which was part of why I was in the rearguard, so to speak, to ensure that the army had enough time to withdraw.

"It's going to be a long day," Thorkell remarked, scratching at his beard as he stood next to me, an axe braced against his shoulder.

"Aye, it is," I agreed, feeling a heavy weight on my shoulders as I rested a hand on an axe at my belt while I carried a bow in the other. My archers were arranged around the gate, allowing complete coverage. Each had three quivers each with orders to withdraw from their position the moment that they ran out. "I've never fought a defensive battle before," I remarked, hearing another horn blow.

"It's a nice change from being on the offensive. Get to hide behind a wall, for one," Thorkell remarked while a cheer went up that nearly downed out the sound of a horn blasting two more times. The signal that the Franks were giving battle and making their own preparations. "Not sure how you're going to like it, though. Part of the reason why you win is that you carve a line through the enemy, breaking their formation, and exposing the poor bastards that weren't in the fight."

I hummed in response, acknowledging the point. I've heard as much before. It was a big departure to how I normally fought -- I couldn't break the enemy by destroying their formation. Instead, I had to be an impenetrable wall that the enemy broke themselves on. King Widukind walked me through what was expected and I was as prepared as I could be.

It was sometime later that I heard the first sounds of combat -- the shouting of warriors and the thrums of bowstrings, letting arrows loose. The walls became alive with activity as the Saxons taunted the Franks, calling them every foul name under the sun, and beckoning them to attack. It was some time later that the Franks managed to reach the walls, climbing up on ladders or making the front gate buck as a ram slammed into it.

Runners came and went, telling me what was going on because coordination was key in this battle. The Franks were making light attacks on the walls, mostly to spread our forces out while they concentrated on the gates. A clever tactic, but one that wasn't entirely unexpected. And, so far, the attacks on the walls had been repelled fairly easily with the Franks unable to get a foothold yet.

I stood where I was, a knot of tension between my shoulder blades as I watched the wood gate buck again and again and again. Each time, the wood splintered a bit more. All the while, I waited for the sound of a horn blast to alert me to the next step of the plan. It came not long after. A sharp note ringing through the air, telling the Saxons on the walls to begin abandoning their positions. They moved down into the city, at their own designated positions. It was calm and organized, allowing the Franks to gain a foothold on the walls.

Near the same time, the wood gate in front of me suffered a fatal crack, bending inward before with a final heave, the gate swung open. My bow was up and as the very first Frankish soldier entered the city, I put an arrow in his throat. His body was trampled under a tide of Franks, and if they were surprised to see the fortifications, they couldn't show it. The Franks outside of the city were pushing them forward toward us and they had to move or they would be crushed.

My archers let loose a stream of arrows, feathering the men that entered the city. Their protective gambesons did little to stop the arrows and one by one, they fell forward. The dirt in front of us was already becoming a thick muck as so many people rushed towards us, mixing with the blood. In no time at all, the Franks were pushing into the trench and climbing up on the earthworks to get to us.

The arrows ran out almost too quickly, I found as I picked up a spear that had been placed beforehand, tipping the point down and skewering a man in the chest with a broad leaf-shaped tip. All across the wall, my men were doing the same -- stabbing down at the Franks that were trying to surmount the fortifications.The air became heavy with the scent of blood -- a familiar smell at this point -- and the sounds of war. I kept a close eye on the weak point in the fortifications, watching as the Franks realized they were having more success there and started pressing it.

Making a decision, I brought a horn that was hanging around my neck to my lips and blew out the signal -- two short blows and one long one. A signal to my men and the messengers that were running and back and forth. In response, my men started to abandon their positions even though we could have held out a bit longer. Some withdrew with more grace than others, and my lips thinned when I saw a man fall to a stab in the back because he simply turned around to flee.

But, for the most part, they were able to withdraw and run down the paths that were laid out for them for a quick exit. The Franks started to clamor over the earthwall, throwing themselves over to secure it. They chose to help those behind them rather than choosing to chase us, giving my men the time they needed to get to the next set of fortifications.

Grabbing the rope that was tossed over the side, I climbed up the earthworks and in the distance, I heard more horns blowing. Same pattern as mine. So far, our retreat was more or less in sync. As a warrior pulled the rope so that the Franks couldn't use it, I brought the horn to my lips -- Two long blows, meaning that we were at the second position. The fight for the walls was mostly won by the Franks as the Saxons withdrew from them.

The Saxons that were on the walls were now behind the dirt and wood fortifications. It might have seemed like a harsh downgrade, but the positioning was deadly as it meant we could bring our numbers down on the Franks while they couldn't do the same to us. Throughout Frankfurt, I heard sounds of fighting. None of the Franks on the walls had bows and arrows, so they resorted to throwing down their spears. One even threw a boot. They were bottlenecked and guided, forced down paths of least resistance to engage in prepared positions.

Ahead of me, the Franks continued towards us, crawling over the fortifications like ants. At the position where I now stood, deeper inside of Frankfurt and away from the walls, there were five quivers at my feet. I wasted no time nocking an arrow and letting it loose. In response, the Franks raised their shields, choosing to march in a formation, but it mattered little. My men and I were marksmen. I could see their trajectories, each one lining up shots that would kill. One by one, the Franks dropped and their formation splintered under their slow advance, now sensing the trap that they were already in.

I heard a horn blast when I was barely more than three quivers in. I paused and my stomach clenched when I heard two more long blasts following it. That meant that another group had retreated to the third position already. Meaning that we were out of sync. We had bled the Franks at this position, but nowhere near as badly as we had intended to. This fortification didn't possess a weakness. It was here that we were meant to hold them for a time.

"Damn it," I cursed, bringing the horn to my lips and blowing. My men seemed confused by it, but they obeyed all the same. The Franks hadn't even managed to make it up the earthwall before we were moving on, heading to the final position. The first two were meant to engage the Franks, draw them in and make them commit while bleeding them all the way. Now, we headed to where we would fight it out.

The last part of the earthworks were the most expansive by far. A large defensive ring that was focused on a single point. It wasn't anywhere near large enough to house the thousands of men that we possessed, not even close. However, it didn't need to house that many. Only a thousand or so.

As I took up my final position, I looked within the defensive ring that was set up near the city center to see the opening that had been dug out. Over the winter, tunnels were made for this day. Each one was precisely measured out by King Widuking himself. They went in a number of directions, but what was important was the fact that they not only went underneath the stone walls of Frankfurt, but they went behind the enemy lines.

While their focus was on the city, thousands of men finished off the tunnels to attack the Franks from the rear, flooding their fortifications. I had no way to know how the fighting was progressing outside of the city, but based on how I was seeing men pour through the tunnel entrance, it seemed to be going well.

The rearguard settled in. I notched an arrow, firing at the Franks that were completely oblivious as to what was happening. For a third time, the Franks rushed to meet us, feathered by arrows for every step that they took. My jaw clenched when I saw more of the arrows missed than not, telling me that I had gone over the 5% archers for my warriors. All the same, as more Franks started to stream forward, hundreds upon hundreds of them, it mattered little because of how densely packed they were.

They struck the fortifications with almost thunderous force, clamoring at the palisade that was erected and trying to climb up, only to be rebuffed by spears and arrows. There were more of them than I would like, I thought, seeing the pathways that we traveled filling up with men that were baying for our blood. I fired arrow after arrow, killing man after man, but it hardly seemed to make a dent in their numbers for they were so tightly packed that the bodies refused to fall.

Over the scent of blood in the air, I smelled smoke. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the dancing of flames as a building was set on fire, thick black smoke billowing upward. I couldn't tell if that had been us or the Franks. It didn't matter. Thorkell was at my side, stabbing down with his spear before he looked at me, "How much longer?" He asked me, a tightness in his eyes.

I glanced over my shoulder to see that men were still pouring into the entrance…

And just in time to see them panic. My throat started to close when I felt a shifting under my feet, a slight vibration that seemed out of place and not a second later, a huge plum of dust erupted from the entrance to the tunnels and my stomach started to do flips within me. Even before I heard someone scream it, I knew what that meant.

We were trapped in Frankfurt with an army of Franks.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 844 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 1, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Blood Debts
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 8, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,120
Was this intentional? It was my first thought as the plum of dust drifted upwards, the tunnel completely collapsing as far as I could tell. My mind raced, a thousand different thoughts running through my brain as I gazed at the collapsed tunnel, my jaw was slack with shock and I was frozen with indecision. Perhaps it was arrogant to assume that someone was willing to kill upward of a thousand men just to kill me, but it sure felt like an assassination attempt. Grimar? King Widukind?

King Widukind didn't make sense. I knew he wanted to use me and he wouldn't waste men like this in an assassination attempt. Not when he was in the middle of a war in which he was already outnumbered at the start. Grimar seemed more likely but I'm not sure how he would have managed this. He was the first one through the tunnel, a deadly position to be in. Had the tunnel just collapsed because people weren't careful when they ran through it? Did the last of the work digging the tunnel out make it collapse?

"Siegfried!" Thorkell shouted at me, an arrow thumping into a wood post next to him, a stark reminder that our retreat wasn't just cut off. It was cut off and we were surrounded by Franks. My gaze snapped to him to see that his expression was stern, but desperation shone in his eyes. He understood how dangerous our position was even better than I did. And he was looking to me for guidance.

"I-" I started, looking out at the Franks to see that they were incoming. Our position was well fortified but we were already feeling the full weight of the Franks that were coming to bear on the palisades. The collapse of our retreat sent a shockwave in the morale of our men and I saw that they were openly wearing expressions of despair and fear even as they fought. The only reason why they weren't running was that there was nowhere to run.

I had never been in this position before, I realized. A position where a single wrong move would lead me to absolute destruction. I was trapped and there was no way out. We were completely surrounded, the Franks were on the verge of overwhelming us, and… I didn't know what to do. Fear shot cool chills down my spine because I didn't know what to do. I was the one that wanted to look around and ask what should be done but I found everyone elses eyes on me. I-

Quest: Escape from Frankfurt
Bonus Objective: Escape with more than 50% of your men
Reward: 1 Boon perk.

My heart was pounding at my ribs, completely frozen with indecision, the pressure mounting on my shoulders as hundreds of lives hinged on the next decision that I made. I could feel everything that I had been working for and possessed slipping through my fingers like grains of sand. Just as everything looked to be its bleakest, the gods answered a prayer that I hadn't even known that I gave. They gave me a quest that possessed the answer.

"We break through," I spoke, a sense of confidence and certainty in my voice that I didn't feel. My grip tightened on my weapons, I forced myself to control my breathing but I could do nothing about my pounding heart that was about to burst through my chest. "We aren't fighting all of the Franks. We push through at a single point and make for the exit."

Thorkell's lips thinned at that, glancing at the Franks that were pressing down on us from every side now. We hadn't bled them anywhere near enough before falling back to this position. Some of the Franks would be fighting outside of the city but the bulk of their army was inside of Frankfurt if that part of the plan had gone smoothly. "It won't work," Thorkell voiced, an odd note in his voice that I hadn't heard before.

Reluctant acceptance.

"It will if some of the men cover our retreat," I voiced, knowing what I was saying. It was as good as killing them myself. Anyone that stayed behind, with these numbers, were going to be killed. I didn't know if even I could withstand such an onslaught. I fought better than most but it wouldn't even matter. They just had to swarm me until I collapsed under the weight of their numbers. In response, Thorkell's eyes hardened but I could see that he saw the merit from the god given plan. Even if he didn't like it.

"The men are fighting now because they have no choice. Staying and fighting when an exit opens up is a tall order, Siegfried," Thorkell told me, his voice low and grim. He was right about that.

There wasn't a choice.

"You lead the men out of the city, Thorkell. I'll stay behind and guard the rear," I instructed, the indecision bleeding away from me. I knew what I had to do now. I had perks that would make a defensive battle stronger, but they wouldn't magically win the battle for us. What it would do was make us last long enough to cover the retreat. After that, we could try to make a run for it but… I doubted that anyone would make it. I harbored doubts that I could make it. "Hug the wall and focus on a single path. Push through and don't stop."

There was no time for elaborate plans or even dramatic speeches. The battle was already well underway. I couldn't shout louder than the screams of war -- of rage and death or the clashing of arms. There was no way I could collect volunteers to see who was willing to stay and who wasn't. There was no right way to do this. There was only the smart way.

"Gods be with you, Siegfried. You aren't destined to die here so make sure you don't," Thorkell stated, accepting the order. He saw that it was the only way to get out. Even if it meant we were sacrificing men to do it.

"I'll see you soon enough, Thorkell," I swore to him, clasping an offered forearm before I stepped away from the man to follow through on my end. The plan was overwhelmingly simple, so much so that it didn't even require words to convey. I could feel everyone's eyes on me when they weren't fighting, expecting me to save them all or salvage the situation. It was a crushing weight to know that I couldn't. Not for all of them.

Because they were looking at me, they would see what I did. The actions that I took. And those actions were to take a position at the front of the main entryway where I started killing. The men beside me took heart that I was standing with them, regardless if they were clueless on if there was a plan or not. They simply assumed that there was one and they were included into it.

It felt like a betrayal, I thought to myself, stabbing down at a Frank, catching him in the throat with a leaf-shaped spear. Blood spurted out with force and as soon as the blade struck true, I brought my arms back to stab back down again. The very worst kind of betrayal. The words wanted to leave my lips, the truth wanted to come out because I could feel it. The moment I took a position at the front, the men around me fought harder. They fought with confidence. They fought that way because they thought I would deliver them from this mess.

And I wasn't going to. I condemned them to die. As sure enough as if I had swung the axe myself, everyone that I was fighting beside was going to die before the day was out. I could feel it. The only balm that my soul could find in this mess was that I was at least fighting beside them, but that too was tainted by the fact that I was using that faith in my abilities -- that I was favored by the gods -- to trick them into staying.

With me at the head, some orders did go out. Our soldiers started to dig in, rebuffing the Franks that fought to clamor up our walls, thinking that this was where we would make our escape. The Franks, on the other hand, fought for blood. I could see it in their eyes as they fought to climb up the ramparts, grasping at the spears when they stabbed down, trying to rip them out of our hands and take us over the edge. They came into the city expecting an easy victory. Then they encountered our barricades and how we bled them.

More than that, while I heard nothing, I suspected that the Frank general had given the order to retreat into the city to protect them from the army that emerged from the tunnels. Meaning that we were a threat that had to be eliminated so they could safely retreat. Funny how that turned out.

Some of the Franks got creative -- throwing flaming logs and oil soaked rags at the palisade in hope of starting a fire. They had some success, but even as parts of the palisade began to burn, our people fought on in a desperate melee, doing as much damage as we could while they slowly whittled down our defenses. "Hold the line!" I shouted at the top of my lungs, the familiar feeling of blood spraying across my face when a Frank lunged at me with a dirk in hand, his head flying free as his body fell back.

Even as I said the words, I knew it was impossible. Off to my left, I saw a burnt chunk of wood snap under the pressure, the Franks eagerly ripping it down to flood into our fortifications. I cursed under my breath, sweat and blood dripping down my face as I was forced to reposition myself to plug up the hole. It wouldn't win the battle, I was forced to remind myself, pushing through men that were desperately fighting. Hands reached out to touch me as I did, as if I offered divine protection.

In hindsight, that's probably what gave me away when I felt something slam into my upper back. I jerked forward, glancing down to see an arrow sticking out just below my collarbone. I blinked at it, more confused than anything. How did I not see it- oh. It hit me in the back and punched its way through to the front. My head whipped around to see the archer that did it -- a man standing on a burning building with a bow in hand. Even as our eyes met, I saw he was going to notch another arrow, intent on killing me.

I beat him to it. I lacked a bow, but flipping my axe so I could grab the butt of it, I lined up the Projectile Prediction, and flung it like I was cracking a whip. It flew through the air, crossing the distance in a quick second, and slammed into the man's forehead deep enough the edge was likely touching the back of his skull. His corpse fell to the side, his body breaking through the fragile roofing and his corpse fell into the flames that consumed the building.

I couldn't see a prediction of a projectiles path if it was shot from behind me. That was a dangerous weakness that I had never really considered.

"You," I said, grabbing a man and turning my back to him. "Break this," I instructed, grabbing hold of the tip of the arrow. There was a small pause before I felt him grab onto the shaft of the arrow and there was a flash of pain when he snapped it. Then the wound began to throb when I ripped the arrow out. It hurt, but I wasn't having any trouble breathing, so my lungs were fine. I think. In any case, I couldn't let the wound slow me down.

"Anything else, Wolf-Kissed?" The man asked me, and there was awe in his tone. My gaze went down to the weapon he had in his hand.

"Your axe," I said, holding out a hand and he was all too eager to give it to me. I tested its weight to find that it was a good axe. Blade was sharp and the balance was good.

"It's an honor, Wolf-Kissed! We'll either win the day or sup with the gods tonight!" The man laughed, following me into the breach to see that the Franks were making a desperate push into our position, trying to overrun it, only to be greeted by me as I arrived. My wound throbbed with pain with each swing of my axes, the blood that soaked my tunic wasn't solely the blood of my enemies. And despite the injury, I found myself fighting harder, or perhaps it was because of it that it was taking more out of me.

All the same, with each swing of my axes, I felled a man. If the initial blow didn't kill him, then he would die crushed underneath a veritable wall of bodies that fell on top of him when I plugged the gap with corpses of Franks. It was as I was standing on top of them that I saw it -- Thorkell gave the signal. En masse, a number of men began to push out of our fortifications, momentarily confusing our allies, until I shouted at the top of my lungs. "Hold strong! We have to cover their retreat!" I shouted the words I knew would condemn hundreds of brave men to their deaths.

Because we had to keep the Franks eyes on us. If they brought the full weight of their numbers on those escaping, without the palisades, they would be slowed and grinded away until they were nothing. My shouts carried to those that were around me, convincing them to stay and fight, but those on the fringes were quick to join Thorkell in a retreat.

Still, all the same, a great many men stayed behind. Hundreds. I didn't even have time to count, but I could eyeball them from where I stood -- around seven hundred were pushing out and leaving behind three hundred to fight with me.

With death hanging over their heads, Thorkell's warriors made a quick escape, pushing through the Franks with sheer weight of numbers. The smoke and fire obscured the action because I didn't see the Franks responding to the breakout. Before long, they pushed out, vanishing from eyesight, and I was forced to hope that they were making their escape. Which left me and three hundred brave warriors fighting to the last man. Our defenses were thinned considerably, and it felt like I was bouncing between holes in the line, pushing the Franks back as we were slowly whittled away.

The sun started to make an arc across the sky, which was the only passage of time that I could see. My lungs burned with effort, my muscles ached, and my stomach felt like it was consuming itself with hunger. Worst of all was the throbbing wound that burned as if someone was pressing a red hot iron to my flesh. I still fought on, giving it my all to take as many Franks as I possibly could, an odd desperate hope that they would just give up in the face of so many slain men. But they seemed to fight with the same kind of desperation that we faced.

Then I saw it. As I wiped blood from my eyes, standing on top a mountain of corpses, off in the distance I saw it. It was almost as if my gaze had been drawn to it because of how completely and utterly out of place it was.

It was Jill. She was standing on a familiar balcony, waving a blue flag that stood against the smoke and dull colors. There was a desperate expression on her face, waving the flag with such force I thought her arms would fly off, desperate to be noticed.

How did she- did she sneak back into- no. No, this was a message. She was…

There was another way out, I realized. I'm not sure where it was, but my guess was that there was a secret tunnel in the villa. We could escape. We just had to get to the villa, get through the secret tunnel, and ideally collapse it behind us.

"Men!" I shouted, looking at the defenders. I didn't know how long we had been fighting, but it was long enough to sap their strength. I saw it on their faces -- they knew that they weren't getting out and some faced that fact with much more grace than others. "Follow me! We're leaving!" I shouted, igniting a spark of hope in them and despite how utterly weary I was, I led the charge. The men scrambled behind me and pushed me forward, leaving me to act as the tip of the spear to push through the Franks. Who seemed wholly unprepared for us to leave the fortifications that we had defended with such zeal.

Everything became a blur of action. My head begun to feel light as more of my life blood seeped out of me. My fighting was starting to get sloppy, I realized when I took a slash that I should have been able to block across my forearm. All the same, I pushed through the Franks, the men desperately pushing me onward even as they were whittled down and exhausted.

The very last thing that I expected was to be greeted by Norse warriors attacking the Franks from behind as we neared the villa. Jill brought warriors with her. They blocked off a street, pushing back the Franks to meet us, and I managed to carve a line to them. They turned the villa into a rough fortress, welcoming us in. To my shame, I felt like I was going to collapse the moment I stepped through the doorway. I might have if it wasn't for Jill crossing the distance and propping me up with a hug, making my wounds sting.

"What are you doing here, Jill?" I asked her, idly realizing that I ruined her dress with blood.

"I couldn't leave you," she told me, her voice firm and concern shone in her eyes. I don't think she had ever seen me like this, I realized. Completely soaked with blood and utterly exhausted. It must be shocking to witness because the warriors within the villa were looking at me with wide eyes and slacked jaws.

"We have to leave this place," I told her. Part of me wanted to scold her for putting herself in danger. That part of me was completely overshadowed by sheer gratitude. Without her, I don't think any of us would have made it out of that position.

"There's a secret tunnel in the cellar," Jill informed me as she led me to it. The men were limping behind me while the fresher warriors barred the doors to slow the Franks that were now battering them down. "Morigan found it. She said that you would be brave enough to stay behind until you were the last man," she told me and her voice was the only thing I could really focus on at the moment, my feet feeling clumsy.

A chuckle escaped me. "I'm betting that she used different words," I remarked.

"It's what she meant," Jill conceded, bringing me to the cellar and I saw a passageway that had been hidden behind a shelf of kegs. Then men followed us down, and I swallowed the shame of being the first through the tunnel. I should be the last one leaving, but I didn't even have the strength to argue against the fact. "The battle outside was won. The Franks were pushed into the city."

"Astolfo?" I questioned, swallowing the taste of copper. I expected to see her during the battle, but she was nowhere to be seen. I thought she might be on the other side of the wall, but Jill shook her head.

"She wasn't here," Jill informed me, and that was alarming, but it was a distant concern.

As I limped through the tunnel, I asked a question that burned in my throat. "Your brother. Did he do this?" I asked Jill, any doubts about her loyalty were gone like most in the face of the morning sun. I saw her face pinch as she half carried me through a stone tunnel supported by wood beams that seemed ancient.

Jill didn't answer for a smalloment, "I don't know, Siegfried. I don't think so -- he's claimed to be innocent, but… I don't know," she confessed, and that was enough for me.

Before we even reached the end of the tunnel, my vision began to dim. The very last thing I heard was Jill calling out my name.

…

Quest Succeeded!
Reward: 1 Boon
Bonus Objective Failed: 56% of army failed to escape.

I opened my eyes to find that they felt like they were covered in sand, making me regret the action immediately. A small groan escaped me as I became aware of the rest of my body -- everything hurt in a way that I hadn't experienced in some time. Every muscle felt like it was pulled, my wounds throbbed with pain, and there was a bone deep exhaustion that cut through it all like a knife.

I failed the bonus objective, I realized, making my lips thin. Succeeding the quest was good, but I would have preferred if I hadn't lost half of the men under my command. Some five hundred and sixty men. A very painful blow.

Despite wanting nothing more than to close my eyes and sleep, I forced my body to move and it fought to disobey the commands to sit up. I saw that I was in a tent. My tent, I realized. The furs were warm against the chill in the air, so I decided to take them with me. My clothes were gone, my flesh scrubbed of blood and my injuries bandaged. Pushing the tent flap to the side, I saw fresh snow on the ground and King Widukind's tent.

My feet were calloused enough that walking on the snow that crunched underfoot only brought a small wince. Ignoring the looks that I got from the soldiers that were milling around, I approached the tent and pushed the flap open to see that it was empty.

"Wolf-Kissed?" I heard a man speak up in Germanic, making me glance over my shoulder to see a Saxon with a long beard looking at me with an expression of apprehension.

"Where is King Widukind?" I questioned, my voice coming out as a growl mostly because of how raw my throat felt.

The soldier opened his mouth, paused, before he grimaced. "It… would be best to show you, my lord," he told me, his expression and voice grim. That made me uneasy, but I offered a curt nod and followed the man through the camp. My strength was slowly returning to me, making me more aware of the tension within the sizable camp. We were in a forest, so we had to be camped outside of Frankfurt. However, as I looked around, I saw anger.

This didn't feel like an army that just won a victory.

People were so lost in their anger that they hardly noticed me as I passed, absorbed in whatever they were doing or their conversations. Those that did notice me looked immensely relieved that I was up and running. I returned their greetings with a nod as I continued to silently follow the soldier.

I smelled it before I saw it. The stench of death and blood. I tried to brace myself for what I was going to see -- I was no stranger to death anymore… but there was no preparing me for what I saw as we walked around a bend some distance away from the camp.

It has once been a grove. A richly decorated one and at the center was a large tree. A very large one. So large that it stood a head and shoulders taller than any tree around it and it would take a dozen of me to wrap my arms around it. It was an incredible sight, but the reason I would never be able to forget the sight wasn't because of the grand tree so great it could be a seedling of Yggdrasil.

Around the base of the tree were severed heads. They were thrown in a great pile at the base of the tree, completely enveloping the base of it and stacked higher than most buildings stood tall. In the groves, which should house offerings to the gods and sacred altars were instead corpses that were piled even higher. All of them stripped naked, showing signs of being beaten and decay, before they were beheaded. My stomach churned at the sight, my jaw dropping as I saw the bodies of children in the pile.

"W-What is this?!" I gasped, feeling bile race up my throat but I swallowed it down, my eyes flickering around as if there was an answer to this atrocity.

"This is what the Franks were up to while we were in Frankfort," the Saxon answered, hard in his voice, walking down to the grove where there were people working on dismantling the piles. That's when I realized something deeply horrifying -- the piles were originally bigger. I swallowed down more bile, passing by a number of people with somber faces as they tried to figure out whose head belonged to what body so they could be burned intact. So that their spirits could be appeased.

I found King Widukind standing in the grove, directly before the tree, and staring at the piles of heads. He barely reacted when the Saxon approached. "My King, the Wolf-Kissed has awoken and he is here." The Saxon said with a bow before stepping back.

There was a breath of silence before King Widukind spoke, "Thank you. Seigfried, stand with me please." He said, gesturing to his side, his voice unlike anything that I had ever heard. I didn't think it was possible to have a silent scream of rage between every word yet sound so calm.

I stood beside him, the image before me seared into my memory. "How many?" I asked him in a low voice and I heard a soft sign come from the King.

"... We don't know," He answered, closing his eyes in pain. "But we have counted three thousand so far. Yet we are not half way through," he informed me. I stilled at the number, realizing that thousands had been butchered in a sacred place. Morrigan. I needed to speak to Morrigan -- perhaps she knew of a magic ritual that could cleanse this place and put the dead to rest. "The army I was mustering outside of Frankfurt is all here. Two thousand of them are here, but the rest… the rest are villagers and townsfolk, dragged here to be butchered. To send a message. To break us."

I glanced at the Saxon King, his expression serene. "Has it?" I asked him, understanding what was said. Saxony had suffered a major defeat -- the loss of two thousand men was going to be felt most keenly by us. The surrounding area had been depopulated. It would take generations for this place to recover, if it ever did. We gave up Frankfurt, and lost at least five hundred men in the process. King Widukind's plan hadn't worked because I proved too effective at raiding.

I don't think I could blame anyone for wanting to surrender.

King Widukind paused for a long minute, silent and still for so long that I thought he wasn't going to answer. "Almost," he confessed. "I considered going to King Charlemagne and offering myself to end the hostilities. The only reason I didn't is that I realized that it wouldn't. We have proven too troublesome. He will break Saxony now, putting as many of us to the sword as he can to make room for his Christians." He voiced, his tone strangled with emotion.

"Then we fight," I decided.

King Widukind nodded slowly, "Then we fight. You did well getting out of the city, Siegfried. I suspect we will need your strength in the coming days," He said, reaching out and placing a hand on my shoulder before he turned around and walked away, an impossible burden on his shoulders. I watched him go for a moment before I turned around to look back at the tree, feeling the scale of what was done wash over me. I knew King Charlemagne hated us, but it was a very different thing to witness the manifestation of that hate.

He'd kill us all if he could, I realized.

I was only broken out of my thoughts when I heard the sound of footsteps approaching from behind. I wasn't overly surprised when I saw Grimar out of the corner of my eye, coming to a stop next to me. Both of us stared at the tree and the butchery. The Saxons were not our people, but they were close enough. They did not deserve this.

"It wasn't me," Grimar told me, his voice flat. "I want you dead, Wolf-Kissed, but not enough to kill a thousand good men with you. You're the only one that has to die," Grimar told me, not looking at me as he spoke.

Strangely enough, I believed him. It was excessive for an assassination attempt.

"Will you stay and fight?" I asked him, my voice decidedly even.

Grimar was silent for a moment, but I saw him nod. "Aye, I will. This… this must be answered in blood and steel. The dead will never find peace otherwise."

"Your family owes me a blood debt, and I will have it paid in full. But… if you'll fight, I will hold off on killing you until the war is won." I told him -- the vengeance in my heart rebelled at the idea, but it was drowned out by anger. Anger at King Charlemagne.

Grimar worked his jaw for a moment, clearly annoyed at the insulation that any blood debt was owed. However, all the same, he nodded again. "Aye. I won't try to kill you until the war is won. Or we are defeated," he said, spitting in his palm and presenting it to me.

I looked up at the man, the son of my enemy…

I spat in my palm and shook his hand all the same.

...

I'm actually surprised how many people assumed that Widukind had betrayed Seig. It would be the equivalent of killing the golden goose, but I guess I threw up a red herring without meaning to. My experience in the construction sector kind of shone through because tunnels are stupidly unstable. Even when you're digging through stone, it's downright easy for the entire thing to come crashing down. So, I figured people would just assume that having thousands of people sprinting through the tunnel caused it to collapse.

On another note, the massacre that took place in this chapter was inspired by a historical event -- the Massacre of Verden. In which King Charlemagne massacred five thousand men at Verden to break the Saxon spirits and punishment for their ongoing rebellion. This version was worse on account of the fact that the Saxons have been getting some licks in. Seig rampaged through the country, sacking every church he comes across, and the Saxons managed to take a major city. Charlemagne has been taking some serious Ls for the first time in his life and this was payback.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 935 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 8, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Nature of Vengeance
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 22, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,178
Morrigan slapped me. Hard. I couldn't even say that I saw the blow coming either, because one moment, I was standing in front of the great tree, watching as the bodies were removed and coming to terms with what I had just agreed to. Then I I heard the furious crunching of snow and by the time I thought to look over, I was greeted by Morrigan's palm as it struck me with enough force that I nearly toppled over. Still unsteady from my injuries my injuries, I staggered a step, the harsh sound ringing out jarringly in the quiet and somber grove.

Morrigan's expression was twisted into a furious snarl, her hand clenching into a fist that trembled with white knuckles, huffs of fog escaping her nostrils as she glared at me with golden eyes that were filled to the absolute brim with fury. "Fool!" She shouted as I rubbed my tenderized cheek. That hurt. "You damned fool!" I thought she might take another swing, but instead she stomped away from me in a huff. I watched her back, still rubbing my cheek, seeing the restraint that she was displaying because her posture told me that she wanted nothing more than to slap me again.

"Ha!" I heard someone bark a laugh, and to my relief, when I made to shoot a glare at whoever did laugh, it was Thorkell. One of the first things that I noticed was that he also hadn't escaped unscathed. There was a bandage on his face, over one eye. Still, he wore an easy smile as he approached, the loss in vision seemingly not bothering him any. "That's a fine woman right there. The good ones always know when to smack some sense into their men," he continued as he approached, reaching out a hand and we clasped firearms. "Glad to see you're in one piece, Seig."

I was glad to be in one. "Are you?" I asked him, my gaze lingering on his eye patch, but Thorkell waved me off.

"I still have the eye," Thorkell confirmed. "Took a blade to the white of it, but it's too early to tell if I'll get to see through it. It's a small price to pay. We were lucky to leave that city at all." He remarked, looking me over for any obvious signs of injury. I had a number of nicks and cuts, some worse than others, but they had been stitched or burned close. The worst was the arrow I took, but beyond the pain I felt when I moved my arm, I seemed to be whole.

Still, the potential loss of an eye was no small thing, even if Thorkell accepted the injury with grace. It was a reminder that while we managed to escape, we did not manage it whole. Five hundred men had been lost when the tunnels collapsed. That was another setback for me as much as it was King Widukind. "I don't suppose you know what sense she was trying to knock into me?"

"Probably that you shouldn't have stayed behind to fight with the rearguard," Thorkell told me, sounding like he agreed with her, but at the same time, didn't. "She was pretty distraught when she learned you stayed behind. Just don't tell her that I said that. She'd end up smacking some sense into me too." To that, I let out a huff and a smile tugged at my lips. I could see that. She'd make Thorkell kneel down before she did it too.

"I won't say a word. And I didn't have a choice," I told him, seeing Thorkell nod slowly.

He scratched at the edge of his bandage that was held in place with a strip of cloth for a moment. "I don't know about no choice," Thorkell remarked. "Doing what Morrigan wanted would've been the smarter call. She's not wrong there. But I can't say that I wouldn't be disappointed if you did cut and run," he continued, his gaze going to the great tree. The seedling of Yggdrasil. "That's probably not really fair to say. Favored by the gods or not, you are just one man."

Am I? I wondered, looking at the piles of heads. My faith in the gods was… shaken. No, that wasn't right. I still believed in the gods. I knew them. They spoke to me. But in the past year… "I always thought that being favored by the gods meant nothing bad would happen to me," I admitted to Thorkell, who gave me a surprised look. "I thought it meant that… everything would always be okay. No matter what."

It would mean that my family would always be healthy and happy. It would mean that life's hardships would make themselves known on occasion, but they would slide off of us without any lasting impact. That it would mean that I would win. Always. In everything, simply because the gods chose me. They favored me. Honored me.

"I don't think the gods favor works like that anymore," I admitted to Thorkell.

"You think the gods collapsed the tunnel?" He asked me and I hesitated to nod.

I pursed my lips, "I think they allowed it to collapse." I don't think the gods weakened the supports with their own hands, deliberately trying to kill me. But I did think that they had the opportunity to ensure that the supports held until we all could evacuate. And instead of giving us that time, they allowed them to collapse. They weren't working against me with their actions, they were simply allowing things to happen with their inaction. "Perhaps it was a test," I allowed, hoping that the gods would talk to me now.

Here, in the sacred grove, however desecrated it might be… I wish they would make their intentions known.

"I think you passed their test," Thorkell voiced his opinion, his tone unusually firm. "You held strong. You had every chance to leave, but you didn't. You fought until the bitter end, and only made your escape when you could take the rest with you. That's what people are going to say- that's what they are saying. You proved your valor to the gods that day, Siegfried. More than any other man in the world," He told me, looking at me and I felt my skin start to flush as he heaped praise onto me. Thorkell's faith in me wasn't a secret, but it was a first for me to receive such naked praise.

"I hope so," I admitted. I didn't know what the gods wanted, but they couldn't be displeased with me, could they?

"Are we staying to fight?" Thorkell questioned after a moment and I offered a small nod.

My lips thinned, "They deserve vengeance." I told him, not making any excuses.

To my relief, Thorkell nodded. "Aye, they do. Good. The smart thing would be to cut our losses now, but… I would have asked to stay. If only to bloody the bastards that did this. They mocked the gods." A sigh escaped him -- something that I noticed everyone was doing. The air of melancholy was only matched by the air of anger over the camp -- we expected to leave Frankfurt victorious and to continue our conquest, only to be bloodied as we left the city and greeted by butchery. "Still, feels to me that the war is a done deal now."

I didn't think he was wrong there. "I think it depends on how people respond when they learn of this," I voiced my opinion. This was sickening. I didn't even know how to describe it. It was enough to make me make peace, however temporary, with a son of Horrik. I could only imagine the response from the people that lost loved ones today. Some might be cowed by the slaughter, I didn't doubt that. Others…

No matter what, one thing was certain. King Charlemagne had incurred a vast blood debt.

"It just depends on if people are more scared than angry," I added, finding myself letting out a sigh as the future weighed heavily on me. Thorkell grunted in response. I expected that there would be at least one more battle regardless. The warriors here wanted blood. The people of Saxony, however… this war completely hinged on their response. Would they take up arms? Or would they bow their heads?

"I'd rest up, Seigfried," Thorkell said after a moment. "King Widukind is a clever one. No one will know that better than him, and the best way to thumb the scales in our favor is to spread the news with word of a victory. Getting out of the city isn't enough. People are going to want to hear of reprisals to feel emboldened." He remarked, and I nodded, feeling cold and weak. A victory that I knew I would have a role to play in.

Wishing Thorkell well, I gave the piles of heads a lingering glance before turning away and making my way back to my tent. I understood the eyes that were on me far better now. I did my best to appear strong, but it did feel a bit silly considering that I wore nothing but a blanket that just barely warded off the bitter chill. And not dressing before I left the tent became something I soon found that I regretted when I passed through the center of the camp.

"Stop this! Stop this madness!" I heard a familiar voice cry out in Germanic. The sheer amount of fear and anger in the voice made it all but unrecognizable to me, so I was surprised when I looked over to see that it was Otto. I nearly missed a step, seeing the priest's eyes wide with fear even as he wielded a stick to ward off the men that surrounded him. Something that earned jeers and laughs all around as a good dozen men rapidly grew in number when others noticed the scene like I did. "Get back! Get back!" He shouted, taking a wild swing at a warrior, who stepped out of the way as Otto stepped on the hem of his robe, pulling his entire body down into the filthy snow.

One made to hit him, but he was shoved off. "He is Wolf-Kissed's thrall. Only put hands on him if you're willing to lose them," a warrior advised as I made my way to the scene.

"He's making a mess. Wolf-Kissed should discipline his slaves better," The one that raised a foot to kick Otto remarked but he lowered his foot all the same, letting Otto scramble to his feet, wielding the chunk of fire wood like a club. I had never seen Otto like this- no, that wasn't true. I saw him like this only when I first raided that church when we met for the first time.

The men at the back took notice of me, parting ways for me, and the action spurred others to do the same. As the crowd made way for me, I saw what was actually going on. The warriors weren't surrounding Otto, they were surrounding a beheading. A man knelt at a stump, his hands tied behind his back, who was weeping as he muttered prayers so quickly it was like he was trying to say them all at once. Another man kept him still, but his gaze was fixed on a third man that was laid out in the snow, blood dripping from his temple.

The scene became clear enough. The men were going to behead some man, Otto interfered by knocking one out, and he was making a scene to prevent anyone from finishing the job.

Otto's expression was one of complete desperation, "Seigfried! You must stop this madness!" He all but begged, the wood falling from his hands as he fell to his knees. "They intend to murder this man!" He exclaimed, clutching a wooden cross with enough force that I'm surprised that it didn't break. "They've already murdered a dozen others- I couldn't stop them. I couldn't even take their place!" I was taken back by the tears that welled in his eyes, and I looked at the man who was holding the man down.

No one understood a word because Otto was speaking in Frankish.

"You- why are you killing this man?" I asked him, gesturing at the Frank that he had kneeling in front of him.

His expression darkened, "It is a sacrifice, Wolf-Kissed. I lost a sister to the Franks -- we found her body not an hour ago. He needs to die to appease her spirit- I will not have any blood of mine wandering this earth for eternity," The man exclaimed and I found myself agreeing with him. I wouldn't ever deny a man the right to avenge his family or to appease their spirits. Any disagreement I had with the scene faded away, which made it very difficult to meet Otto's eyes because I could see it. He had faith.

He completely believed that I would stop this.

All the same, I met Otto's gaze. "It is a revenge killing, Otto. The man lost kin," I told him, trying to ignore how deeply uncomfortable it was to see Otto's expression crumple with the bitterest of disappointment.

"How can this be vengeance?! This man was captured during the battle outside of Frankfurt! He couldn't have been here!" Otto exclaimed, shouting and going red in the face. "This is simply murder! My heart weeps for the dead, Seigfried. Christian and Pagan alike! I will pray for the souls for everyone that was lost- until my dying day, if I must! But this… this will do nothing but spill more blood." His voice was borderline hysterical, but there was a burning intensity in his gaze.

My lips thinned. "You're a good man, Otto," I told him, voicing my thoughts about him for the first time. No. He wasn't just a good man. I think he could even be a great man. He wasn't strong or a warrior, but I couldn't deny that he was brave and his heart was good. "But you do not know our ways."

His expression wilted, seeing that he wasn't getting through to me. "Don't I?" He shot back, his lips pressed into a thin line while his knuckles were white around his cross. "You want blood to be spilled. You crave vengeance, but do you not see what that… that atrocity was?" He shouted, and I felt a stirring if anger in my chest at that, my nostrils flaring as my gaze narrowed into a glare.

"It is not the same thing," I snapped at him and it was his turn to look indignant.

"It is! Do you really think I felt any different after you raided my church? Slaughtered my flock?!" He all but roared at me with a surprising amount of force. "How do you think we Christians felt every time you razed a church, killing the faithful that only wanted to hide within? For what? Earthly gains? Silver and gold?!" He berated me, making me clench my jaw to swallow a retort.

He didn't understand our way, but I couldn't deny that he had a point. The scale of the butchery couldn't even be compared, but images in my mind flashed of the churches I razed. The people that fled within, who wouldn't surrender or never had a chance to, were then killed as we raided the church for everything of value. I didn't really regret that.

I had no stomach for cowards. For people that were meant to fight but instead hid themselves away, abandoning others to their fate. Such cowards were hardly men at all. They were creatures at best. I never went out of my way to slaughter them, but I would never feel remorse for any fate that fell upon them.

But would King Charlemagne and his people see that? Would they see the cowardice of their people? Or would they see it as the butchery of people that were hiding in a church, praying to their God for salvation? Would they feel the same anger that we felt?

Which forced me to consider something very discomforting -- was this a reprisal for the raids that I did?

Was this my fault?

"You may be right, Otto," I admitted to him in Frankish, speaking in the language so no other would know the truth. I saw hope in his eyes that died a dog's death because he saw my expression before I nodded to someone behind him. "But what he did must have an answer. Until King Charlemagne is greeted by the headsman's axe, the spirits must be appeased in other ways." Otto's expression grew horrified, rounding to the scene behind him just as the man I spoke to earlier raised his axe high and brought it down on the neck of the praying man, who had been held in place by someone else.

The sound that left Otto barely sounded human, and it was completely drowned out by the sound of cheering. Otto sagged, lowering his head as he prayed for the departed man. It didn't feel good, I decided, looking at Otto. The spirits and the gods demanded blood, but it didn't feel good to hurt Otto like this. To disappoint him like this, even if there wasn't a choice.

"Otto," I spoke up, making him look back at me with red tinted eyes. "Take your flock -- the people you protected in Frankfurt, and leave this place. That is all I can do to protect you."

I could see it. He wasn't going to take the offer. He wasn't going to abandon a single Christian soul that we had in our possession. I respected him that much more for it, but he was acting undeniably foolish. "Save who you can save, Otto. The warriors… in the end, they chose to be a part of the fight. The citizens did not. Save them because you can't protect anyone dead." His expression was defiant for a long moment, and I could practically see him dig his heels in, but my words resonated with him. He knew that they were the truth.

"It's not right, Seigfried," he told me, raising to his feet but it looked like an incredible burden had been placed on his shoulders, physically weighing him down. "This… this is not right."

I didn't agree with that. Not completely. "It is our way. And I suspect it is your way as well," I told him a truth that he didn't want to hear. He closed his eyes for a long second, still clutching his cross, but he nodded all the same.

"As you say," he agreed, not at all sounding happy about it. "As you say."

…

There was no goodbye between me and Otto, though I did get word that he left with those that he could. Along with a few extra people that hadn't been a part of his flock, but I'm pretty sure that I was the only one that noticed. It was a poor departure, but an expected one. I couldn't have seen him off even if I wanted to, because not long after the conversation was done I found myself crawling into my bed and utterly exhausted with the day.

It felt like the cold was sapping my strength, leaving me to bundle up on my bed of furs. Yet, exhausted as I felt, my mind felt busy. So many thoughts churned in my head -- about the war, our escape, what would happen next, to what I could have said to Otto that might have convinced him to depart on better terms. It was rather annoying because I wanted nothing more than to close my eyes and rest.

All the same, I couldn't. And it was only after a long failed attempt to sleep that something occurred to me.

My rewards from the gods.

Prowess
Cleave -- With cleave, cutting through has never been easier. Enemies will have 10% less resistance to cutting attacks.
Second Wind -- Pushed to the absolute brink of the users endurance, merely taking a deep breath will restore a measure of it back. Can only be used once per long rest.​

Tactics
Drill Instructor -- Increases experience gained by troops through training. Increases Discipline gained through training and decreases discipline lost over time.
Ambusher -- A fair fight is for fools and it has never been easier to avoid one. Increases the effectiveness of ambush tactics and increases concealment for troops.​

I didn't know what to pick, I realized. For either domain. Cleave sounded a great deal like Power Strike, which would make the act of killing easier. However, the bone-deep exhaustion made Second Wind very appealing. It was something that I needed to think about because of Astolfo and people like her. Charlemagne's Paladins. I was a great killer of men, but my duel with Astolfo taught me that I wasn't the only great killer, nor could I hope to best anyone in battle.

That being said, out of all of my battles, I only encountered one foe that could fight me on equal footing. It was that thought that tempted me into choosing Second Wind over Cleave, even if I felt torn between the two. Second Wind would simply see more use than Cleave because I already had Power Strike. I was already a deadly killer, and Cleave would only make me more deadly to people that I could kill with ease.

For tactics, it was an interesting choice because Drill Instructor appeared again. I hadn't picked it before, but it seemed like the gods were pushing it even though I was more tempted to pick Ambusher. My time raiding taught me how effective ambushes were against the enemy -- but… perhaps that was the point of the choice they presented before me. Ambushes were effective, but they weren't glorious battle.

Was it a test? My lips thinned, indecisive for a long few minutes as I looked between the choices with blurry eyes. To see if I cared more about winning than glory? I'm not sure that I didn't. Glory came easily to me and winning seemed far more difficult to achieve, especially now.

However, I chose Drill Instructor. Not because of what I thought or what the gods wanted, but because of what Otto said. His words rang in my head like a bell. He didn't understand our ways, and he was a fool for claiming to understand what he didn't, but I couldn't deny what he said struck a cord with me. Simply because he voiced my own thoughts from when I went out on my first raid.

I hadn't cared for how it had been done. And when I began to raid as a leader, I did nothing to change how things were done simply because it was easier not to and it no longer bothered me as it once did. Drill Instructor… that was a way to change things. To make them how I desired them. I wasn't even sure how I would change things, only that something would and Drill Instructor was the gift that would make it easier for me.

Boons
Map -- The mapping function will be enabled, automatically recording everything within a one-mile radius including; terrain, elevation, rivers, urban development, and forests.
True Vision -- A secondary sight that marks things of importance with gold. True Vision acts independently of user knowledge, allowing user to find items, things, or trails of note without knowing why they are important.​

I nearly picked Map out of reflex the moment that I saw it. That sounded incredible. A map of everything within a mile around me? In addition to reports from my scouts, that was a very powerful combination. Knowing the terrain in battle was half of the battle. During the start of the war, it had only been saved by the fact that when we split our armies that we fought on a hill and then a forest that prevented us from being crushed by the Franks.

However, True Vision sounded… magical. Otherworldly. Map would undoubtedly be more useful during the war, but True Vision would be more useful in everything else. I didn't know what to pick. It seem the choices were just getting more difficult-

"Seigfried?" I heard Morrigan from behind the tent flap speak up, breaking my thoughts away from the decision. "Are you awake?" She questioned, a rare note of hesitation in her voice that told me that she almost wished that I was. And if I had been, her voice was so soft I doubt it would have woken me up.

I hesitated to answer -- the slap hurt. All the same, though, I answered her, "I am."

The flap was opened, revealing her. And Jill, who stood behind her, but Jill didn't enter when Morrigan dropped the tent flap, approaching me. Her lips were pressed into a thin line, her hands grabbing her skirts and clenching them into tight fists while her golden eyes were narrowed into a glare. I should have pretended to be asleep, I decided. Because she looked like she was about ready to tenderize the other cheek.

"You-" Morrigan began, coming to a stop by my bed, taking a seat by my bed on a stool. "I demand-" she started, and I could hear the emotion in her voice. It wasn't anger, despite my fears. Her eyes narrowed at me, trying to convey a message that struggled to leave her lips. "Turn around- face the tent wall," she instructed, her tone making it clear that it wasn't a request.

Mad or not, I did trust Morrigan so I did as bayed. "You're upset with me," I remarked, and I heard her scoff along with the sound of rustling fabric. I dared to steal a glance over my shoulder to find that Morrigan was still seated on the stool, just with her back facing me. What was even going on here? And what had her so tense?

"I am," Morrigan agreed, not hesitating for a moment to confirm that. "You-" she started before an aggressive and frustrated sigh escaped her before she fell silent. I waited for her to continue for a few seconds, but those seconds turned into a minute. Then two, then three. It had to be a full ten minutes later before Morrigan finally made to speak, breaking the heavy silence that had fallen between us. Something that I didn't dare do. "My mother. She isn't my true mother," she told me, making me sputter at the unexpected confession.

That… wasn't as much of a shock, though. The Wise Woman was old -- very old. I could have believed her to be Morrigan's grandmother far easier than I could believe her to be her mother.

"I don't come from your land. I come from an island called Ireland, to the east of Denmark," Morrigan confessed, starting a tale that I didn't expect to ever hear. "My mother -- my true mother -- raised me in seclusion as we followed the old ways, away from the Christians. But I… I was a young girl. A young and foolish girl. I watched villages from the outskirts, never understanding why I couldn't walk among them. My mother forbade it, but t'was not reason enough for me." Morrigan's voice was heavy with emotion, her body tense like she was about to jump up and run before she finished the story.

It was for that reason, I said nothing in response. "I decided to brave the village. Simply to see what it was like. At first, it seemed wondrous, but appearances are often deceiving, I soon learned. My eyes marked me as something other. Something dangerous. No sooner than I entered the village, I found myself chased out of it, running back home to my mother. T'was such a foolish thing to do. For I simply led the mob nipping at my heels to where we laid our heads to rest." A small sigh escaped Morrigan, this one sounding exhausted.

"They didn't catch me that day," She continued. "In my ignorance, I chose to never tell my mother what transpired. I thought it to be a grand secret and I feared her anger for disobedience. Because of my fear, that winter… it was a poor year. The harvest was poor, a sickness spread through the livestock, and a pack of wolves plagued the village. T'was our fault, the villagers concluded. Retribution for chasing me out of the village. T'was retribution of their own, they desired." Morrigan paused, waiting for me to say something.

I said nothing because I knew that if I did, Morrigan wouldn't complete her tale. "My mother awoke me when the mob arrived, swearing vengeance for a deed we did not commit. Could not. I for my lack of ability and my mother for her ignorance of the event. My mother… she made a prayer. As well as a sacrifice. She took a knife to her own breast, carved out her heart… and with her final breath, made a prayer to her mother. Flemeth -- the one you know as the Wise Woman."

My blood ran cold at that. She offered her heart not to the gods, but to Flemeth. That was… telling.

"I escaped the hut and fled into the forest and it was there I was greeted by a raven. It bade me to follow it, and I did. T'was not a matter of faith. Not really. I held no true belief in the gods then, only echoed my mother's lessons. The raven took me across a narrow sea to Francia. Then through Saxony, until I finally arrived at that hut. Flemeth was there and she welcomed me as if she expected me." Morrigan's voice grew grim. "She took me in, raising me as one of her daughters as she did with my mother before me. I arrived barely a season before you did."

I felt like she was skipping over a great deal. Crossing a sea? Traveling through Francia, Saxony, then Denmark with nothing but a bird as guidance? That… sounded like a harrowing journey for a young girl. And from the sound of it, she found little warmth when she arrived.

"Why… are you telling me this, Morrigan?" I asked her, breaking my silence, compelled to ask the question.

Morrigan let out a wet sounding scoff, still refusing to look in my direction with her back facing to me. To avoid appearing vulnerable, I realized. "T'is because you remind me of my mother. My true mother. For we could have gotten away. We could have fled together. It was my mistake that brought the village down upon us, but it was her decision that led to her death. She didn't think to run. Her first instinct was to sacrifice herself to beg for Flemeth's help." She paused, an edge entering her voice, "For all your ability, you nearly died. You nearly died for men who do not matter. You nearly threw it all away -- your vengeance, your family, and your life for the sake of people you don't know. Who mean nothing to you. I'm angry with you because you've mistaken courage with foolishness."

I didn't agree with her, but I did see why she came to that conclusion. "Just because I don't know them doesn't mean they don't matter, Morrigan."

"Untrue," Morrigan retorted, still not looking at me. "It makes them worthless. Their only potential worth is their loyalty. Few people in the world, for as long as mankind has walked Midgard, have ever truly mattered. Those men you nearly died for should have offered their lives for the privilege of protecting you. Because you matter. To m- the gods." Her perception was completely skewed, I realized.

Morrigan didn't care about people outside of a select few. And based on how she nearly misspoke, I was one of those few. But I had underestimated how blatant that disregard was -- in her mind, those three hundred men that I fought with existed only to serve as a shield to protect me. That I should have abandoned them the moment it was convenient because they had no value or reason to exist beyond to serve me.

"I won't promise that it won't happen again, Morrigan. Because it probably will. But I will always come back. That, I can promise you," I offered her, knowing even that wasn't a promise that I should be making.

Morrigan let out a bitter chuckle, "The gods favoring you is no excuse to be a lackwit." She genuinely couldn't understand it, I saw.

"Then I suppose I'll need you to do my thinking for me," I told her. I wouldn't ever bend to Morrigan's beliefs, but I knew that she'd challenge me on mine. And beliefs were worthless without being tested. If I couldn't provide an answer to her words, then it meant I was acting foolish.

There was a small lapse in silence between us, Morrigan offering no response or reaction. This time, it was I who broke it. "Your- Flemeth," I voiced the name for the Wise Woman. "Is she dead?" I asked her and I was unsurprised when Morrigan slowly shook her head.

"She simply vanished one day," Morrigan admitted. "One day, she was there in the hut and when I returned, she was gone. I know not where she went or her intentions. I waited for some time, thinking she would return, but she never did. After a week, I decided to approach you to repay what I was owed." She voiced, her words not matching her tone. Not in the slightest.

How much of Morrigan approaching me because of what I could offer her… was really her not wanting to be alone?

And what went unsaid was heard by me. Flemeth was still out there.

"You require rest, and I shall allow you to have it," Morrigan spoke, standing up abruptly, still not looking at me as she headed to the tent flap. "I will change your bandage when you wake-"

"Morrigan," I interjected, just as she was about to leave. "Thank you. For your concern."

She paused, glancing over her shoulder at me and I saw why she refused to face me. Morrigan's expressions ranged from a scowl to a haughty smirk. Now, however, she wore an expression of surprise and embarrassment. "I- I am merely securing my investment in you," Morrigan spat the words without any real heat. "It would inconvenience me if you get yourself killed!" With a huff, she stormed out of my tent and despite her words, I found myself chuckling.

Laying back, I closed my eyes and as I did, I knew exactly which boon from the gods to take.

True Sight.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 941 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 22, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
3
…
6
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
140 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Family
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 29, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,216
The plan to invade during the winter was dismissed. It had relied on the assumption that we would be joined by the second Saxon army, taking advantage of the defeat of the besieging army to punch deep into Francia while they were unprepared. Given our own losses, King Widukind made the decision to wait and gather our strength and to let word spread throughout Saxony. To see what his nation would react with - fear, or anger.

The war had already proven costly, and the menfolk were needed home to take care of their families and homesteads. Fields needed seeding and plowing, sheep and cows needed herding -- the hard labor of farming wasn't put on hold because of the war. No matter how much we might wish it so. With winter ending, the crop needed to be planted and with everything else, there was a very real concern that the army would simply disintegrate. Maybe not because they saw the war as unwinnable, but simply because the soldiers knew that if they didn't go home, their families could find themselves hungry in the coming year.

It was a concern that King Widukind was well aware of, so he made an unusual choice. Instead of marching into Francia, he chose to march into Saxony. The army was kept together, only instead of invading, we found ourselves acting as a massive workforce that swept across Saxony. We didn't pillage or raid -- we seeded crops, plowed fields, herded animals, and even did maintenance on every farmstead, village, and town we came across.

Which was how I found myself with a harness around my shoulders, the other end tied around a log that I dragged to a pile to be turned into lumber. Because an old Saxon farmer decided to take advantage of all the free labor and claimed that his son was going to build a larger fence for his animals. Just like another family claimed that their husband or father was going to dig a cellar, or expand a field.

"They should call you Siegfried the workhorse instead of Wolf-Kissed!" One of the men shouted, laughing as I kept pace with a workhorse that was being aided by two men. There was a slight smile on my face as I showed them up by pulling harder, earning shouts of protest. There were a good fifty men working on the farm -- all of them my warriors. And despite that number, the old man found a job to do for every single one of them on the modest farm.

I found that I didn't particularly mind. It wasn't an unwelcome feeling, I decided. For the past months, my work revolved around taking lives. It wasn't uncommon for people to call me a Crow-Feeder. Working on the farm was nostalgic. If I closed my eyes, I'm sure I could pretend that I was back home, on my family's farm, and the bickering I heard could be my brothers trying to show each other up.

With a heave, I brought the trunk to the mobile lumber yard that had been set up. A good thirty men worked on the logs -- sheering the bark off, then hammering in wedges before splitting the logs. Those logs were then split into planks that were being piled up. Some would be used here, on this farm, but others would be taken to the main camp that acted as a distribution center for materials and labor. What we didn't use would go to a stockpile, and when a job requested something to be built, the planks would go there.

It was a rather efficient system. King Widukind wanted things to be precise and efficient, and I was really starting to see a value in the way that he did things.

Taking the ropes off the tree, I and two others lifted the log onto a pile. It was as I was heading back to fell another tree that had been marked for lumber, that I saw a wagon out of the corner of my eye. It was flanked by a number of girls, with a few children in the wagon itself that was being pulled by an ox. What I noticed first was that there was a water barrel in the wagon. What I noticed second was that all of their hair was down, meaning that they were unwed. Something that happened a lot, I was coming to notice.

"We have water! Fresh from a river, so it is cool!" One of the girls announced in Germanic. She seemed to be the age of my sister. I put that thought out of my mind to see that a lot of my warriors were looking at me for a translation.

"They have water for us," I spoke in Norse, and that perked a number of them up. Most of them dropped what they were doing to venture towards the wagon, where one of the children was scooping water up with a ladle.

"I love this country," I heard one of my warriors say in Norse, a wide smile on his face. "They pay us gold to fight and work, and when they deliver water, they deliver women," he said with a laugh that was shared by many others. He said such things because the Saxon girls couldn't speak a word of Norse, and they only understood two Germanic words -- No and Yes. Because I taught them myself.

"I don't see Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed! Where is he! You said he was here!" One of the children protested, shooting his sister a sour look as she was smiling at one of my warriors. He went completely ignored, though some perked up, recognizing my name was said. "Hild! I wanna see him!"

The pleading tone earned him an annoyed look from his sister, "I don't know where he is. I was just told that he was here by one of the running boys. Find him yourself! He can't be that hard to miss," she snapped at him as her brother handed me the ladle filled with cool water. I took a small sip, looking at the boy. He was young, perhaps six or seven. Old enough to be expected to work, but too young to do any hard labor.

The water was cool and I found myself gulping it down to soothe my parched throat. "Another," I asked for in Germanic, making the boys eyes light up.

"I'm only supposed to give you one… but I'll give you another if you show me where the Wolf-Kissed is," he bargained, dipping the ladle into the barrel, but not handing it to me. What a shrewd kid.

I swallowed a sigh. "I'm Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed," I told him, a slight smirk tugging at my lips. It was promptly wiped away a second later.

I don't think I've ever seen an expression of such outright doubt before. I don't know if I was supposed to laugh or feel insulted.

"You're trying to trick me," The child decided, his tone one of naked suspicion. "You have red hair like he does, but the Wolf-Kissed is twelve feet tall and he uses weapons bigger than most men are tall. Oh- and he can breathe fire! Some people say that he's the son of a god!"

I swear, every village that we visit, I hear about a different version of myself. The breathing fire thing was unique at least. The rest… I was tall for my age, and I was still growing, but I wasn't larger than a fully grown man. I would be one day, but not this day. The son of a god bit was the one thing that remained consistent. People were starting to move away from the idea that I was favored by the gods, and some were claiming that I was the son of one. Thor, more often than not, because of my red hair.

I could only hope that the gods weren't taking offense. I had a father and his name was Erik.

"Well, then let me know if you see a twelve foot tall man that can breathe fire. I'd like to recruit him to my mercenary band," I replied, deciding that it wasn't worth convincing a child of my identity. Even if he did greedily withhold the water. Instead, I turned my attention to the girl that had been steering the wagon, who was staring at me and trying to hide it. "I was expecting a message from King Widukind. Did he send one with you?" I asked her, making her jaw snap shut with a click.

"Aye- uh, he did, my lord," She answered. "King Widukind requests your presence as soon as you're able." She answered, looking at me with awe shining in her eyes. Curious, I glanced at the child.

Incredible. I think he was more disappointed now. That was fair, I decided. I would be disappointed too if I expected someone twelve feet tall.

"The king has requested me. Finish up here. Try to not slack off too much," I told my men, earning cheers that told me that they would be slacking off the moment I wasn't in eyesight. So long as they got the job done, I suppose.

Turns out they didn't even wait until I reached the edge of the farm.

…

Throughout Saxony, there were dozens of bands like mine that were being sent to farms to do the work. There were some that were exclusively hunting parties as well. Most of us were within a days walk of the main army. It was kept together, consolidated, simply because if too many people left it, then the army would end up dissolving. It also served as a rallying point.

It was a sea of tents, for the most part. And people. Even before I saw the army, I heard it -- people talking, shouting in anger and joy, animals bleating and baying. The paths to the army were easily marked out with so many trails that were formed in the past few weeks. Ahead of me, I saw a small caravan of three wagons that were full goods being brought to a rough entrance to the camp. Sentries checked them -- King Widukind wanted to know everything that was coming into the camp down to the last crumb and piece of lint.

"Wolf-Kissed," the sentries greeted me as I strode past them, seated on a horse that I had borrowed. I nodded to them, passing the merchants by and ignoring the looks that I received. Heading into the camp, the dirt road was packed and flattened underneath so many feet and wagon wheels. King Widukind had the tents arranged by companies, with sectors for different laborers, camp followers, and so on. In a way, it was as if the Saxon King had created a mobile town.

Things were going to be chaotic with so many men in a single place, but there was a level of order to the chaos. Enough to keep the peace, at least.

Most people left me be, ignoring a lone rider as I made my way into the camp. So many people weaved around me, not bothering to look up. It made it an easy journey to the king's tent, which was located at the very heart of the camp with all the main 'roads' leading to it. Hopping off of my horse, I passed it to one of the thralls that led the horse to a stables. Even before I pushed the flap open, I heard the arguing within. Tempers were heated. That wasn't anything new, though.

"We must attack! We have the numbers! Let us sweep over Francia like the tide and wash their land away with seas of blood!" I heard a voice rage from within as I pushed the flap back to step inside. A long table was set within and seared at it were a number of men. Almost all of the Saxon Jarls. The few who knew me by sight met my gaze, but the newcomers ignored me, focusing on King Widukind.

He looked tired, I thought. The dark bags under his eyes seemed to be ever present now and his hair was graying almost visibly by the day. The crown he wore -- a thin band of gold -- seemed to carry an impossible weight. He sat in silence, just briefly meeting my gaze, before his attention turned to his Jarls.

"We will have battle. We will have vengeance and blood upon the Christians. A reckless charge, however, will be the death of us. Our way of life! And our gods!" King Widukind spoke, his voice passionate despite his visible exhaustion, proving that he still had strength.

The Jarl that spoke turned an angry red, veins bulging in his neck. "You doubt Woden?!" He thundered, slamming a meaty fist onto the table that I'm fairly certain had been stolen from Frankfurt. I swallowed a pang of annoyance at that -- they managed to get a table out, but we had been forced to fight our way out. Of the hundred that had made it out, only thirty were still fighting men. None of them had agreed to join my band.

"I won't underestimate the Christian God," King Widukind corrected. "He has power. King Charlemagne has power. You seem to think that he has been defeated, Jarl Aldmund. He has not. Each defeat we have given him would be disastrous for us if even one happened. He has endured several setbacks and he still has strength to spare. It is for that reason we must consider the offer that has been presented to us." King Widukind spoke at length while I idly crossed my arms and waited to be addressed.

My gaze caught Grimar, who was seated and pointedly not looking in my direction. Our agreement didn't make us friends. Just like in Frankfurt, we took great lengths to not be in the same room together, and the only exception was this -- when we both were summoned.

"What offer?" I spoke up, looking to King Widukind. The Jarls bristled, shooting me a sharp look for speaking out of turn. One even started to rise out of his seat, a hand raised to strike me for speaking without permission. It was a very different feeling now that King Widukind was surrounded by his Jarls. He had to appear more regal, as he explained it to me.

I didn't really get it, to be honest. He was king and he had been fighting the Franks this entire time. What more did he have to prove to these men?

"An offer from Holland, the land of Duke Ageric, Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed," King Widukind answered, using my full name and I saw all of the Jarls go still. I saw doubt in their eyes. It was amusing in a child, but I bristled at the disbelief in the eyes of men. The tales about me had grown exaggerated. Enough so that none believe that a fourteen years old boy had performed those feats. They all expected me to be a grown man. Or twelve feet tall. "King Charlemagne conquered the land some years ago and he has done what he did to Saxony -- he built churches, instilled leaders that swore to his God either by putting them there or forcing a conversion. However, many of the people still follow the old ways."

"The true ways," one of the Jarls corrected, earning a small nod from King Widukind, as all eyes were on me.

"They offer to join us?" I questioned, thinking it to be a good thing. This was what we wanted, wasn't it?

"They have offered to join the rebellion. However, it is Ageres, Ageric's brother, who has made the offer. He claims that while he was baptized and made Christian, he has secretly worshiped Woden this entire time. He also claims that he can convince the people to rise up against his brother and overthrow him. What he asks is for assistance in this task… and when the war is won, Holland shall become his kingdom." King Widukind explained, making my face pinch.

"Does he have any proof that he has worshiped in secret?" I asked, earning a series of shakes of the head.

"None. Only his word," King Widukind answered.

"Is that worth anything?" I asked, and the only thing I knew about Ageric's brother was that Ageric had one. That, and Ageric seemed convinced that his brother would avenge him. Wishful thinking or was it an empty threat? It was hard to believe when the offer was to overthrow him.

"If he was a Christian, then he wasn't a particularly good one," One of the Jarls spoke up, earning a few dirty looks. I think he also spoke out of turn. "He's a wastrel and a sop. Spends most of his days drinking and whoring. But, he's a charming bastard. People like him. More than they do his brother, if what I hear is true." I imagine the hefty ransoms I had extracted from him hadn't helped things. I didn't feel regret about that, but I did feel a little guilty about what it was leading to. "I say we agree -- we should let Charlemagne know that he may bathe us as much as he wants, but we are not Christians." As he uttered the words, there were a few mutters of agreement and people nodding along.

However, there was also opposition. "It's a trap! A blatant one at that! We'll weaken ourselves fighting for some boy's throne, and there is no telling that he intends to honor his word. There's nothing to suggest that the letter we received hadn't been penned by Charlemagne himself!" There were more sounds of agreement, I noticed that they were the louder of the two. Most were for ignoring the offer and attacking.

"Fool- how can we weaken ourselves when we would be fighting the Christians? For a boy king or Charlemagne -- all that matters is that blood will be spilled!"

"Even if it is an earnest offer, it'll take time that we don't have! Charlemagne is martialing his armies and the more time we give him, the more we shall face on the open field!"

"Coward! Are you afraid to fight?! We outnumber them already! Let them meet our great army and be stricken down!"

"I'm no coward! What I am is cautious -- our armies have never bested the Franks in an open battle. All of our successes in this rebellion have come from trickery, the gods favor, and the Wolf-Kissed!"

The entire tent quickly devolved into bickering and a shouting match. I lost the ability to even follow the conversation because there were a dozen and one conversations happening between a dozen people. It was a common enough scene to me now -- it happened every time that I had been summoned to King Widukind to discuss our next move or to coordinate. King Widukind himself simply sat in his chair, briefly rubbing his eyes and I saw him let out a small sigh.

Anger had won out over fear.

When we retreated into Saxony, King Widukind had messengers going to every hamlet, village, town, and city -- all to spread word of what transpired at the sacred grove and to spread word of our victories. Many Jarls -- most of whom sat in this tent -- who had been indecisive about joining the rebellion threw their lot in behind King Widukind. They promised men and supplies. However, the biggest contributors were volunteers.

Young men left their homes in droves when they heard about what happened in the sacred grove. Enough men left that if it wasn't for the army doing their chores, I doubt there would be anyone that could plant the harvest in Saxony. They left with farm tools for weapons, and the clothing on their backs, joining the army for the sole purpose of vengeance.

King Widukind said it best. "This war is no longer a war for Saxon freedom," King Widukind spoke up, making the Jarls quiet down. "This is a war between our ways and the Christian ways. King Charlemagne saw to that. In the past three months, ten thousand men have come to us, seeking to fight and repay blood with blood. More will come in time, but my Jarls, you mistake time for our ally. The more men we possess, the greater the strain on our food reserves. Already, we have been stretched thin. Waiting longer will only tax ourselves more. We will collapse under our own weight."

I knew that was true. We had burnt through the reserves that we had for the siege, and with our numbers -- some fourteen thousand strong -- we were eating what would have been a week's worth of food back in Frankfurt almost every day. I was almost certain that every berry and nut for miles around the camp had been picked.

"We must take action. However, it is a question of what action shall it be. I do not trust this letter. At worst, it is as Jarl Hrypa claims -- an outright trap laid for us by Charlemagne, and at best, it is written by an opportunistic boy that intends to betray his kin. That being said -- we are short on allies in the war. Denmark has collapsed into a civil war. The rebels within Francia have proven gutless cowards that are so afraid of us that they hide behind Charlemagne's skirt. Can we truly afford to ignore such a hand?" King Widukind questioned, his tone brimming with authority as he asked the question.

I saw it on a number of faces. They wanted to say yes, but they didn't dare to. Not anymore. Not when the king had spoken.

"What say you Wolf-Kissed?" King Widukind questioned, looking at me.

I didn't fully agree with him. I think the Jarls were being optimistic about our victory, treating it as something that was certain, but I didn't think that they were wholly wrong. We had a mighty army. An army so great that it must be the largest on Midgard. We should use it -- strike into the heart of Franica. If Ageric's brother spoke truth, then the people of Holland would rebel on their own when we struck down Charlemagne.

"I say that it won't look good for King Charlemagne when one after another, his conquered lands rebel," I voiced my agreement with the plan. It was something that was expected of me.

King Widukind was using my reputation because even those that had sour looks on their faces started nodding in agreement. Influence was a strange thing, I decided. It was impossible to see, impossible to measure, yet it had tangible effects that could be felt. And as tempting as it was to voice my true opinion… it was not my decision to make.

"Then it is decided," King Widukind voiced. "We shall march on Holland."

"What of Charlemagne's army?" A jarl asked, the decision now made. "It numbers many thousands, and even if it's not a trap then they will surely respond."

"They number eight thousand, to our last count. Remnants from Frankfurt, the army that savaged our lands, and reinforcements. They are based in Cologne, to my knowledge," King Widukind spoke, nodding to himself. We almost doubled their army. "More are on the way, but it is a trickle. His Jarls may be cowards, but they aren't useless. Some are withholding men to secure their own lands from us." Meaning that after we crushed this army, then victory was within sight. "If they march on us, then we shall give battle. If they don't… then it means that King Charlemagne has a trick up his sleeve."

With the decisions made, the rest was hashing out logistics and the path that would be taken. Moving by ship was considered, but it would be far too risky because we could only transport a portion of our men at a time, and it would take a considerable amount of time. It was decided that we would construct several bridges and barges over the Rhine. A messenger was sent to Ageric's brother to inform him that the offer was accepted.

It was also decided that I would be amongst the first over with instructions to secure a foothold for the army. Me along with two thousand men, five hundred of which were my mercenary company. I would be independent of Jarl Aldmund, but I knew I would be expected to follow his lead. It was annoying to have to answer to someone other than the king, but I was just a mercenary. I couldn't expect them to allow me to lead two thousand men, even if I was a proven commander.

It was hours later before we were free to go, and I found myself more exhausted with the tedium than I was the hard labor. It was a welcome relief to push out of the tent to see that the sun was already making its way to the horizon. Meaning I would end up staying the night in camp. Not a terrible thing, I decided when I caught the eye of Thorkell and Hallstein, who were in a deep conversation of their own. They seemed to be waiting for me.

In the past three months, Thorkell's eye had healed. He claimed to have no trouble with it beyond having to get used to seeing through both eyes again. The injury did leave an impressive scar over his eye, bisecting his eyebrow and ending just past his cheekbone. It really was the gods favor that he didn't end up half blinded. Hallstein was the same as ever, though I did notice that he was putting on a noticeable amount of weight. He was a man that enjoyed his feasting and he found a reason to more often than not.

They were so deep in their conversation that they failed to notice my approach. "-lying, but why would he? S'not like he won't get found out-" I heard Thorkell say, his expression unusually solemn with a frown tugging at his lips. I frowned, wondering what exactly they were discussing.

Whatever it was, it would have to wait because the exact moment I was about to speak up, a single shout echoed ourlt. "Murderer!" I heard someone scream at the top of their lungs, and they were close. Which made a great deal of sense, I found, because the word was directed to me.

My gaze locked eyes with a young man, perhaps a handful of years older than me. His face was twisted into an expression of hate, his teeth barred, as he leveled a sword in my direction and went to run me through with it. Despite the sudden attack, I realized something.

He spoke Germanic. Not Frankish.

A hand went to the axe at my belt, shifting to a back foot to dodge the strike and bury my weapon in his head. As it would turn out, I wouldn't need to. No sooner had he started his desperate charge than someone lunged for him, tackling him to the ground, the sword clattering from his grip. I frowned at the scene, two men in their late teens struggling in the packed dirt for a few seconds before the one that tackled him looked up.

My breath caught in my throat.

"Seems like I came at an interesting time, little brother," Halfdan remarked, the would-be assassin in a headlock that I knew all too well. His auburn hair was longer than I remember, and the scruffy beard that he always had was starting to fill out. His clothing was dirty, but that was mostly from rolling in the dirt. They were finely stitched and well worn by him, telling me they were made for him.

Halfdan. My brother. One of the two that I had left. "Halfdan?!" I exclaimed, the would be assassin completely forgotten as he thrashed in his grip. I wasn't worried. Nor did I care, in all honesty. I couldn't believe it. My brother was here. There was a part of me that thought I'd never see them again, but he was here, in front of me. Hiding an assassin.

"Would love to chat, but would someone take this guy from me?" Halfdan questioned, making Thorkell and Hallstein rush over to grab hold of him. "He sounds angry. What you'd do to piss him off?" Halfdan questioned, not understanding a word of Germanic. I failed to answer, just looking at him with a stupified expression on my face. He seemed to notice and he reached out after riding to his full height, placing a hand on my shoulder and squeezed. He wasn't as tall as I remembered. "You look well, Seig."

"You dog fucking bastard," the assassin howled, making me swallow down emotion because the attempt on my life didn't go unnoticed. "I'll kill you! By Woden's will, I'll kill you!" He raged at me, glaring up hatefully as he struggled to get out of Thorkell and Hallstein's grip.

Thorkell sent me a look, his gaze flickering to audience that conducted if the Jarls and King of Saxony. "I hate to break up the family reunion, Seigfried, but we need to deal with this guy. You know him?" He asked, and I took a breath before finally turning my attention to the assassin, who spat in my direction.

I narrowed my eyes for a moment… "No, I have no idea who this is," I admitted with a frown. "He called me a murderer, though. I've done no such thing," I stated, my friend deepening as anger started to take hold. I finally saw my brother again, and this fool attacks me with false accusations.

"What is the meaning of this?" King Widukind questioned, looking at me with a severe expression.

I pointed at the assassin, "He accused me of murder. I've never murdered anyone," I stated, crossing my arms and that drove the assassin wild.

"You liar!" He screamed at me, kicking in Thorkell's grip with such ferocity that he nearly managed to skip it. "I saw you do it! You murdered my father and brother!" He raged, glaring hatefully at me.

Ah. "That is war," I told him outright, realizing what this was. "I took no pleasure in their deaths, but you insult me by calling it murder." There was a huge gulf between killing a man and murdering one. I've killed a great many men, but I have never murdered one. Not by the laws of my people. It was those same laws that prevented me from killing Grimar. If I wasn't willing to ignore them to kill the son of my most hated enemy, then it was laughable to say that I would for someone I never met.

"You broke into our home!" He shouted, making my eyes narrow. What? "You killed my father! Then my brother! You… you…" the assassin heaved, exhausting himself with the force of his rage and…

"Ah," I started, realizing that I did recognize the man. This was the young man that attacked me during my first raid -- I tried to get them to leave, then he attacked. His father and brother attacked, and I was no where near the warrior then as I was now. I killed them in self defense before letting the rest of the family go. I still had the magic stone. It was in my pocket, even.

That raid… had been on Saxony, I distantly recalled, my gaze sliding to King Widukind. The King of the Saxons, who was flanked by most of the still loyal Jarls of Saxony. Whose brow furrowed deeply as he read my expression.

Well… this was certainly awkward.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 881 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 29, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks To Be A Man
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 5, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,258
I had completely forgotten about that raid. No, that wasn't true. It was impossible to forget the raid itself. That had been the raid that had made Horrik honor me, where I was engaged to Jill, and the norns started to weave far more interesting events into my life. However, I had completely forgotten about that family that I let go. That I tried to let go.

I don't think it was entirely my fault that I hadn't been able to recognize him. He looked very different after… nearly two years. He was older, for one. His hair was shaggy and unkempt, his clothing was ragged and cheap instead of the fine stitching that I saw on him and his family before. It was clear that he had fallen on hard times, and I recalled seeing what was left of the village when we sailed upstream to join the war. It had been left to ruin.

"Is this true, Seigfried?" King Widukind looked at me, his lips pressed together in a thin line, also feeling how thick the tension became between myself and the Jarls. There was almost a pleading look in his eyes, trying to convey a silent message.

'Lie.' That's what his eyes told me.

I looked down at the young man -- who was now a man fully grown. It was hard to think of him like that. He had proven hot headed years ago, and it seemed like he had learned nothing since. "It is true, King Widukind. I was with Jarl Horrik at the time. My first raid," I confessed and I could feel the tension stirring at that. People traded looks and frowns while grumbling filled the air. People weren't angry, I was relieved to see. They were just confused. "I came across his home to find the door barricade. I knocked it down, and tried to get them to flee but I didn't know the language at the time. This man attacked me -- rightly so, for I was attacking his home, which caused his father and brother to attack."

"You murdered them," the man spat at me, hate shining in his eyes. Veins bulged in his neck, his entire body trembling with rage. Not anger. Rage. I had felt it's like twice before now. Enough to recognize it in another. I didnt know his name but the man before me hated me. He hated me as much as I hated Thorfinn and Horrik. "You came into our home in the dead of night and you murdered my family! I demand justice!"

"Silence!" King Widukind snapped at him, going red in the face. "Seigfried, continue."

"There is not much else to say, King Widukind. It was no murder. I slew his father and brother -- that much is true. I was weak then. I had little hope of sparing three opponents that wanted to kill me. After they were dead, I gestured for the rest to flee again and they did. I never saw them again until he tried to assassinate me," I concluded. As I spoke, people were coming around to my side of the story.

It wasn't murder. Some were clearly unhappy that I had participated in a raid against Saxony at all, but that issue carried little weight considering Saxons raided Saxons. Just as Danes raided Danes. But, even those that were unhappy couldn't claim that what I did was murder. It was a raid. Had they struck me down, it wouldn't have been a murder either.

"You -- your name. Speak it and your side of the story. I shall give verdict on this accusation," King Widukind stated, looking at the man with an even gaze.

"Alef, My King. My name is Alef. I was the son of Stefan the Lucky -- a merchant I'm sure you've all met, my lords." That name got a stirring of recognition. "And he speaks lies, my King! He broke down the door, ignoring our warnings that we would strike him down if he entered. Once he was inside he growled a challenge to us, gesturing to himself. I took him up on it! He bested me, but my father and brother rushed to my aid and he killed them for it." Calling him a liar was on the tip of my tongue, but I swallowed the words.

He didn't understand Norse and I hadn't understood Germanic. All he had to go off of were the gestures -- had I gestured to myself? I don't think so. I recalled gesturing to the door… but… at the same time, could I expect them to think clearly when there was a raid and I broke down their door? I wasn't entirely certain that I could. Meaning that Alef might not have been lying so much as he was mistaken.

"He allowed us to live. He spoke the truth in that, but it was a cruelty. My sister… her husband was killed during the raid, and her babe died of sickness not long after. My sister… her heart broke, my lords. She walked into a lake in her grief. I provided for my mother the best I could, but the war made it impossible. Her body is weakened… and I fear she too is not long for this world. All of this happened because of him. My father is dead. My brother, dead. My sister and nephew, all dead. Because of him." The hate that was in his voice was something that resonated with me.

My lips thinned and I had to fight to not look away from his gaze. Shame. I felt it, but I had no reason to. I was within my rights. I didn't intend for them to die. I offered what mercy that I could. It wasn't my fault. I knew that. Yet, I still felt shamed by his words.

Because I imagine Horrik and Thorfinn thought much the same. And I didn't at all care to have my own thoughts about them directed at me.

"I understand your grief, Alef. Your father was a good man. One with many friends," King Widukind stated, his gaze flickering to me as he said the words. Meaning that I made enemies by killing him. "But your accusations of murder ring false. This was no murder. The deaths of your sister and nephew… It is regrettable, but it was the will of the gods." King Widukind decreed, earning a series of nods all around. The people agreed with the decision. "Siegfried was thirteen when he underwent his first raid. It is not he who is at fault but Jarl Horrik for the deaths of your father and brother."

I could see that Alef disagreed venomously with the verdict. His face peeled back into a snarl, trembling, but he kept himself in check. Perhaps he wasn't as hot headed as I thought he was. I… if Horrik or Thorfinn were in front of me, just passing me by… would I have acted any differently?

"Now, it is you that have broken our laws, Alef. You attacked Siegfried with the intent to kill. The charges were not levied against him before the attack, nor did you issue a challenge. This, Alef… was an attempt of murder," King Widukind stated in no uncertain terms, and the words got a visible reaction from the Jarls. Their expressions tightened, one outright sputtering in denial. That made me uneasy because King Widukind was right. It was an attempt of murder, one with several dozen witnesses. I'm not sure what there was to be shocked about.

It was Jarl Aldmund, the Jarl that I would soon be fighting with in Holland, that spoke, "My King, surely that is… excessive?" He voiced, not looking at me in favor of fixing his gaze on his King. Pointedly ignoring me. Thankfully, King Widukind had the same reaction I did -- his eyebrows climbing high as he understood the statement.

"Excessive?" King Widukind stressed the word, demanding an explanation.

"If Wolf-Kissed was an ordinary man, I'd say it would be a fair judgment, My King. He's young -- that is certain, but his deeds speak for themselves. He's a Raven-Feeder. Wolf-Kissed, do you even know how many men you have killed?" He asked me, stroking a graying beard.

I frowned at him, "I don't." I admitted, having long since lost count. I had guesses. "It is likely less than a thousand. I think," I added lamely, and that got a far greater reaction from the Jarls. The admission earned a ripple of alarm through the Saxons and Jarl Aldmund's face pinched. Almost as if he regretted speaking. Or that I proved his point.

"If he were a normal man, then this would be an attempt of murder. But he clearly is not. Alef… Alef is a single man. How could he have hoped to kill the Wolf-Kissed? I'd say that challenging him with anything less than a dozen men can't be considered an attempt on his life because it's clearly a form of suicide," he continued.

There was a rippling of agreement and another Jarl spoke up, Jarl Hrypa. The Jarl that had been fiercely arguing with Jarl Aldmund not an hour before. "He makes a point, King Widukind. The laws of men are for men. Wolf-Kissed is more than just a man. Even if Alef had challenged Wolf-Kissed to a duel, what would have been the result? A single man against one that has carved his way through armies? Can that really be called justice?" He asked, crossing his thick arms over his broad chest.

What was happening right now?

"You're claiming that people should be free to attack me? As if I were a Skalgamore?" I questioned, a sharp edge in my tone that made Jarl Hrypa wince.

"I mean no offense, Wolf-Kissed. And no, they should not be free to. Nor should you be expected to not defend yourself or your property. What I mean is… you are more than a man. Some are calling you a god and I'm not entirely certain that they are wrong. It would be foolish to apply our laws to you because they were made with the idea that men would be fighting men. Not men fighting a god." He did sound apologetic, but that did little to quell my annoyance.

"I'm no god," I stated firmly, and loudly.

"You're more of a god than any of us," Jarl Hrypa returned.

"Enough," King Widukind interjected before an argument began. His gaze swept across everyone in the clearing, all who were watching the trial progress. Some were voicing agreement with what Jarl Hrypa said. And… I saw the argument, annoyingly enough. I was confident that I could kill any man in a duel. I could see how I could abuse that fact to make myself just.

My gaze flickered to Grimar, who was listening quietly. I had tried the very same thing with him. Hurling terrible insults at him to provoke him into a duel so I could kill him without becoming a murderer.

"This is not the time for this discussion. Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed committed no murder. As the victim in this attack, I call upon Siegfried to voice what he believes to be a fair punishment," King Widukind spoke, sending another look at me. I knew what he wanted.

But what he wanted made it… perhaps not justified, but not strictly illegal to attack me like Alef did. And that seemed like a very dangerous road to tread. I would effectively become an outlaw to society without actually being banished, simply because I was so much stronger than everyone else. I hadn't anticipated that.

I looked to Alef and saw him glaring at me with eyes full of hate. He would come for me. Success wouldn't matter. He would come for me. Simply because he couldn't stop himself from doing anything less. I was innocent in the eyes of the law and nobility, but I could see it that he held me responsible. He believed me to be guilty. Even if the blame really resided on his shoulders for attacking in the first place.

Mercy would be wasted on him.

This wasn't like it was with that girl in Cologne or in Worms. They had the willingness to fight, but they lacked the means to -- attacking me with a wood log or bare hands while others, those that should have been fighting, cowered. I respected that. Alef had the means to fight me. He challenged me without fear. He had my respect for that and a warrior's death should be delivered to him.

That was my opinion but I could feel King Widukind's gaze boring a hole into the side of my head. "No harm was done to me, so the punishment should be light. Next time you face me, issue a challenge like a man instead of trying to stab me in the back," I told him, making Alef's eyes narrowed into slits, a muscle spasming in his jaw before he offered a curt nod.

That wasn't going to be the end of it, but I found myself uncaring. My gaze slid to Halfdan, my brother… and the entire trial fell to the back of my mind.

"That looked like a real mess. Come on, little brother. I think we should talk."

…

We relocated to my tent, one that had been given to me. It was located in the mercenary portion of the camp, on the fringe. It was a large one, a clear mark of status according to Thorkell, but I hardly used it. I spent most of my time out with groups working the land and hardly more than a day in camp.

"I-" I started, looking at Halfdan as we entered, but as soon as the tent flap had closed, he swept me up in a hug, squeezing hard enough that I thought I might bust a rib.

"You look well, Seig. Hardly recognized you when I first saw ya'. And look at you, talking with kings and Jarls," Halfdan said with a laugh and tension flowed out of me as I embraced my brother. "When word traveled about you, I wasn't sure if it was you or not. You should hear about some of the things people are saying about you."

"I have," I admitted, breaking the embrace with reluctance. "Is that how you found me? I-" I started, my throat clogging up with emotion that I tried to swallow down. "What- Is everyone okay?" Questions tumbled across my tongue, all of them trying to leap off at once, but I chose the most important one.

Halfdan met my gaze for a moment, the easy smile falling and a sigh escaped him. My heart leapt to my throat, but he spoke. "Everyone is fine, Seig. We were more worried about you," he admitted and a sigh of relief escaped me. "Your Witch, Morrigan, told us about the attack on your farmstead about two or three weeks after the army left. Given the raid prior, it was pretty clear that our family was being targeted. Mother decided that it would be best to go into hiding -- said that the whole plan that the enemy had hinged on the fact that you and our father wouldn't be covering themselves in glory."

That mirrored my own thoughts. If I was a normal man, without the deeds that I had performed, then I would have been disgraced by the destruction of the farm. Possibly ruined by it. It would have been enough for Horrik to break the engagement. Maybe even take the land back because I couldn't protect my property.

"Brandr… he stayed behind," I voiced, earning a nod from Halfdan as he led me to a chair to sit down in. He sat heavily in the one next to me. If it wasn't for the lack of red hair, I would have said that he looked like father in that moment.

"Aye. Abandoning the farm would have been worse than it being destroyed, he said. Would have disgraced us as cowards when Jarl Horrik came back. So, he chose to stay behind. The rest of us fled down to Hedeby since we figured that we might catch the army there, and there were so many people there, it would be easy to blend in. Things were going well -- ended up finding Haldur there and told him what was going on. Ha -- he was green with envy when he heard about you." Halfdan chuckled with a shake of his head.

I wasn't surprised, to be honest. After I gained the farmstead and the betrothal to Jill, Haldur left the family to seek his own fortune. We used to be close, I reflected. But when I started to win the spars against my brothers, Haldur started to drift away. Even before my first raid and all this started, I don't think Haldur and I had held a conversation lasting more than five sentences in years.

"When we returned to Alabu, I was poisoned," I started, answering an unspoken question. How did our father and brothers die? "But before that, we were being targeted. Kirk… he was murdered on the battlefield. His throat slit from behind early into the war," I told him and Halfdan cursed. "But when we returned to Alabu, Thorfinn and Horrik realized that they were out of time. I would soon learn about my farm and Brandr could have told us everything that happened while we were away. I didn't see it myself, but after I collapsed, my warband got me to safety while Father and Havi died confronting Horrik and Thorfinn. They sent the same band that attacked my farm to the family farm, killing Brandr there."

"So it was Horrik," Halfdan muttered, his lips pressed into a thin line.

"I don't know how much of the plan he was actively involved in," I admitted after a moment. "I think, at first, Thorfinn was acting alone. I think he just wanted our farmland, but… I ended up becoming a threat to him. Horrik must have learned about what Thorfinn was doing at some point. Maybe after Kirk's murder because he had been so angry with Thorfinn then. But instead of confessing to what Thorfinn did, he covered it up and sought to put me against King Sigfred."

Halfdan grunted, "It sounds like you hate him more than Thorfinn."

I did. "I trusted Horrik," I admitted. I looked up to him, even. "I didn't trust Thorfinn."

"Aye, makes sense to me. That all lines up with what I know," Halfdan remarked. "After we heard about Alabu, your mother said that she felt Brandr's spirit leave Midgard. We were torn on what to do, but with a civil war on the horizon, we decided that we had to leave Denmark. We decided to head to Norway, where my mother's family was in hopes that we could find kin there. We were lucky and her parents were still alive and they took us in," Halfdan explained and I let the news wash over me.

Norway. What was left of my family was in Norway. "I'm sorry I wasn't there," I told him, regret dripping from my words. "I- there was no trace where you went. I thought that it would be easier for you to find me," I confessed.

"It was," Halfdan admitted, thumping me in the shoulder. "We settled in Norway. Wasn't really easy at the start. We wanted to lay low and avoid any settlements, but that ended up convincing some that we were outlaws. If it wasn't for Mother, we wouldn't have made it," he confessed. Ida, my father's concubine. "We ended up getting taken to Jarl Hoffer Hofferson and luckily enough, he hates Horrik as much as we do."

"Things are going well?" I asked, not sure if I dared to be hopeful.

"Very well," Halfdan admitted, and my stomach clenched.

Halfdan just lied to me.

"Sisters got married. Both of them," Halfdan stated, and that was true. "Helga is obnoxiously in love. I'm glad for the journey here because if I had to hear the words 'my husband' again, I was going to deafen myself. Solveig married the nephew of Jarl Hoffer and their first baby is on the way." My second nephew or niece. "They seem to get on fine enough. He treats her well." That seemed to be true.

I swallowed thickly, "And the others?" I questioned, making Halfdan scratch at his cheek.

"My mother is doing well. Things were awkward with her parents -- my grandparents -- because they didn't care for us one bit at the start. Things are easier now. They're happy that she was happy. Mother had been taken when she was your age. They feared the worst," Halfdan admitted. Was it the circumstances that he lied about? Were things good, just not very good? "They welcomed me into the family. Helga too. Mother is happier than I've ever seen. She never admitted it, but I knew she missed her home. Oh -- and we have some uncles and cousins, by the way." Halfdan added, sending me a smirk.

"And Mother?" I asked, asking for my mother.

"Misses you something fierce," Halfdan reassured. "I think she was the only one that wasn't surprised to hear what you had been getting up to. Haldur is fine too -- he found some work with Jarl Hoffer. He's turned out to be a pretty solid warrior. Favors a dane-axe now that he has the build for it." They were okay. The worry and concern that gripped my heart in an iron vice unclenched, allowing me to breathe a little easier. Mother was okay.

"How did she… is she okay?" I questioned, and I saw that Halfdan understood the question. I wasn't speaking of physical maladies. Our family had lost much. Too much. I used to have near three times as many brothers as I did sisters, and now I have two brothers and two sisters. Mother had lost much.

"... She wasn't," Halfdan confessed after a long minute. "She was grief stricken. We all were, but… she had it the worst. We had to keep an eye on her at all times, Seig, because we were afraid that she'd walk into the forest." My hands curled into fists. "I don't think she said a word since we learned about Alabu. She cried a lot… but, around Yule -- I don't know. She said that you visited her in a dream and all of a sudden, she was back to her old self. Almost."

My breath got caught in my throat. The gods. The gods heard my prayer. "I have to sacrifice something," I breathed. Something that would convey my thanks. Halfdan looked surprised, cocking an eyebrow, and I told him the truth. "I made an offering to the gods during Yule. To tell you all that I am fine and what I planned. The gods must have carried my words to my mother in her dream." That is what I wished for when I threw my carvings into the flame.

Halfdan pursed her lips, "So… you intend to become king of Denmark?" He questioned, proving that my message had been delivered.

"I do," I admitted. "It's everything that Horrik wanted. It's what he's worked for his entire life toward. I want him to have it, Halfdan. That's the only way I can take it from him." I explained, anger leaking into my words as my hands clenched into right fists. "That's why I didn't attack him immediately. Or join with King Godfrey."

"Huh. That's what your mother said," Halfdan seemed surprised, as if he had doubted the message from the gods. "I… I'd rather it be done with and pay the blood back with blood, but… I see it. You've made a name for yourself, little brother. We heard tales of you as far as Norway. I bet Horrik is shitting himself as we speak," Halfdan chuckled.

I hoped so. Let him live in fear of the day that I would come for him.

"Your mother sent me here to deliver a message about it," Halfdan said, catching my attention. "She says that you should do what you think you must and that we will be waiting in Norway making our own preparations for the day you return. Solveig… and Helga… they were married to secure ties in Norway. And, well, I'm to be wed soon enough for the same end." Halfdan told me, surprising me.

"... Congratulations?" I tried, because Halfdan didn't sound particularly happy about it.

"Eh, she's a fine enough woman. Her name is Sevig. I met her once and we seemed to get on well enough," Halfdan shrugged, dismissing his lack of excitement. "Just figured that getting married off was for women. Her clan is a large and wealthy one, so it will bring warriors to our banner."

Mother was making alliances. Part of me had been afraid, I realized. Terrified. Terrified that Halfdan would be here to deliver terrible news about the fate of my family. That they hated me for not finding them. For not striking down Horrik the moment that I could. Instead, they were fine. And they were helping me. Mother was finding allies in Norway that would aid me in my quest to take the crown of Denmark. The relief that I felt was more than words could hope to describe.

I didn't feel alone anymore.

"Haldur is up next," Halfdan continued, missing my relief. "I think he's going to fight it tooth and nail. He already has a girl that he's sweet on, but she's a thrall. Arne is a little too young to be betrothed to anyone, but your mother is already looking for matches. If she wasn't past the age for it, I think she'd be looking for another husband herself."

I didn't even want to think of that. "Arne? Is he well? Asta?" I questioned and that's when Halfdan looked away. I swallowed a lump in my throat. "What happened?"

Halfdan looked like he didn't want to answer. "Arne is fine, but Asta… Asta hated it in Norway. It's a harsh land, brother. I won't lie about that. She was distraught when she learned Brandr died, and she wanted to go back home with her own kin. Asta only agreed to come with us because of Arne. But… I don't know. She got it in her head that because we hadn't seen anyone looking for us, it meant that they weren't looking. She tried to take Arne with her back to Denmark… but… Seig, she knew where we were."

The lump returned. "She's dead?" I asked, not sure what I felt. I liked Asta. She was kind. Far too good for Brandr. And I knew how he loved her.

Halfdan offered a slow nod. "It was an accident," Halfdan confessed, sounding as sad about it as I felt. "She stole Arne in the dead of night and tried to sneak onboard a ship. We had been arguing with her that we couldn't risk her going back, and I guess she felt like she had to sneak away. I-"

"Halfdan," I interrupted, looking at him. "What really happened?" I asked him directly because… because Tell-Spotter triggered. Even if it didn't, I knew my brother. I knew that he couldn't look you in the eyes when he told a lie.

Halfdan started to protest, but he fell silent the moment that he met my gaze. Shame filled his expression as he looked away. "We… killed her," he confessed. My heart went still. "We almost got caught once. In Norway. It was- I-... It was just me and Asta in the forest when they came. It wasn't long after we arrived in Norway. Asta broke her leg from a long fall, and she was almost captured. She thought that they were going to kill her, so… so she gave us up. I killed her before she could," Halfdan confessed, looking away from me and we fell into a long silence.

I decided to not ask what they were doing alone in the forest.

"You did what you had to do to protect the family, Halfdan. It couldn't have been easy, and I'm sorry that you had to do it, but you protected the family." I echoed the words that mother told me when I killed my first me. The words helped me. I saw that they helped Halfdan less.

A sigh escaped him, "I know." Then he looked at me, "Are you alright, little brother? We had each other. You had to go through this alone." There was concern in his voice as he glanced at me, suddenly looking a great deal more tired.

Was I? "I'm fine," I decided, not entirely certain if the words were a lie. "I'll be better when the blood debt is settled," I added, believing that to be true. "Right now, my focus is on the war. As important as vengeance is… King Charlemagne must be stopped."

"Hm. Heard about that," Halfdan said, and from the sound of it, he didn't care for the war. "I wish I could fight with you, Seig. But our family needs me," he said, and I felt a rush of burning shame run through me. "I have to be there because you can't be, Seig. That's not your fault. I trust you and the gods that this is where you're supposed to be." He reassured me, throwing an arm over my shoulder and pulling me close.

If he asked me… I would have gone with him back home.

"I can still help," I decided. I would still help. "When must you return?" I questioned, earning a shrug.

"I'm not on a deadline, but the sooner the better would be true in this case. I trust Haldur to take care of things, but he's restless. And I'm to be married when I return. I don't want to give them too much time to reconsider," Halfdan remarked, trying to lift my spirits.

"I'm going to be fighting in Holland shortly -- it is near the coast. Come with me, and I can provide you with some ships and men. And gold. I have a hoard that I was forced to bury in Francia. I can use the opportunity to dig some of it up and send it with you," I decided. Halfdan just smiled, not surprised by the offer. I… got the impression that he was going to ask and he was glad that he didn't have to. Because… it didn't really make sense, did it?

That Halfdan would come all this way to just deliver news?

"I'll never say no to free gold," Halfdan returned. "And… ah… well, you may… want to pack some away. For a bride price." He wanted me to pay for his bride price? That was… a little shameful, to be honest, but I was happy to do it. Haldur's too. Or the dowries for my sister's, if I still could. "Your bride price."

I blinked, "I'm getting married?" I questioned, caught a little flat footed.

"It was mentioned just before I set sail. Enough stories have reached us to make it clear you're a great warrior. When the rest of the tales make their way to Norway, I imagine that Jarl Hoffer will be willing to pay you to marry his daughter." Halfdan explained, rubbing his neck. "Your mother has been angling for it. Jarl Hoffer is a well respected Jarl in Norway, just far to the north." I would need to speak to Thorkell since he knew Norway far better than I did."

"Do you know her name?" I asked him, mulling over the idea. I…

"Astrid. Astrid Hoffersdotter," Halfdan answered.

I took in a breath, and let it out. I was currently unwed and at fourteen, I needed to start looking for a match. Well, I would be back on the farm. No one wanted to be in their twenties and not married. I didn't really know how I felt about the idea of being promised to someone that I had never met, but… my feelings didn't really play any part of it.

I nodded. "If Mother thinks it best," I decided.

I couldn't be there for them but no matter what, I would protect my family.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 871 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 5, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Kingmaker
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 12, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,309
"He was a popular guy," Thorkell confirmed my worst suspicions as we rode toward our destination after crossing the Rhine and heading into the land of Holland. My mercenary company took point while two thousand Saxons trailed behind us. Crossing the river had been the worst part, mostly because there was no easy way to get back across if we were attacked, making us vulnerable. But we managed the crossing in about a half day.

Thorkell rode along side me, Halfdan on my left while Halstien rode behind both Jill and Morrigan. Jill held the reins to their shared horse because Morrigan didn't know how to ride, and it was obvious enough that she felt anything but at ease on top of the horse. I think it was the one time I saw her look genuinely frightened. Didn't last long, though. Mostly because she started glaring when I laughed.

"How popular is popular?" I asked, a sigh in my voice. Alef had been released after a whipping -- a mere ten lashes for an attempt of murder -- and he was telling everyone under the sun that I couldn't be trusted. That I was a vile murderer. He got more than a few smacks from it from the Saxons, but that didn't persuade him to stop. Most, nearly everyone, completely dismissed what he said out of hand. My own reputation as a warrior prevented people from believing it, and the fact that King Widukind gave the verdict that it wasn't murder didn't help his case.

Still, I noticed that I had gotten some odd looks from Saxons. It was enough to make me ask the question -- who was Stefan the Lucky?

"You won't be seeing any blood debts called over it. He didn't have any kin left -- that's how he got his nickname originally. Sickness killed his family, leaving only him to survive. Growing up, he acted as a runner and barker for merchants, and I suppose that taught him the trade because when he was barely a man, he went out with some goods. Then he became known as the Lucky, because fortune always seemed to smile on him. Whenever he would deliver food, he would arrive at a starving town that had suffered a bad harvest. Or he would bring hides when a cold snap brought winter early." Thorkell explained what he knew and I narrowed my eyes at the dirt road.

That sounded like a gift I had. I hadn't used it much, simply because I fell into the roll of a mercenary, but that sounded a great deal like Opportunity Spotter.

"Did he have something to do with those lucky occurrences?" I questioned, earning a shrug from Thorkell.

"If he did, he knew how to get away with it. His luck as a merchant was damn near reliable, though. Some based what they were buying off of what he was and where he was going. What made everyone like him, though, was the fact that he always gave a good deal. He pocketed profits, I'm sure, but everyone knew that he could have charged three times as much but he chose not to. Everyone remembers the man that doesn't charge a silver for bread when everyone else is. He saved a number of people from starving," Thorkell remarked, casting me a look.

And I had killed him.

"I tried to spare them," I muttered, finding my heart heavy. It was a sad thing that the norns chose then to end Stephan's life. Sadder still that I was the shears that cut the thread of his life. I didn't feel guilty for his death, but I did feel remorse. I wish it hadn't happened. I wished that he had listened to me. I wish that they hadn't attacked after I knocked down his hot headed son. His death was regrettable.

"I believe you, Wolf-Kissed. Most people do. As much as Alef is trying to drag your name through the mud, he's not claiming that you forced yourself on his sister or mother. And the fact that he got away… everyone knows what a warrior you are. They don't believe that he could've lived unless you let him," Thorkell offered. "But, well… a lot of people liked Stephan. Lot of people like you, though. It just leaves a bad taste in their mouths -- nothing that a victory can't wash out." I heard him and understood, nodding along but my attention drifted.

I hadn't known at the time, I reflected, my eyes drifting up to see our first true destination. A town that was located on the edge of the sea, the place where we would be meeting Ageres. My scouts were spread out ahead of us, determined to find out if it was a trap before we walked into it. I could only fall into so many before I could no longer blame my clever enemies and not accept some of the blame myself.

During that raid, I hadn't known that I was killing a good man. A generous one. I just thought it was a bit odd that his house had been on the edge of the city and noted the wealth that he possessed. I don't really remember what he looked like either. I'm guessing like Alef, but his actual face was lost to me. He wasn't the first man that I had killed, and since him, I had killed many more. Near a thousand at this point. Possibly even more.

I wonder… how many more good men had I killed in my ignorance?

Almost as if the norns could sense my thoughts, the path took us through a village. A burnt out one. It wasn't a particularly large village -- just some buildings that were built around a fork in the road. The damage didn't look that old as we passed through it, I noticed, but I also knew that there were plenty of mercenaries and bandits that roamed Francia. It might not have been us, but I would put odds on it.

My gaze drifted to a graveyard that was dug just outside the village. A good two dozen graves with rudimentary crosses marking them. My lips thinned and I forced myself to look away

"You are thinking a foolish thought right now, aren't you?" Morrigan spoke up, making me glance back at her. She sat sideways on the horse, along with Jill, because of their skirts. Morrigan was trying to hold onto Jill, but at the same time, touch her as little as possible. Her golden eyes bore into mine as if she could read my thoughts. "Being kind means nothing. What people miss are the convenient meals, not the person himself. They shall forget about him soon enough."

Halfdan snorted, then choked on a laugh when Morrigan snapped her gaze in his direction. He held up his hands in a gesture of surrender -- a wise choice. "She's not wrong, little brother. People might have liked him, and he sounded like a decent enough fellow, but you're worrying about enemies that aren't there. I doubt many would have liked him enough to spill blood over. Much less against the savior of Saxony." He had a point there.

"Grimar talked to him," I pointed out, and that earned a pensive look from Halfdan. Alef was weak and flailing. He didn't have the influence or the strength to challenge me. Still, my enemies were joining forces against me and I didn't care for it. I cared for it far less now because my place within the laws of men was being called into question. It gave them room to maneuver. "I don't know about what, but Alef didn't leave the conversation happy."

"Should we have that discussion with the present company?" Halfdan asked, his gaze sliding to Jill. I half expected her to wilt under the look but she instead thrust out her chin, meeting his gaze defiantly. I wasn't sure when it happened exactly, but Jill had found her confidence. She was still shier than most, but she didn't bend to pressure. I'm guessing that was a result of exposure to Morrigan.

"I trust Jill," I stated, my tone making it clear that it wasn't up for debate. I saw Jill smile, and as if to reassure myself, blinked.

True Vision was a gift from the Gods that took some getting used to, mostly because of how it affected my senses. The world seemed to darken, as if the sun itself was extinguished. Color and detail faded away while the sounds of an army marching became muffled and distant. All of it made the things that I could see stand out that much more.

Jill was marked with a brilliant shining shade of blue. I couldn't really see her face when I used True Vision, but I could see enough detail to know that it was her. Likewise, Morrigan was marked in blue. Yet, the horse that they rode on was as gray as smoke and completely featureless.

Blue, as far as I could tell, marked someone that was an ally to me. Someone loyal. I was still learning what made someone be marked in blue, because while a fair number of my mercenaries were marked with the color, not all of them were. A fair number of them were marked with gray, the same shade of the horse. Likewise, I saw people that I never met before marked in blue -- the same shade that Jill and Morrigan were. What the color blue meant, I was still uncertain, but it undoubtedly meant good things -- Jill and Morrigan were marked with the color, and so were Thorkell and Halstien. All people that I trusted.

My gaze flickered to Halfdan, seeing him nodding. He was marked with a different color -- he was filled with the color gold that seemed to shimmer. I really had no idea what gold meant. I thought it could mean people and things of importance to me, but by that logic, Jill and Morrigan should also be marked with gold. Perhaps it marked those that were members of my family? A way to see my kin?

"And I have hardly saved Saxony," I continued, blinking, True Vision fading to let color and light return. It was disorienting.

To that, Thorkell grunted. "You've given them a chance. It's more than what Saxony would have had without you," he voiced. "It's going to come down to this. Holland. Saxony can't afford another year of constant fighting and I can't imagine that the Franks can take any more losses." He sounded confident in his statement, which led me to believe him. Since the war started, Saxony had been on the verge of losing.

"You believe that the Franks are nearly defeated?" Halfdan asked, earning a shake of Thorkell's head.

"Wouldn't say that. From what I've seen, Saxony doesn't have the strength to beat Francia. It is a vast and rich nation. But, I do think that after this, Francia will be weakened enough to start talking about peace. If King Widukind is smart -- and he is -- he'll take whatever Charlemagne offers. Even after all of this, Saxony isn't in a position to demand payment. What he needs is time to build up for the next war. And I'm sure Charlemagne thinks Saxony is more trouble than it's worth by now."

I looked ahead, pursing my lips. "It's a strange thought," I decided, "To think that the war might be over soon." So much had happened during it. It felt like an entire lifetime ago that I came to Saxony as a talented warrior under Horrik.

"All wars end sooner or later, but I wouldn't say it would be over exactly. I'd give it a few years -- ten at most -- before Charlemagne decides to return to Saxony. He's a great conqueror," he voiced, offering a shrug. That was also disheartening to hear. The idea that all the blood that had been spilled was only for a brief pause before Francia tried again to conquer the nation… it was almost insulting. But it was also true. How many wars had been fought between King Sigfred and Horrik over thirty years?

I said nothing in favor of looking ahead, seeing one of my scouts heading back directly towards us. I recognized him -- Authun, and he was marked with blue when I last saw him with True Vision.

"Lord Siegfried," he started, pulling back on his horse's reins, his expression telling me he had news before he spoke it. "We found traces of an army -- an old camp site. Two weeks old at most."

Hm. "Numbers?" I asked, suddenly finding myself far more suspicious of this invitation.

"Hard to say, but the camp's size was comparable to ours," Authun said, making my lips thin. An army of two thousand had been in the area in the last two weeks -- worse, they could outnumber us. That didn't bode well. I wasn't convinced that this was a blatant trap that was set for us, but I did think that Charlemagne wasn't as unaware of our actions as anyone would prefer.

I worked my jaw for a moment, my mind racing. "Inform Jarl Aldmund what you found. At the very least, they're not in the immediate area, or we would have found them." From my experience with the Saxons, it could be difficult finding an army, but scouts were our eyes and ears. My time being hunted across Francia taught me that lesson very well. Two weeks was a long time, but I could guess why two thousand men were here. Meaning that the army couldn't be far.

Authun nodded before continuing down the line. Jarl Aldmund allowed my company to take point. A position of honor, but I think he wanted us to secure the way for him if there was any trouble. I glanced at Thorkell to see that he had the same thought that I had, "They're pacifying the region."

"Charlemagne's clever. He'd know we'd have allies in the area," I agreed. "Did he split up his army again? He has a large border," I ventured as we rapidly neared what was our ultimate destination. I didn't know what the city was called, just that it was settled at the opening of a river that led further inland. There were a bunch of rivers in this land and some were far more easily traversed than others.

"Can't say at this point, but I'd put money on it. We ran amok in his kingdom and his people would need to feel protected, or they'd stop trusting his protection. It'd be a risk, but two thousand men, behind a set of strong walls, could hold fast for months. Enough time to recall his army." Thorkell offered, scratching at his scar. "But… that's how'd it be for a Jarl. Francia is a vast kingdom. It's entirely possible that this is just another army that he's gathered up."

He wasn't wrong there, but I don't think that it truly mattered in this case. If it was part of a larger army, then it must be defeated to secure an advantage and prevent reinforcements. If it wasn't, then it needed to be defeated for the same reasons. Best to beat them now while we had the chance before they could link up and become a greater threat.

"Francia really does seem to have an endless source of men," I remarked, deciding that the latter was just as likely, if not moreso, than the former. "Let us speak to Ageres and see if we shall be fighting alone in this battle."

As we marched on, what Thorkell said rang in my head like a bell.

The fate of the war would be decided in the coming days, here in Holland. And I couldn't help but feel that victory or defeat would be decided by my hands.

…

"Could you take it?" Halfdan leaned over and whispered to me as we looked up at the sturdy walls of the keep. It reminded me of the first in Saxony -- strong walls of cut stone that were stacked high. They weren't particularly tall -- two and a half men at most -- but they were lined with archers, who were trying to look as non-threatening as possible while also being ready to feather us like chickens if we tried anything.

I looked ahead, at the large double doors that had iron studs layered into the wood. Reinforcing it so it was wood, iron, then wood. Much harder to break through.

"Probably," I returned in a stage whisper, earning a chuckle from Halfdan. There was a town around the keep, and the keep itself was located at the heart of the town, atop of a hill. However, it had been abandoned upon our approach, the people fleeing within the walls. A prudent measure considering that we were still an invading army. Our army stopped at the edge of the town while a small group of us continued forward to have an audience.

"My name is Jarl Aldmund! I am here to speak with Ageres," Jarl Aldmund called out, making Halfdan's chuckles die down. Thorkell and Halstien were with the army, ready to take advantage of me being inside the keep if this was a betrayal. Halfdan only came with me because he wouldn't take no for an answer, just pinching my cheek and saying, 'I expect you to protect me, little brother.' And I hadn't the strength to argue.

In response, a man wearing fine armor and a nasal helm stepped up, looking down at us. I could see that he wasn't particularly happy to see us. "Duke Ageres has accepted your presence and extends a hand in friendship to you Norsemen. You are to be welcomed into his hall, but we require your word that there shall be no violence." He wasn't asking for our weapons. Good. He was at least smart enough to understand that we weren't so desperate to walk into such a blatant trap.

I rested a hand on the sword on my belt. I didn't wear it often, but seeing as it was a mark of status, and I would be meeting a Frankish Duke -- one that I hadn't captured, even -- it seemed important to bring. I even wore my feasting clothes. The warden of the castle looked at all of us, his gaze lingering on me, but it was Jarl Aldmund that spoke.

"We give our word," Jarl Aldmund agreed. And not a minute later, after a thump, the large double doors began to swing open to reveal a courtyard that was full of people. The people of the town. They had cleared a path to a second, if smaller, set of double doors that led to the keep itself. Soldiers were watching us -- me specifically -- as we trotted through the courtyard on our horses. Everyone's eyes were on us and I heard a general muttering in a language that I didn't know. That caught my interest.

I assumed they would be speaking Frankish.

Jarl Aldmund swung a leg over his horse, dismounting and approaching the door. I followed just behind him and Halfdan walked along side me with an easy going smile on his face. I saw him wink at one of the girls that were watching us, and that sent her running to her mother to hide behind her skirts. An innocent reaction, but… if they followed the old ways, would they really be so afraid of us?

My attention was stolen by the doors swinging open, revealing a portly looking man with gray hair. He bowed and spoke in that same language that I heard around us, but even if I couldn't understand a word of it, I saw that he was welcoming us into the keep. Jarl Aldmund strode forward, paying no attention to the man, and forced him to scamper after us to lead us to Ageric's brother. The halls were long and winding, but they were interesting.

On occasion, there would be statues of people. Men and women, whose faces sat on pedestals. It was as if someone had turned them to stone and mounted their heads on display. It was a disquieting feeling, I decided, because that very well could be the case. Some were cracked, or had pieces broken off, showing me that what turn these people into stone wasn't a thin layer. It had turned them into stone completely. I shot a look at Halfdan, who seemed equally disquieted by the heads.

"Christian magic?" He muttered, stepping away from the heads. Jarl Aldmund glanced at him, narrowing his eyes at my brother before we approached a final set of doors that were flanked by a handful of men. They were tense and watched us carefully -- because it was their duty or because they were planning a trap? I resisted the urge to grab hold of my axes, thinking that it would give me a way.

The doors opened revealing a large room. On the far side of it, seated in front of stained glass windows, was the man we were meeting. Even with a passing glance, he was clearly Ageric's brother. The resemblance was very strong, even if he was a few years younger. Still older than me, but younger than Halfdan. Upon his brow was a thin band of gold, his clothing fine, and his expression blank. There were a handful of guards in the large room, all evenly spaced under a window that marked the walls. A dozen and a half. Presentation, or men to close the trap around us.

I blinked and brought forth True Vision, my gaze affixed on the would be Duke. The one that was betraying his kin.

To my immense surprise, he was completely grayed out.

My lips thinned, seeing that the rest were similarly gray. Gray, as far as I could tell, marked someone or something that was neutral or unimportant. Or perhaps not loyal. Would that change once we made a deal? Or would he only turn red when his deception was revealed?

We marched forward, coming to a stop a polite distance away and the man standing next to Ageres spine up, his hands clasped behind his back. "Before you sits King Ageres, of the Agress line. The true King of Holland and the Netherlands," he introduced Ageres in accented Germanic. He, like everyone else, was gray, so I let True Vision fade away. He was handsome, I noticed. He trimmed his beard, but he had a long mustache and his hair was cut short. I would have thought him to be a thrall, but his fine clothing marked him as someone wealthy.

"Well met… King Ageres," Jarl Aldmund offered, hesitating to say the stated title. "We are here in response to your request for aid. To liberate our fellows from the Christian yolk and secure your kingdom for you." I didn't know Jarl Aldmund well. He was a private man, but he struck me as reasonable. At least when he wasn't supporting an argument that I should exist outside of the laws because I was too powerful for them. Still, I could hear it in his voice that he didn't respect Ageres. Or his claim to a title that he hadn't won yet.

I heard the words being translated into Ageres's ear but he gave no reaction to them. I would need to learn this language. There were so many of them and while my physical prowess was growing, my Learning stats had stagnated. When the words were translated, Ageres said something, and then the man that spoke before translated the words.

"You honor us with your presence. My King poses a question -- you," he said, looking at me. "Are you the one known as Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed? The one that captured the false Duke Ageric, my king's brother?" He questioned, and I couldn't say I particularly cared for his tone.

Before I could answer, Jarl Aldmund spoke for me. "He is," he said, his tone as flat as the man's. He spoke the words as if they were a warning, and based on how the well dressed man reacted, he took it as one. It was fascinating to see, in a way. I saw everyone in the room growing tense, tales about me having reached them. I could see it in their eyes now -- the understanding that if this was a trap… it wouldn't be enough to stop me. For they had invited the wolf into their home.

"King Ageres greets the famed Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed. His brother, a Christian he might be, has spoken well of the treatment that he received as a captive," the well dressed man uttered, despite the fact that Ageres had said nothing. Ageres's gaze flickered to him, his brow creasing for a moment before he smoothed it out. It seemed that Ageres didn't speak any Germanic. Or he was puzzled by what he was saying.

I wasn't really sure how to respond for a couple of reasons. Ageres was plotting to overthrow his brother. To betray his kin. I already didn't care for him because of that fact. Was he expressing genuine gratitude? Was it even coming from Ageres at all? More than that, what should I even say? 'You're welcome that I didn't treat your brother badly after extorting exorbitant amounts of gold and silver from him? Twice?' Actually, if he was claiming the kingdom of Holland, then I imagine he was rather sore that I had emptied out his coffers.

"King Ageres," Jarl Aldmund spoke up, as if realizing that I had no idea what to say after a brief pause, "Now that the introductions are out of the way -- Wolf-Kissed and I are here to discuss the agreement. We noticed several burnt out villages on our way here, as well as traces of an army."

Ageress' face pinched when the words were translated to him. He spoke, and his tone sounded… dismissive. Annoyed. I couldn't tell exactly because I had no idea what he was saying, but it did make the well dressed man close his eyes for a brief second. Then he spoke, "With the coming of Spring, King Charlemagne left an army of three thousand men within the borders of Holland. For our protection, he claimed. However, this army under the leadership of the false Duke Ageric, has been oppressing our people. The villages you found were destroyed for heresy."

Ageric was leading the army? I suppose his leg healed well then. Still, the well dressed man didn't seem to be lying.

"It was for this reason that my most noble King reached out to the bold King Widukind, requesting aid in the liberation of our own lands just as he fights for Saxony. Together, our forces shall be undefeatable -- protected by the gods, and we shall surely rebuff King Charlemagne's armies and influences." Flowery words, I decided, but there was passion leaking into his voice. My face flickered to Ageres to see that his gaze was starting to wander.

Bored. He looked bored.

"Do you know where this army currently is?" I spoke up, earning a sharp look from Jarl Aldmund but a broad smile from the man who spoke. Ageres vaguely looked interested when I spoke, and he tugged a sleeve on his translator's sleeve.

"Of course, Wolf-Kissed. We know exactly where they are. As well as the fact that they are accompanied by two of King Charlemagne's paladins," he continued and my mind was made up with those words. Deal or no deal…

We needed to crush that army.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 829 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 12, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Choosing the Battlefield
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 19, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,340
"The boy isn't King," Jarl Aldmund voiced as soon as we left the city, a deep frown in his voice. "He couldn't be more of a puppet if he had strings attached to him and a hand up his arse." I nodded along at that, having noticed much the same. It could be that we didn't share a common tongue, but it seemed that the man took the liberty of answering questions for the king. But, more than that, my impression of Authun was that he was bored.

The only thing he seemed to have any interest in was me.

"Does it change anything?" I questioned, following behind him.

To that, Jarl Aldmund huffed in annoyance. "No, not really. What happens to Holland after the war is of no concern to us. It's troubling to be brought in under false pretenses, but I find it more reassuring. If this was the boy king's idea, then I would have less faith. He has a poor reputation for seeing things through and he is betraying his kin. The plan of an ambitious thegn, however, is easier to swallow. Especially if he's remotely competent."

That's about what I expected to hear. "We need to deal with that army. Or Charlemagne's paladins at the very least. Astolfo was a match for me when we last fought. I'm not fond of the idea of facing several at once, but better two than all twelve," I voiced my opinion and I could see the effect that my words had. Jarl Aldmund glanced back at me, his brow furrowed and a deep frown pulling at his lips. There was a glimmer of fear in his dark eyes.

"That is poor news, Wolf-Kissed… but aye, it makes sense. We must offer battle, but it cannot be in a field of their choosing. We know where they are, so we must march to them. Send your scouts to find a proper field -- we want hills and woods. I heard tales of their calvary and I'm not keen on testing them," he instructed, earning a nod from me.

"I'll go myself," I decided. "I wish to see these Paladins. With a little luck, I might be able to kill one before the battle starts." I could tell that Jarl Aldmund wanted to argue the decision. However, he swallowed the words down. He was in command of me -- of this army, he was the leader. However, I was not someone whose decisions he could ignore or rule against and we both knew it. We both knew that the battle would hinge on my actions. It was why I was sent here with him in the first place.

"Do as you will, Wolf-Kissed," Jarl Aldmund agreed with a curt nod. "The Hollanders will send out runners to gather up a fighting force. I wouldn't expect much from them, but we could have the edge in numbers. For what it might be worth." He sounded uncertain of it.

"Should we delay the battle, then?" I asked, thinking that it would be best to attack now. While we knew their numbers and location. It seemed prudent. Yet, Jarl Aldmund fell silent as we neared our camp outside of the city without walls.

Finally, he spoke after a long minute of thought. "If this were to be a trap… then they would have no better time to spring it. We have no proof of whether they follow our gods, or if the villages that were burned belonged to those that follow the true ways. We have nothing but their word, in a language none of us understand. If they mean to betray us, the smart thing to do would be to say they are siding with us. Position themselves in a place of importance on the field and when the battle begins, attack us instead of the Christians," Jarl Aldmund said, painting a terrible picture.

True Vision could be the answer to this issue, but I didn't know enough about what marked someone as an enemy or a friend or important. What did know was that the well dressed man had been gray. As was the king and his guard. "I agree. The two strike me as opportunistic. If they feel that we are losing the battle, I expect we'd find a knife in our backs while they claimed it was the plan all along." To that, Jarl Aldmund grunted. "They are raiding pagans… instead of trusting their word that their followers follow our ways, we could recruit them ourselves."

"Raid the raiders? Aye, that could work. Thin their numbers a bit before the battle, and men will fight harder for someone that saved them. Would have to explain it to that boy king and his puppeteer, but I can handle that. Don't take a small group -- a hundred men, at least. I'll give you the horses for speed. If nothing else, this should provoke them to attack us."

I traded a nod with the Jarl before heading into camp with Halfdan in tow. "Halfdan," I spoke up, catching his attention. "I need to learn how to speak these people's language. Can you find me someone that does and can teach me? And who knows how to keep a secret?" I requested, earning a cocky smile in response.

"Can do, little brother," Halfdan agreed, splitting off from me. It wasn't just for the sake of learning another language. I had met Authun and the well dressed man and they knew I couldn't speak their tongue. However, if I could learn even some of it in the coming days before the battle? I imagine that when we next saw each other, they might let something slip in my presence.

Intrigue experience gained: 100

I smirked at the message from the gods, taking it as approval from Loki himself.

…

Halfdan had managed to find me a man that spoke the language called Dutch. But, because of the circumstances, we were forced to take him with us as we set out to raid throughout Holland. We were provided a rough map of the area, marked with settlements and where the Frank army currently was. What the map didn't convey was how marshy the entire land was. It seemed to be nothing more than rivers and marshes or swamps.

As promised, we were given horses and I decided to divide my band into three parts -- one led by me, one by Thorkell, and one by Halstien. Morrigan and Jill -- much to their chagrin -- were forced to remain behind in the main encampment. The odd hundred and fifty man bands were then sent out into the country to rally it to our cause.

The first day of learning Dutch was an uneventful one. The second, I could hold a stilted conversation. On the third day, however? I spoke Dutch as if I had been born speaking it.

And it wasn't a day too soon, because as we approached a small town, I saw that we weren't the only ones that had had this idea.

It only made sense. Why send two thousand men to root out pagans from small villages when a band of fifty would be more than enough?

"They haven't noticed us yet," I remarked to Authun, my archer scout. Despite his relative youth, I found that he was quickly finding my faith in his abilities. True Vision revealed him to be a warm blue, making him a loyal ally. Just as it marked the Frankish soldiers that were riding into a village in a dark red. They too had horses, but I saw something of note on them. The color gold.

The foot rests that they used on their horses. It might make riding more comfortable, but it felt very odd that the gods would mark such a simple thing as a footrest as important. Still, I had faith in their wisdom. Wisdom I would understand once I acquired the foot rests.

"Shall we attack?" Authun questioned, looking to me for direction as True Vision faded.

Quest: Save the Village
Reward: 35 recruits. 150 Tactics exp.

"We shall. I'll be the main thrust. Flank around to make sure none escape," I accepted the quest from the gods with a nod. Authun nodded before grabbing a horn that hung from his waist and giving it a sharp note. The signal to attack. Before the signal had even finished, I galloped forward toward the village as sounds of combat started to echo out from within. We arrived too late to circumvent the battle, but not too late to help. Something that couldn't be said for a good dozen villages that we had come by in the past several days.

My men and I thundered across the fields around the village, kicking up mounds of dirt in our wake before we arrived at the back of the raiders. The sound of our hooves alerted those in the back ranks of our arrival, I noticed, catching the eye of a scrambling Frank. Rushing forward, I swung my dane-axe at him, catching him in the shoulder and cutting all the way down to his sternum.

"To arms! To arms!" I heard a man shot in Frankish, all the while people were screaming out in Dutch from within their homes. Some dared to peek out when the clash began in earnest. The raiders were spread out, and over the cries of the Dutch men and women, the calls to arms were missed by more than a few of them as they ran down villagers.

Rushing forward, I threw myself into the thick of the raiders, galloping forward with my Dane-axe raised high. I struck down the man that was trying to rally his men while the rest of mine started to pour into the village. The only obvious escape point was directly across from me. Even before his head hit the ground, I moved on, hacking at the man next to him as I tried to get the Franks to route.

As I did so, one of the Franks met me in battle, urging his horse to cut me off. I reared back on the reins, only for it to be too late. My horse crashed into his, knocking me free of my horse and sending me tumbling through the air. But the Frank in question managed to stay seated. As I fell, my eyes darted to the footrests on the horse that were pulled taunt.

Ah. I see.

That's why the Franks didn't go flying like I did when they charged into our rear.

I slammed into the ground with a thump, but I quickly found my feet. The Frank that unhorsed me calling out, "The Wolf-Kissed is unhorsed! Kill him! Kill him in the name of our Lord!" He shouted, urging his horse forward as he leveled a spear at my throat. I batted it away with a hand as I struck out with my Dane-axe, hacking off the front leg of his horse and sending it into the ground. The horse cried out in agony, making my stomach clench.

Killing men was far easier than killing animals, I decided. The Frank scrambled to his feet, drawing a dirk before lunging at me with it. His eyes were crazed -- he was terrified. I saw it. With the expression he wore, I'd have thought he would be running away from me at full speed, but instead he threw himself at me like a man possessed by a spirit. I was taken aback by his fervor, but I didn't hesitate. With the advantage of my speed and reach, I caught him in the leg, carving through it before I beheaded him with the backswing. Despite the bravery that he showed, the other Franks didn't answer his calls.

The one near me shifted and ran, fleeing through the only obvious exit. More than half of them were cut down, and a few more perished in their attempts to flee. However, as they left the outer edge of the village, pouring through the only open path, I watched at they were feathered with arrows. Three to a man, punch into their necks or eyes. All of them died before they even realized they were under attack.

I smiled to myself. I had just tried out an idea that I had while watching my first battle -- offering the enemy a point of escape and letting them run into a trap. Shouldering my axe, I looked over at the meager village. There were a number of bodies on the streets, and those who weren't killed by the raiders were fleeing indoors. I could feel their eyes on me, watching with bated breath as they were uncertain if we were here to help or pick up where the Franks left off.

"Friends!" I called out in Dutch, letting my voice echo out. "We are friends!" I continued, throwing on a heavy accent onto my words. My men began to calm and claim the horses, looting the corpses of the raiders with well practiced ease. As my words rang out, I caught a glimpse of a family peering through a window. They exchanged nervous glances, the father speaking lowly to his family. It seemed they didn't know what to make of me.

However, a door swung open and the single oldest looking man I had ever seen in my life stepped out from a small house. His back was hunched, no longer able to stand up straight after what seemed to be at least several centuries of bending over to sow and reap the harvest. His hair was white and thin, while his face was covered in wrinkles. Flemeth was the oldest person I had ever seen, but she seemed young in comparison to the man that walked towards me with the help of a walking stick.

Despite his age, his eyes were sharp as he approached. "You are the Wolf-Kissed, hm? You're a little short, hm?" He spoke to me in near flawless Norse, catching me by surprise.

I narrowed my eyes, "I'm still taller than you, greybeard." I retorted, earning a breathless chuckle from him.

"Ha! You'll be lucky to stand this tall when you reach my age. Ah. My tongue got away from me. You have our thanks for your timely aid," he said, bowing his head to me. "We heard word that Duke Ageric was cracking down on our ways, but we believed ourselves safe from it."

I wanted to ask why, but I held my tongue. "It was the will of the gods. We shall be giving battle to Duke Ageric in the coming weeks. As much as I am to put an end to their raiding, I am here for men willing to fight against the Christians. Are there any such men in this village?" I asked, earning a small nod from the greybeard.

"Aye, I reckon you'd find plenty here. We were already mustering up to answer the call of King Ageres," the old man returned, sounding proud of that fact. I frowned, my gaze going to the corpse of the brave frank.

"When did you give your answer?" I asked him, curious. It very well could be the will of the gods, and failing that, pure dumb luck. Which amounted to the same thing.

The greybeard scratched at his cheek, "Couldn't be more than two days ago. Day and a half," He answered. We could ride back to the city within half a day if we rode hard. With the Frankish army's last location, it would be closer to three quarters of a day.

Hm.

"The timing is too close for this to be a coincidence," I quickly decided. I hadn't known the village answered the call to arms. The fact that a Norseman was speaking to me made me inclined to believe that the village did worship our gods. But, in answering the call to arms, they painted a target on themselves for the raiders. Ageric was rooting out the pagans that lived in his territory, while at the same time, preventing us from gaining any reinforcements. It was a clever play. And it meant one thing for certain.

Someone was feeding Ageric information -- which villages were answering the call to arms, and they were close enough to retaliate before the reinforcements could mobilize. They were picking them apart while their numbers were small. Just as I was hoping to do with the Franks. I couldn't say I particularly cared for the Franks using my tactics against me. Not one bit.

Still, this was useful information. Extremely useful.

Because now I knew where the raiders would appear.

And I knew someone was feeding the Franks information.

It was time to lay a trap of my own, I decided.

…

Over the course of three more days, we clashed against the Frankish raiders four more times. Each time, we wiped out the parties down to a man. The Franks had what seemed to be a good dozen raiding parties throughout the area and receiving information from the Dutch about which villages were answering the call to arms led us right to them. However, after our fifth victory, the Franks seemed to realize that we knew where they would be. Their pattern changed abruptly on the second day, leaving us to collect the Dutch warriors without issue.

I sent out my messengers to Duke Aldmund, letting him know the plan. He was agreeable to it. Jill and Morrigan, far less so.

"Maybe they do have a point," I muttered under my breath, gazing out to the village that we were tasked to recruit from. This one was far removed from the area that we had patrolled and recruited from in the past week. "Using myself as bait like this…" I signed, knowing that I was in for a talking to when we got back to camp. I had learned a harsh lesson in Frankfurt. The tunnel collapsed because too many people had sprinted through it. We ended up trapped in that city because I agreed to be the rear guard. The position that would be fighting the longest.

And now I was doing it again, I realized. Morrigan wouldn't be happy. Still, I thought it was worth doing. Especially when I saw Authun galloping toward me, his expression terse. "It's as you suspected. They marched their army against you," Authun told me, and I didn't have it in me to be happy about that. I gazed into the surrounding terrain -- perfect for hiding an army that was two thousand strong. The terrain had some rolling hills that were covered in a dense forest while the village itself was located in a sleepy valley.

"Someone is definitely working with the Franks within the Dutch city," I voiced, not surprised by the outcome. I suspected it the moment I was tasked with safeguarding fifty warriors on the edge of Holland. It was an ambush arranged just for me. "I suppose I should be flattered," I continued, searching the forest for any obvious hint that they were in there. They hid themselves well.

Ageric was clever. More so than I gave him credit for.

"They know you are the greatest threat to them, Lord Seigfried. Attacking you now, without the support of the army, is too good of a chance to pass up," Authun agreed. That was the plan. To be so tempting that the Franks would have to jump on the opportunity.

They were being led by Ageric. A man who knew me. Who witnessed first hand what I was capable of. Twice, I had captured him, and twice he had seen the effects that I had on a battlefield or siege. More than that, after ransoming him twice and now I was working with his brother to overthrow him… well, I imagine Ageric had more than just political reasons to want me dead. And with his knowledge of my prowess, he knew he'd be a fool to attack me with anything less than his full army.

But I had walked into enough traps.

"We're retreating," I told Authun. "Let them give pace. Jarl Aldmund should be in position already. We just need to lead them to the field of our choosing," I told him. We would be the bait that led them right into the jaws of the beast.

Authun nodded, brining the horn to his lips and sounding the retreat. The army saw us, and they would see us leave. At this close, they would become convinced-

A red trajectory mark lined itself up with my forehead coming from the forest across from me. Thousands of feet, over the village, and the mark hardly showed any signs of a drop. I reacted instantly, jerking my head out of the way just in time to avoid the arrow that I felt tickling my ear with its feathers. It struck a man behind me, and I saw it punched through his chainmail and through him as well.

My attention jerked back to the forest to see another red trajectory mark lined itself up with my chest. This time, I saw the arrow racing towards me and I shifted my dane axe in its path, catching the arrow with the broadside of my axe. My arms jerked from the sudden force, the arrow head carving a long groove into the surface before the arrow shaft was reduced to splinters. That really was an incredible shot, but now I was looking at who was trying to kill me. I wasn't all that surprised by who it was.

"Good," I decided, seeing a familiar face. She stood out now that she revealed herself -- a shock of red hair not too different from my own, dark green eyes. I never learned her name, but I recognized her even without the nun garb. She was the archer woman that tried to kill me back in Worms. I gave a small taunting wave with my axe before I urged my horse back.

I didn't kill her last time because she possessed the heart of a warrior but was dreadfully out of position to fight me. She swore revenge, and now she was here to take it. I didn't really expect much from her -- I thought she would be just another archer in the Frankish armies.

Instead, she was something special. There was too much power behind the arrows. It wasn't normal. Her range with it was too long, and too accurate. It was early to say if she was like me, but at the very least, she wasn't a normal archer.

She was a warrior. And this time, I would give her the warrior death worthy of her courage.

"Full retreat! Follow my lead! And keep an eye behind you or you'll find yourself with a feathered arse!" I called out, breaking into a flat gallop away from the army. My mercenaries were quick to follow me, and I would have known that the Franks gave chase even without being told. Thousands of sprinting people or horses shook the ground ever so slightly and made a chaotic mess of noise.

The Franks abandoned their position in favor of chasing us down, their cavalry leading the charge since they were the only ones that could hope to keep up. I could guess Ageric's plan -- lock us down with his horsemen, letting the footmen catch up, and then we would be brought down by sheer weight of numbers. But, that plan hinged on the idea that they could keep up with us. They couldn't, but I slowed us intentionally. Letting the horsemen think we were just within their grasp.

As we galloped toward our ultimate destination, one figure took the lead of the Frankish army. Clad in the odd plate armor with a white cloak billowing out behind her. She was unmistakable. Astolfo, one of Charlemagne's Paladins. It looked like we would get to have our rematch. Hopefully, this one wouldn't end in a draw.

Despite the danger, a smile found its way onto my face as I saw our destination. A trap laid out for the Franks.

And they were rushing headlong right into it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 849 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 19, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Setting the Stage
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 26, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,389
Jarl Aldmund hadn't quite managed to get everything into position within the time that we gave him, but it didn't matter. With such obvious bait before the Frank's eyes, even if they suspected a trap, they were compelled to still try to kill me. And because of that fact, they fell head first into it, completely missing the somewhat obvious Norse and Dutch soldiers until it was far too late. The ambush was announced with arrows being let loose from the trees that covered the small valley that we traversed, a small river running through it.

I heard the exact moment that the ambush was sprung because the sound of several hundred galloping horses was intermingled with the sudden sounds of screaming. Both of men crying out as they were feathered by arrows, their horses collapsing as they were struck and sending their riders flying forward to be trembled by those behind… as well as the sound of war cries from the Norse warriors that rushed down to attack the Franks. The river would protect the archers -- at least somewhat. It would make it difficult to attack them, but it wouldn't stop a dedicated force. I just had to hope that they could take care of themselves as I wheeled my horse around, changing directions.

My gaze caught Astolfo's, her face hidden behind a helm, but I saw her eyes narrow at my challenge. She sped forward, my men following behind me for the clash against the Franks, and I met Astolfo in the middle. Her golden gilded spear flickered out, jabbing at my throat, only to be batted away with my Dane-axe. I choked up on the shaft, thinking that it was a poor weapon to keep up with her quick speeds, but it was the only way I could reach her. The first bout was a quick clash as we narrowly avoided crashing into each other, both of us wheeling our horses around to clash again.

"You trapped our trap!" Astolfo accused, mirth on her voice despite their poor positioning. Her spear flickered out, becoming little more than a blur and forcing me on the defensive. I noticed that the shaft of her spear was covered in reinforced metal -- the neck of the spearhead extending far longer than it previously did. She noticed that I had been attacking her spear. Inconvenient. However, it also explained why her strokes seemed so much slower. Before, I needed two weapons to keep up.

The extra weight to the long neck slowed her considerably. Astolfo was still firmly well beyond the realm of men, but she couldn't completely overwhelm me with her speed anymore.

"Of course we did. Ageric isn't as clever as he thinks he is," I remarked, our weapons clashing between us with such speeds no other dared to interder. For every one slash I managed to throw at her, I was forced to block ten more. Astolfo was just as good at defense as she was at offense, able to deftly counter my attacks and avoid the full force behind them.

"Hehe… is there something going on between you two? Ageric thinks you're obsessed with him or something. You kidnapped him twice, and now you're invading his homeland…" she trailed off, and I narrowed my eyes at the insinuation. She was trying to make me angry. She was trying to make me slip up.

"You Christians have been slaughtering our people in Holland. It is only natural that we would arrive here," I snapped at her, overextending dangerously to force her to block a blow that bucked her horse back. The white steed found his feet, and Astolfo surged forward to meet me again. "Was he there for it? The massacre of Verdan? Were you?" I questioned, blocking a thrust at my heart and liver and urging my horse forward. With a spear, she still had the advantage of reach, but the closer I got, the favor tilted my way.

Behind her helm, I saw her eyes narrow. "We weren't, but would it matter if we had? You people have been slaughtering your way across Francia, killing thousands and displacing more. I thought better of you, Seig. Did you really think vengeance cuts only one way?" She snapped back at me, the speed of her thrusts picking up, forcing me to relent the attack and remain on the defensive. "My king hasn't repaid this so called blood price even half way yet. The only difference is that the ones he killed all died in one place."

I snarled at her, urging my horse forward despite the flurry of attacks. Both of us were pushing harder -- when we last fought, I had been overjoyed to find another one like myself. Her gift from her God was different than mine, but I finally found a warrior that I could call a peer. Now, however, the battle was personal. "He slaughtered children. Babies," I spat at her.

"You're a damned fool if you think you rebels haven't butchered children. You just didn't see it Seig. It doesn't make them any less dead," Astolfo replied, making me grit my teeth in response. That was a point I couldn't argue. At least not in good faith. How many burned out villages had we come across? How many people died in the sacks that I paved the way for? I knew it happened. I saw it happen with my own eyes. And I still did it again and again because I had a reason to.

The right of the victorious. That is what my father called it. And when I found myself in charge of a mercenary band, I accepted it. Simply because scaling back, limiting myself… would have been counterproductive. It would have made things more complicated, it took longer, and it could mean less wealth. Above all else, it seemed difficult. It was why I never seriously tried to impose any kind of discipline over my mercenaries. So long as they obeyed my orders, I was fine.

But now that fact was being thrown in the face of my righteous anger over the butchery that took place in Verdan, and I was less sure if I really had the right to call it righteous anger.

My guard slipped and I felt the sharp sting of her spear cutting my arm at the shoulder. It was a shallow wound, but it would prove troublesome since it was my sword arm. "It wasn't right," I returned, ignoring the wound.

"Was slaughtering people cowering in a church?" Astolfo shot back at me, her spear darting around. Now she took jabs at my legs, and gut, forcing me to move the arm and worsen the wound. "What was done to your people was cruel. I won't deny you that. However, you are looking for compassion and fairness in war. We did to you what your people have done to us. There is your fairness."

I blocked a last jab at my throat before backing off a half step. Blood quickly soaked through my sleeve and I focused my awareness to the odd hundred feet around me. Astolfo was left unsupported. The rest of the cavalry was in pitched combat and slowly being whittled away while the rest of the Frankish army was slowly advancing. That, I saw from horseback. The battle lines would be messy, but with their cavalry committed and losing, and our position, I felt good about our chances of winning.

Taking in a deep breath… "Aye, you're right," I told Astolfo, making her lower her spear a fraction. "I apologize for my words, Paladin Astolfo. They were misplaced and undeserved."

It was a point that was slowly being hammered home ever since I swore vengeance. Something that was crystalized when Alef attacked me in the Saxon camp. Astolfo said it best -- vengeance cut both ways. As much as I could claim it upon others, it could be claimed upon me. Calling the massacre of Verdan unjust and vile completely ignored our own actions. It was hypocritical and that wasn't something I could deny.

"Ah?! Well, I wasn't really expecting an apology. I accept it, though. Arda was right about you. You do have a strange sense of honor. S'not too late to be friends?" Astolfo offered, but I shook my head. I wouldn't just abandon my oath. No, I wouldn't just cling to the idea that the Franks were morally unjust for what they did. I wouldn't use it as a justification for everything that would come next.

"I will not fight for King Charlemagne. I gave my word to King Widukind, and above all else, I will not fight for a God I do not worship," I refused outright. I would not become a Christian. How could I be when I had never even spoke to this God, and while my own gods acknowledged me? Astolfo seemed unsurprised, but a tad disappointed. "However, I shall accept your offer of friendship. So long as you understand it shall change nothing about this battle."

"Eh?! Not going to hold back on your buddy?!" Astolfo asked, spinning her spear. She reached up and shrugged off her helmet, revealing a grinning face. I liked her, I decided. Despite being led head first into a trap, locked in combat without hope of support, she smiled and laughed without any traces of fear.

"Of course not. You are a worthy warrior. You deserve a warrior's death," I told her.

And my gods agreed.

Quest: Defeat Astolfo
Reward: 1 Prowess perk.
Bonus Objective: Defeat Astolfo without killing her.
Bonus Reward: ⅓ clue for a legendary item.

That was a first, I noticed, dismissing the quest from the gods with a thought. A clue would be my reward? For a legendary item? What could it mean? My thoughts started to jump to possible answers -- perhaps a legendary sword? Or perhaps a magical ring or necklace? I felt an eager thrill at the mere thought of it. But I was forced to shove those thoughts away as Astolfo urged her horse forward. Before I should think of rewards, I should earn them first.

With renewed vigor, the two of us clashed once again. Sparks flared where our weapons clashed between us, our weapons moving in blurs to the men around us that couldn't help but to look on us with awe. The battle around us was taking shape -- the rest of the Franks having arrived. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw what was left of the cavalry break off to start crossing the river, either intending to attack our archers or flee, but they became targets. Astolfo's smile never wavered, no matter what, despite my suspicion that she was just as aware of the battle as I was.

The cavalry was done for, leaving a pitched battle in the valley. The river secured one flank, but as far as I could tell, it was half fought in the forest and half fought in the valley flats. It made it next to impossible to really tell what was going on around us. Thorkell had a good head on his shoulders. Halstien too. The only one that I was worried about was Halfdan. I would be damned if I lost another brother on the battlefield.

Only Astolfo was keeping me here. She punished my stray thoughts -- tagging me again in the thigh -- but I managed to respond with a power attack that I forced her to block. Her horse cried out as the two of them were forced to shuffle back, Astolfo's eyes widening. "Oh, I cannot let you and Roland meet!" She announced, visibly shivering at the idea before urging her horse forward once again. Our third bout.

Despite taking two wounds, I felt as if I was winning the fight. It was slow, hardly noticeable, but Astolfo's thrusts weren't as fast as they had been. The added weight from her spear head was firing her out. It couldn't be more than two or three pounds at most, but even an extra pound of weight could be exhausting with repetitive tasks. Especially if you weren't used to the weight. It was something that she wasn't unaware of either. Her expression became a little more strained and sweat building on her brow.

If I couldn't break her spear, I would have to wear her down. It would mean I couldn't help much with the battle itself, but we had enough of an advantage that it should be fine.

Urging my horse deeper into her guard, blood flicked off of my arms with each movement, trailing down my forearm. Astolfo's smile became fragile, sensing that I was winning, and she desperately tried to ward me off. She gave ground, edging closer to the river and picked up the speed of her attacks to keep me on the defensive. However, slowly, for every one attack I managed to throw out she managed to send nine… then eight… then seven. Each blow I delivered, all blocked by her, rattled her. The last Power Attack I delivered to her guard nearly unhorsed her and it might have if her horse hadn't shuffled back to the edge of the river.

I saw her considering her options, keenly aware of the archers that were now at her back, but she had no choice but to keep them there. I could see her thinking about fleeing, or commiting to a suicidal charge to take me out with her. The archers would feather her before she could cross, and she knew it was just as deadly to turn her back to me.

She was trapped, and she knew it-

Almost as if to save her, I saw a red trajectory line up with my chest. My gaze snapped to the source of it, throwing up my Dane-axe just in time to block the blade. The arrow impacted with thunderous force, the flat of the blade slamming against my chest while the arrow itself seemed to explode on contact. My horse shuffled back, neighing while I locked eyes with the person that shot me.

"That archer. I never learned her name," I remarked, inspecting my axe to see that the second deep groove made an X. She was soaking wet, telling me that she swam across the river and now she was hiding on the other side and firing deadly accurate arrows. That… that wasn't something that I could leave alone. She had to be taken out.

"She's Arda. A paladin of Charlemagne. She's determined to kill you," Astolfo admitted, taking advantage of the lull to catch her breath. "She arrived not long after you attacked Worms and she impressed King Charlemagne with her resolve. He granted her his blessing and she was acknowledged by God." She elaborated, and that caught my attention.

"Could she shoot like that before her blessing?" I asked, making Astolfo tilt her head.

"Dunno?" She said, playing dumb, seemingly realizing that she said too much. That all but confirmed it for me.

Charlemagne. He was the source of the Paladin's strength. It was different than how my favor worked. I was uncertain if Charlemagne spoke directly to his God, like I did, but it seemed he had the ability to empower those that he acknowledged. There had to be some kind of requirement or limiting factor. Otherwise, every single Frank we fought would be as strong as I was. It was valuable information.

"You asked me if I spoke to God when we last met," Astolfo voiced, her own tone suspicious. "Do you speak to your gods?"

"Who knows?" I didn't answer. Astolfo didn't seem surprised. However, we both knew this was the end of our duel, so she reached down and put her helmet back on. I threw myself forward, dodging another arrow aimed at my eye. I had to defeat Astolfo first and quickly because I wouldn't be able to handle them both for long. Or even briefly when I felt the feathers of another arrow tickle my ear as I leaned my head out of the way while I tried to shift Astolfo between us, only she seemed keenly aware of her positioning. Which made her hard to dislodge.

However, refusing to move worked against her as much as it helped her. She had nowhere left to go, and as I pressed the attack, I drew blood for the first time with the edge of my axe cutting her forearm. A shallow wound, but a clear sign that the tide of the battle turned against her. With Astolfo's face hidden behind a helm, I couldn't see her expression, but her gaze was serious. Mine was as well when I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and a horn blowing. One of our horns.

The sound of victory.

The battle was too short for it to be a massacre, which probably meant Ageric had called the retreat. They committed to the battle to save the cavalry, but they were already lost. Not to mention, it was a poor battlefield for them. The army started to surge forward, intent on giving chase to the Franks, but that wasn't what I noticed.

A group of horsemen were crossing the river. A dozen of them.

Directly to Arda. Their bravery was commendable, but what terrified me was the fact that Halfdan was leading that charge.

Gritting my teeth, I swallowed a command for them to hold. I couldn't shame my brother like that. I just had to pray to the Norns that today wasn't his chosen day.

Astolfo tried to seize my momentary lapse in focus, her spear going for my throat, but I batted it away with a forearm, a deep gash splitting the skin. Even her spear wasn't normal. Flipping my axe, I reversed my grip and swung at her head. Her spear almost managed to make it back, and it would have if I hadn't grabbed hold of the shaft, nearly costing me the flesh on my palm. The slight delay in her guard was all the time I needed, the back of my axe striking her at the temple and with enough force that Astolfo was unhorsed. She crashed to the ground, the spear falling from her grasp, and she didn't move.

Quest Completed: Defeat Astolfo
Reward: 1 Prowess perk.
Bonus Objective Completed: Defeat Astolfo without killing her.
Bonus Reward: ⅓ clue for a legendary item.

Bonus Reward: In the long shadow of the throat of the world.

I didn't pay the reward or the single stanza any mind in favor of looking out to Arda. I urged my horse forward, throwing my hands out wide and tossing my axe to the ground.

Shoot me. Please shoot at me instead of Halfdan.

Despite the distance between us, our eyes seemed to lock. I saw the fury in her gaze and how her lips thinned. Arda's eyes flickered down to the horsemen that were galloping before her before her gaze went back to mine. I tried not to swallow thickly, waiting for her to make her decision… but I knew the instant that she did. She abandoned all thoughts of stealth and took aim with her bow, the arrow lining up directly at my chest. The projectile prediction lined the arrow up at my heart that pounded in anticipation.

I saw the second that it flew free from her bow, just as Halfdan arrived. His axe struck out, catching her in the neck, killing her. She chose to die for the opportunity to kill me.

As soon as the arrow left her bow, I reacted, slamming a hand into the path of the arrow and feeling it land in my grip. Despite catching the arrow, it still continued on, pushing forward through my gambeson and chainmail. All the way until I felt a small prick over my heart before the arrow went still.

Arda, huh?

I'm glad that I didn't kill her at Worms. She got the warrior's death that she richly deserved.

…

We won the battle handily, I learned after it was done. The dead were counted and we lost less than ten on our side. The Franks, however, lost closer to three hundred. They were still a fighting force to be reckoned with, but Jarl Aldmund decided to call it a victory seeing as most of the dead belonged to the Frankish cavalry. Ageric wasn't keen on pressing the battle and quickly retreated out of Holland altogether and we soon learned where they were going.

The Franks were marching into Holland. The armies that they had sprinkled throughout the kingdom were condensing at a city called Antwerp. Our scouts were practically tripping over one another since both sides were cautiously watching the other -- King Widukind gave the order to march across the river, using the foothold that we secured. It took more than a week to march twelve thousand warriors across the river since so many feet turned the dirt into an untamable muck.

That time, for me, was spent preparing for the battle to come. You could almost feel the tension in the air as everyone knew that the coming battle would be the one that decided the war. This was the last of the Saxon's strength, and if we crushed this army, then King Charlemagne would be a fool to do anything but sue for peace. Otherwise, the Saxons would sweep across Francia like a tide. Likewise, should the Saxons lose the battle, then that would be it. There was no hope of continuing the war.

Astolfo was taken prisoner by me. As a Paladin, she had a unique value to Charlemagne that I was hoping would be paid in gold when it came time to ransom the prisoners taken on both sides. Regardless, it would mean we would face one less paladin in the coming battle. Likewise, Halfdan had been honored for his kill of Arda. He took her bow as a trophy -- a metal one that had gilded gold adorning on it. He couldn't draw it, despite all of his efforts.

Neither could I, for that matter. A true testament to Arda's strength as an archer.

While the battle in Holland had been small, with the loss of two paladins, much had changed. Our efforts were praised and we all waited for the moment that we all knew was coming. The moment when King Charlemagne decided to march.

"We have chosen our battlefield," King Widukind voiced in the Dutch city, standing at the opposite end of a long table that had King Ageres on the other end of it. The nameless count -- who I was starting to think he didn't possess a name at all because everyone simply knew him as the Count -- stood next to him, gazing upon the large model of the chosen terrain on the table. "Despite our number advantage, King Charlemagne will be forced on the offensive. Time works against him here."

The terrain was vaguely familiar to me. Mostly because I recognized the burnt twigs that represented the scorched forest that I had set alight to cover my horde. On the other side of the scorched forest was a wide and long hill with a slight incline, with a river to one side that protected a flank. It wasn't what I imagined when I pictured the battle, and King Widukind continued. "Between our numbers and a great advantage in terrain? King Charlemagne would be a fool to attack when defeat is certain. However, with a slight advantage? We can tempt him into attacking. Do you agree, King Ageres?" He asked, looking at the boy king.

He glanced at the Count, who spoke. "The Saxon King requires your approval of his plan. He says that the battle cannot be won without our brave soldiers."

In the past day that I had been here, I heard a great many things when no one knew I spoke their language. They spoke rather freely when they thought I couldn't understand, and didn't know I had learned their tongue in a mere three days. That had landed me a nice amount of Intrigue experience. I think Loki would approve. Above all else, I had learned that King Ageres didn't receive a single true translation. Something I told King Widukind.

"The barbarian king has it. I hope to see my brother on the battlefield. This entire plan of yours will be quite pointless if he survives," King Ageres remarked, sounding bored and uninterested. I tried not to look interested at what they were saying -- such a thing would give me a way. When they felt comfortable speaking their own tongue, certain no one knew it, they dropped hints here and there. However, they never went into specifics.

As far as I had learned -- Ageres just wanted his brother dead to secure his claim.

The Count didn't reply, "King Ageres conedes to your plan, King Widukind. However, he requests that the Dutch warriors shall be placed on the left flank." He said in Germanic. The Dutch offered three thousand warriors in total -- a considerable amount, but a small fraction of our army.

King Widukind glanced down at the table, "Very well then." He agreed easily enough. Too easily. He had his own plan and he had remarked more than once that he could put no faith in the Dutch. Not after learning that someone was relaying information to Ageric on where to target our people. However, I said nothing and merely waited for the decision to be made. "Grimar shall be in the right wing, along with the rest of the Norse warriors. I and my people shall comprise the center."

The right wing was protected by the river. I would have expected to be placed in the center.

"These Paladins are of great concern to me, but there is little we can do but anticipate their disruption in our formations. Wolf-Kissed, you and your mercenaries have freedom of movement. You are tasked with blunting whatever damage they can do," he instructed, earning a nod from me.

There was too much unknown. Too much to calculate… and too much depending on this battle.

But, all the same, we agreed to the plan, knowing that the future of our ways depended on it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 895 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 26, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Last Act
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 3, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,464
I had never seen so many people in one place before, I thought, seated on top of a horse at the crest of the hill that would serve as the final battlefield of the war. It looked exactly as King Widukind, who was next to me, had built it. Directly before us were thousands upon thousands of people -- a shield wall that felt like it could stretch on for miles and miles and at no less than twenty men thick at its thinnest. Fourteen thousand Saxons and Norsemen, in addition to three thousand Dutchmen. Almost twenty thousand men in total.

Had the world ever seen such a fighting force? It didn't seem like it was possible. Since I began fighting this war, it felt like the battles only grew in scale, and this was the ultimate culmination of it. Because, across from us, were the Franks. They lined themselves up across from us, further than most of our bows could reach. Their formation was just as long as ours, but not as thick.

"They number ten thousand," I voiced, after using the longest use of Fast Counter that I had ever experienced. Which put the Franks at what we expected for their numbers. Ten thousand against our twenty thousand. I felt confident. We outnumbered them nearly two to one, counting the Dutch.

"The Paladins?" King Widukind asked, his voice low and serene. In response to that, the color of the world faded away. Most of the men were gray, but more than a few of them were red. However, eight of them were outlined in gold.

King Charlemagne and seven of his paladins. We had captured Astolfo and killed Arda, meaning that he should still have eleven left, seeing as Arda was a recent addition. I didn't see them on the field. Was he holding them in reserve? "There. He's guarded by seven of them," I said, pointing to the King some distance away. He was easy to mark out even without True Sight. He sat on top of a white horse, wearing armor with a helm that had a gold crown hammered into it.

He looked no less impressive than the first time I saw him, which felt nothing less than an entire lifetime ago.

"They have less cavalry than expected," King Widukind muttered, fretting before the battle began. "We were told to expect three thousand, and I see a thousand at most." That was a discrepancy, but one that was easily explained.

"He might have unhorsed them. Do horses fight well on hills?" I asked, because I didn't know. I just knew that during the early battles of the war, the Franks hadn't dared to charge up a hill with their cavalry. Though, was that because they didn't want to attack a fortified position?

"You underestimate King Charlemagne," King Widukind continued, glancing at the boy king at his side. It was what everyone called him. I genuinely didn't think he knew. "Everyone does. They forget that he is in the position he is for good reason. By the grace of his God and his own cunning. No, we must be vigilant." King Widukind's attitude was against the grain of the warriors.

Many were jeering across the field and laughing. Confident in our victory.

Perhaps overconfident?

"If he has any unexpected surprises, that is what my men are for," I pointed out, and I saw the words did have a soothing effect on the Saxon King. His grip on the reins of his horse lessened, though his jaw still clenched. He was feeling the pressure, more than anyone else in the army. With how tense he was, you would think we were the ones outnumbered. Though, it would be a lie to say that I wasn't a little nervous myself. The Paladins of Charlemagne would be a challenge. I fought Astolfo evenly, but fighting two-on-one? I'd quickly find myself overwhelmed.

That was something that bode ill for the entire army. More than that, I knew that the battle hinged on my ability to keep the paladins occupied. To defeat them. It was an incredible weight on my shoulders, and I was feeling it keenly as I gazed out at their assembled army, the sun overhead in the early afternoon with a sky full of clouds.

"Aye," King Widukind decided to respond, a frown in his voice. "That's what you are here for," he agreed. "The sacrifices have been made. The omens are good. We shall win on this field and continue onward to Brussels and Antwerp. Sacking them will solidify our victory and position when we offer him terms. This… this shall work," he continued, sounding like he was trying to convince himself of it. The sacking of the two cities, I knew, would be revenge for Verdan.

Of course it relied on us crushing the army before us, but that seemed more likely than not. King Charlemagne must know that he couldn't afford to lose this battle any more than we could.

That was perhaps why the Frankish King urged his horse forward, accompanied by a handful of men and one of which raised a white flag. King Widukind narrowed his eyes at the action, and I saw him digging a fingernail underneath the nail of his thumb. A habit I noticed he was developing. The group was pushing through the army, approaching the space between us. "They wish to speak," King Widukind voiced, sounding suspicious of the move.

"It's an opportunity to kill him," Grimar remarked, seated nearby.

"Not with two of the paladins there," I refuted, looking out at them. Only two of the seven paladins marched forward with the group of Frankish nobles -- King Charlemagne, I saw Ageric, as well as a man that I didn't recognize. The paladins were marked by their odd armor. Both of them men, but they couldn't be more different from each other. One was a large man, likely standing taller than my own father, with broad shoulders. He carried a shield in one hand and strapped at his hip was a sword -- a poor weapon for fighting, but I saw no others on him. The second paladin was a clean shaven man with shaggy black hair, also tall but on the lean side.

I would be fighting them both before this battle ended, I knew that much.

"We'll take them on their offer," King Widukind decided, urging his horse forward. "If nothing else, I'll see how confident he finds himself." As he marched forward, I followed him along with King Ageres, Grimar, Jarl Aldmund and Halfdan. My brother rode beside me,his trophy bow hanging off the side of his horse. For that alone, I suspected that this wouldn't be a friendly conversation.

Our two groups met in the middle, though we both remained some distance away from each other. Just in case it did come to a fight. King Charlemagne appeared regal seated upon his horse, his gaze flickering across all of us. Ageric only had eyes for his brother, Ageres, who met his glare with an expression of disinterest. I found myself meeting the eyes of the large man, who frowned down at me while the other paladin took notice of my brother. A profound silence blossomed between us, neither side speaking of making the first move.

"Widukind… it's not often that I regret giving a man mercy, but you have tested the very depths of my patience," King Charlemagne began before his gaze flickered to me. "And you, Siegfried. Forgive me for saying it, but I really do wish I had killed you when I had the chance."

"No need for forgiveness, King Charlemagne. The feeling is mutual," I told him, making the large man scowl in my direction, a hand falling onto his sword. I cocked my head at him, shifting my grip back on my Dane-axe, giving me more reach. I would need it fighting him, I suspected.

King Charlemagne seemed to find that funny based on his chuckle. "You have the luck of the Devil, Widukind. I imagine without him, this second rebellion would have died a dog's death outside of Frankfurt. I do wonder what the histories shall write? That you led this rebellion or that it was won by the Wolf-Kissed?" He questioned, making my name sound like an insult. But, the insult was for King Widukind. King Charlemagne was ignoring his titles and questioning his valor.

"I suppose that would depend on who wins on this field, Charles," King Widukind returned, making the Franks bristle at the blatant disrespect more than the insinuation. "History shall remember the victors and you… for all that you have accomplished, you will only be remembered for your defeat."

King Charlemagne was the only one that didn't seem angered by the remark. "A sharp tongue you have. Good. I would expect nothing less. Regardless of who you truly owe your victories to, I will acknowledge what you have accomplished. Your victories are numerous, and you've caused a great deal of trouble. Truly, you are a test from God for me and my kingdom." He spoke the words as if they were praise rather than with anger.

"My gods demand vengeance and blood for Verdan. You made this war one between our gods, King Widukind. Even if you wish to surrender, I can't allow it. Offer yourself to me, and I give you my word that you shall be the only one that dies on this day." King Widukind stated. I glanced at him, trying to read his expression. It was the large paladin that responded first, urging his horse forward to protect King Charlemagne while I did the same for King Widukind.

"Roland, there is no need," King Charlemagne said, naming the paladin for me.

Roland looked down at me, his hair a dark brown and there was a close beard on his cheeks. His dark blue eyes narrowed at me. "Astolfo and Arda. Which one of them died?" He asked me, his voice low and threatening.

"Arda," I answered. "She died well and she is surely feasting with your God. Astolfo is my prisoner, but she has been treated well." I told her, making his eyes narrow into slits.

"She-" Roland started, but King Charlemagne interjected.

"Roland. You need not fret, Otto has vouched for the young pagan," he voiced, bringing my attention to him. He inclined his head to me, but his eyes were hard.

Otto has found his way back then? And he found favor with the Frankish King? Good. Unless, "He's not here, is he?" I asked, retreating back when Roland did the same.

"No. Otto is with my children. There are few men of such faith and conviction, and I hope that he imparts some of it onto them," he admitted, and that was good to hear. I didn't need to worry about him during the battle. "As for your offer, King Widukind -- I'm afraid that I must refuse. If I harbored doubts about our victory on this field, then I would consider it -- but God has laid out my destiny for me. I shall crush you here, and reconquer your lands. Perhaps beyond them as you pagans have proven to be especially stubborn."

No one was surprised by the refusal, but I certainly was by what he said next, "I shall extend to you the same offer, King Widukind. Offer yourself to me -- as well as you, Ageres -- and I shall grant you a quick death. You'll be beheaded. No torture or humiliation. A clean noble death, in addition you shall save these men on this field." I realized that King Widukind was speaking the truth. King Charlemagne was confident. I thought that it was him hiding his doubts, but if he was extending an offer like that…

If I couldn't see him right now, I would have called it a desperate gambit. Bluster and bravado to avoid a fight… but that wasn't it. King Charlemagne looked like he thought he was extending a kindness. Like he sincerely thought that King Widukind should take the offer, for his own sake. It was unnerving.

"I'm afraid that I too shall reject your offer," King Widukind returned, his voice decidedly even. Then, in Germanic, he spoke to the Count. "I cannot speak for your king. This is a decision he shall make."

The Count nodded, relaying the words to Ageres in Dutch. And I realized that Ageres didn't speak Frankish either. He only spoke Dutch. Which shouldn't be too surprising, in hindsight -- most people only spoke one language, but I thought that the nobility of Francia would at least share a language.

"Do you think we shall win?" Ageres asked in Dutch, looking to the Count while keeping an eye on his brother. Ageric simply stared at him, his expression so blank that it expressed his simmering fury perfectly.

"King Charlemagne is confident," the Count admitted. "We should stick to the plan-"

"No. No, this was a foolish idea," Ageres decided, looking at King Charlemagne, then at his brother. He was getting cold feet, I realized. The point of no return had arrived, and he was looking back to reconsider the course of action. "Brother -- this is a trick. I was the one telling you where to find the pagans." He confessed in Dutch, speaking freely because no other person spoke it. Or so they thought.

The Count's expression pinched, clearly displeased but he swallowed his words.

Ageric narrowed his eyes, "Twice the traitor then, brother?" He asked with a snarl in his voice. The others realized that a conversation was taking place with King Widukind sliding his gaze to me. I didn't visibly react beyond doing what the others were doing, watching the exchange but pretending I had no idea what was being said. "Father would be ashamed of your stupidity and cowardice. First, you betray me and our King, and now you switch sides in the final hour?"

"I was never on the side of the Pagans!" Ageres protested, starting to seem a little panicked now that he saw it wasn't that easy to switch sides. "That's why I gave you information!"

"You gave it to leave a back door open to your treachery," Ageric refuted, not believing it in the slightest. "It means nothing."

"Then what must I do, brother? How must I prove my loyalty?" Ageres all but begged, sounding afraid. Terrified.

Ageric clenched his jaw, and I could see him visibly swallowing down what he wanted to say initially. "I see our people on the left wing, by the river. When the time comes, you shall do nothing. That is how you can prove your loyalty." He sounded angry that he even had to give this chance.

"It shall be done, brother!" Ageres agreed easily and without thought. He only cared for his own skin and it took a great deal of effort to not scowl at how easily he intended to betray us. Ageric was simply doing what he should -- ensuring that he won the battle. It was his brother that was the traitor. The twice traitor.

"Well?" King Widukind questioned, looking at the Count. The Count swallowed thickly before responding.

"My king has decided to stand with you, King Widukind," he informed with a bow.

King Widukind nodded, and then in stilted Frankish, he spoke to King Charlemagne. "Your offer has been refused twice over," he informed. The Frankish King didn't at all appear surprised.

"You wouldn't have made it this far without guile," King Charlemagne acknowledged. "Very well. If you shall not surrender, then we shall simply settle this with blood and steel. May God have mercy on your souls, pagans, for you shall find none from me." He decided, inclining his head to King Widukind and myself before he turned his horse around and began to march away. I watched his back for a long moment before I found myself meeting the gaze of the two paladins that lingered.

"Siegfried Eirkson," I introduced myself to both of them. They shared a glance at that, and it was the smaller one that spoke first.

"Olivier de Vienne," Olivier introduced himself with a nod, placing a fist on his breastplate. A sign of acknowledgement.

Roland paused for a moment, his nostrils flaring as he released a sigh. "Roland, leader of Charlemagne's Paladins. I would give thought to accepting my King's offer. Abandon your false gods and seek absolution -- I have no wish to kill a boy," Roland stated. I got the impression it was a genuine offer, but we both knew the answer.

"I cannot abandon my gods anymore than King Charlemagne could abandon his," I told him, making his eyes narrow. "I shall see you both soon, I suspect," I said, turning my horse around and following the others that already began to depart. They seemed strong, I decided, meeting Halfdan's questioning look. It would be a challenge to defeat them. But, it was a task I must accomplish all the same.

"Halfdan," I began, speaking slowly in Norse, my gaze sliding to Ageres, who seemed nervous despite his best efforts to hide it. The Count was looking at King Widukind, as if he were trying to catch his eye. Halfdan leaned in to hear me, "Ageres means to betray us. The Dutch shall be awaiting a signal from the Franks -- but they won't attack. He said that the Dutch would do nothing."

Halfdan pursed his lips, "Sounds like we can expect an attack from the river, then." To that, I nodded in agreement. The Dutch had asked to be placed on the left flank, by the river. Despite what Ageres made it sound, I think this betrayal wasn't as sudden as it appeared. He and the Count -- they had been planning this for some time. Perhaps not out of ill intent from the start, but out of a desire to keep their options open should the Saxons be defeated. "What do you want to do about it? Kill him?"

That was the question. "It is King Widukind's decision," I decided, but I thought we should do exactly that -- kill him for his betrayal. The Dutch that fought with us were our people, those that chose to rise up against the Franks. They would be punished alongside the Saxons should we be defeated. Ageres would betray us for nothing more than his own safety. I didn't respect him before, but I actively disliked him now. He was a traitor of the worst sort. "The Count will be watching me. You need to slip him the message," I told Halfdan.

"Will do, little brother," Halfdan said, tossing a wink my way before he rode up to Jarl Aldmund, passing the message to him. Who would then pass it to King Widukind as we rejoined the army, coming to a stop in front of it.

Kind Widukind didn't react to the news in the slightest. I could only imagine what was going on in his head, but whatever it was, he kept it to himself. Instead, he addressed the army before him. "My warriors!" King Widukind shouted at the top of his lungs, trying to address the entire army at once. There was a shocking amount of strength in his voice that his fretting and exhaustion had hidden before, and I had little doubt that every Saxon on the field could hear him. "Long have we awaited this day! The day that we shall finally be free of the Frankish rule! Our oppressors!"

The army roared in approval at the start of the speech, and King Widukind was forced to wait until they started to quiet down. "They have debased us! They extorted our harvests! They raped our women! They slaughtered our people and insulted our gods!" He continued, and I could see the anger in the army. Thousands of expressions twisting with mirrored expressions -- the same anger that brought them all here. The anger and fury that made them leave their homes in droves to fight. "We have suffered many defeats to reach this day. We have suffered losses so terrible I dare not speak of them. However, with our will and the favor of the gods, we are here!"

"We are here for vengeance!" King Widukind exclaimed, the army roaring in agreement. "We are here for blood! We aren't just here for our freedom from the Franks and their corpse god, but to appease the dead! Their spirits are restless and they demand retribution for what they suffered at the hands of the men before us! There shall be no quarter given! No surrender will be accepted! We shall turn this field red in an ocean of blood! For Blood and Verdan!" He finished his speech, and the army roared.

It seemed to shake the air itself, completely deafening me to anything else in the world at that moment. It was a single unified warcry of tens of thousands of people all dedicating themselves to a single cause. It was incredible to see. Awe inspiring. My horse shifted at the sound, overwhelmed by it, but I patted his neck to soothe him. The army was already in high spirits, but now they were chomping at the bit to get to the Franks. Enough so that I thought some of them were going to break ranks to run across the field, and if they did, they'd probably take the whole army with them.

King Widukind seemed pleased with the result before he continued onward, climbing the hill as the army continued to scream at the Franks, who shouted back with defiance. I could only hear myself once we were standing at the top of the hill, and only because all of the screaming was directed toward the Franks. The Saxon King leaned down to me as I took my place by his side, and though I heard it as if it were a whisper, King Widukind was shouting.

"You shamed me, Siegfried," he informed me, making me go very still. I whipped my head around to him to see that there was no anger in his face that the words had implied. I opened my mouth to deny the accusation, but he continued. "You spoke to King Charlemagne as an equal and spoke for me," he pointed out.

… I couldn't deny the accusation, as much as I would like to. I hadn't intended to be insolent. The opposite, really. I intended to defer to him, but when King Charlemagne acknowledged me… and insulted King Widukind…

"I apologize-"

"There is no need for an apology. Not to me. Another King might take great offense to what you did, but I am not that King. I'm just a man that happens to have a crown, Siegfried. Unlike King Charlemagne, who is a true King." King Widukind sounded faintly amused by that. "I only tell you this so you can learn from it. Regardless of the outcome of this battle, I suspect your story shall not end here. It is important that you know these things because you will find yourself in the presence of kings before and after you become one yourself."

I never told King Widukind of my plan to usurp Horrki's crown.

Slowly, I inclined my head to him, realizing the depth of my folly. I still had so much to learn, I decided, looking out at the battlefield. I was forced to reflect on everything that led me up until this point -- my betrayal at the hands of Horrik and his kin. The successes and failures that I experienced over the past year and a half. The lessons that I had learned, both from other people's mistakes as well as the hard and painful way.

It has been a long road until this point, and King Widukind was right -- the road was longer still. The only difference between then and now was, I understood how much I didn't understand.

I had set off on this quest of vengeance without really understanding what vengeance was. What it could mean. The costs that it had.

I understood my ignorance.

"Thank you, King Widukind," I told him, earning a small nod from the Saxon King who chose to impart one last lesson.

"No, Siegfried. Thank you," he told me before he drew his sword and pointed it at the sky. He took a deep breath, filling his lungs with air, and with a shout that echoed over the chaos, he gave the order.

"My warriors! CHARGE!"

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 876 others
Ideas-Guy
May 3, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Weight of the Many
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 10, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,519
The first day of the battle, I didn't fight. I sat on top of the hill with the reserves, my men seated on horseback as we waited for movement from the Paladins. However, on the first day, they didn't leave their king's side, leaving us to watch the two armies clash against each other. I watched with awe as the ground seemed to tremble underneath the many feet that charged across the field. It was almost like seeing a wall move, the air filled with war cries and defiant shouting from the Franks who held firm in what must have been a daunting sight.

Then, seconds later, the two armies slammed into one another with a thunderous strike -- almost as if they were two shields striking against each other. It was nothing like I had ever heard before. Soon after, the sounds of metal striking wood and the sounds of dying began to echo into the air, the wind carrying the sounds to my ears. It was the second battle that I had seen but didn't participate in. Despite the fact that the sheer scale of it couldn't be compared to the one back then, how the battle seemed to take shape seemed similar.

From my vantage point, I saw that a clear line between the armies had been established. The sheer numbers on our side worked to our advantage, slowly pushing the Franks back, but there wasn't a breakthrough point. The two sides were grinding away at each other, looking for a point of weakness and fighting for every inch that was given or taken. I gripped my reins a little tighter, feeling a familiar itch to rush down there and carve a line through the Frank's battle lines. Time and time again, it proved to me that it could change the tides of battle.

The action wasn't missed by Halfdan. "They're keeping their Paladins in reserve because you're in reserve," he stated. "They fear you, little brother. I doubt they'll do anything less than throw all the Paladins they have at you the moment you step onto the field."

It was annoying to hear, but I didn't think Halfdan was wrong. Meaning that I was stuck watching the battle. Worse, there was a possibility that I wouldn't be fighting in it at all. But, it was undeniably better for the Saxons if none of the Paladins fought in this battle than it would be if I helped them. We had the numbers and the terrain was to our advantage. Without either of our interference, the Saxons would win. Something that I suspected King Charlemagne knew as well.

"Then I guess we wait until they're desperate enough," I returned, swallowing my eagerness to join the battle. My gaze slid to the Dutch, who had the King and the Count behind them. They were in command of that flank, and I was keeping an eye out for this signal that Ageres was told to expect. I also wondered what King Widukind intended to do about the betrayal.

The battle continued and it seemed to drag on now that I wasn't in the thick of it. I watched the two sides oppose one another. The initial charge had lost its momentum, and the Franks found their footing, refusing to be pushed back any further. The river ended up helping the Franks because it protected that flank, leaving only one side for them to worry about the Saxons trying to spill out around. Such a thing was prevented by the Frank's cavalry, who charged into the Saxons and pinned them in place.

The sun above began to make its arc across the sky -- Sòl being chased by the wolf Sköll. Hours went by without any significant amount of progress on either side. The Saxons continued their attack and the Franks continued to hold strong. They ground away at each other, but it was as the sky began to darken that I heard a horn blast, telling everyone that the battle was done for the day. It still continued on for some minutes as the Saxons withdrew from the battle, heading back to the hill. Their withdrawal was harried by the Frankish archers, who shot at their fleeing backs.

Seeing the dead on the field, I saw that not many had died. There were piles of corpses, but compared to how many men had fought… there weren't many. I watched as the Franks collected their dead, counting their slain. In a battle of tens of thousands, barely more than a hundred had fallen. Likewise, our own losses were similar.

The wounded were treated, and I at least made myself useful there. My people knew my methods -- boiling knives and clamps in water, using clean bandages and honey to close wounds, and so on. We would have lost another fifteen, but with our treatment, they all could be expected to continue fighting.

The second day of battle began early in the morning. The Franks drew up their battle lines while the dew was still fresh on the ground. The ones that fought the day before were put in the reserves, leaving fresh faces to fight the Franks. And, when the Franks refused to charge, again, King Widukind sounded the horn to charge. Our mighty army trampled across the field, which I noticed was visibly more muddy after thousands of feet tearing up the grass. But, as the hours went by, the mud hardened under the sun.

The battle continued much the same as it did on the first day. The battle lines were quickly set, and it was hours of grinding away at each other. One thing I did notice was that King Charlemagne's forces were tired. It was evident in how they fought. While we had a great many in reserve, the Frankish King had far less simply because he needed to field more men to prevent himself from being overrun.

King Widukind decided to take advantage of this fact. When the sun reached noon, he sent another wave of reserves and recalled the ones that had been fighting for hours. Our men were kept fresh and those that were exhausted were given rest. The Franks were forced to fight until dusk that day, the horn only blowing once the sun began to dip below the horizon.

The death toll was higher that day. On both sides a grand total of three hundred people had died, though I noticed that the number favored the Franks. We had lost more men that day, but it was well worth it in King Widukind's eyes.

Again, night turned into day and the Franks drew up their battle lines, as did the Saxons on the third day of battle. And, again, the two mighty armies clashed in the field. The morning dew turned it into a thick muck as the grass was thoroughly trampled and ripped up. The fighting lasted the day, and again, the Saxons retreated back to our position and the dead were collected. A hundred and fifty Franks and a hundred Saxons.

It was on the fourth day that I took up my position, feeling restless due to my inaction. The losses were mounting on both sides, but the Franks were by far feeling the worst of it I saw, peering through a low hanging fog at them. They looked exhausted and spent. For three long days, they had spent fighting with little hope in the way of respite. It had taken a toll on them physically and mentally. Before, they shouted at us, challenging us to attack them, but this morning, with the sun barely peeking above the horizon, they were almost silent.

"It will be today," King Widukind decided, looking at me as we readied ourselves for another long day of battle.

I glanced at him, surprised by how certain of it he sounded. "Today?"

"The fog," King Widukind answered, gesturing around us. It was a dense fog that hung low to the ground, obscuring everything in a gaze, but it wasn't so thick that we couldn't see through it. "King Charlemagne is clever, but I am determined to not underestimate him. Four days of fighting have turned the terrain into mud, which will slow our charge. The fog obscures the terrain around us. We know that he desires inaction from the Dutch, which leads me to believe it shall come from the river. And, after three days of fighting, he lulled us into a false sense of security," he elaborated.

I gazed out at the field, and the words made a worrying amount of sense to me. "We are ready for it. The Dutch will take action, I will see to it," I reassured King Widukind, who nodded. He did seem reassured.

"Today may not be the final battle, but what happens this morning shall decide the victor," King Widukind ventured, inclining his head to me. As if to say it would be decided by me. I returned the gesture with a shallow nod, feeling a jolt of anticipation rush through me, realizing that I would finally be participating in the battle. As well as feeling a heavy weight on my shoulders, knowing that it really did come down to my actions.

"I'll prepare my men," I told him, passing the word to Thorkell, Halstien, and Halfdan. The three of them welcomed a change in scenery, as we took up a different position in the army, standing closer to the Dutch. Something that seemed to make King Ageres nervous. I couldn't hear what he said to the Count, who was subtly eying me, but I could guess he was demanding to know why I was suddenly so close to him.

On the fourth day, the battle began with a long blast from the Saxon horn. Our men charged across the field, and true to King Widukind's words, with the field turning into such a thick muck, our advance was slowed. The Franks unleashed volleys of arrows, hundreds of them to feather our warriors as they pushed through the slog. More than once, I saw men being forced to leave a boot behind that was quickly claimed by the mud. With the slowed advance, we were exposed to the archers for far longer. Enough so that King Widukind gave the order for our reserves to advance to support our own archers.

King Widukind was proven right once again because today's battle was already different in nature. As the Frankish archers fell behind the warriors, the Saxons drawing close, the Franks unleashed a war cry that was drowned out by a horn blasting. The Frankish warriors surged forward, along with their cavalry, and it was their horsemen that smashed into our warriors first.

The only time I had ever seen a cavalry charge was back in Frankfurt, and the one that I saw now was no less devastating. The horsemen slammed into the Saxons, trampling through the disorganized and slowed charge. The Saxons recoiled from it, offering little resistance to it, and from where I sat I could see the Saxon army buckling under the deadly blow. The mud slowed down the charge as much as it slowed our army, meaning the momentum was quickly lost but the effects of it had a rippling effect.

Not long after, the Franks met the Saxon charge, providing cover for the cavalry to pull back and get ready for another charge.

"Fuck me," Thorkell muttered under his breath, seeing how the single charge seemed to affect the army. The Saxons were still fighting, and still pushing forward, but it was halted and stilted. I could hear their confusion and fear. And I was forced to consider something.

"All those men were prepared to kill… how many of them were prepared to die?" I wondered aloud, seeing how badly morale suddenly became. Something that worsened significantly when the horsemen surged forward for another charge. It wasn't as bad as the first one, but I could see the toll that it took on the wing. It was starting to buckle. The Frankish cavalry was everything my father had said they were and a great deal more.

Overconfidence had made their morale fragile. They felt victory was at hand, that they were winning, and so a single devastating charge had far more effect than it might otherwise have. They went from certain victory to possible defeat in an instant.

"Reserves, charge!" King Widukind shouted, sending in some of the reserves to reinforce the crumbling flank. I saw Grimar and more Saxons start to surge forward, crossing the field and were being feathered by arrows the entire time. My grip tightened on the reins to my horse, waiting for the signal that I knew was coming. I searched for it as the reinforcements cleared the muddy field, and almost as soon as they were committed, I saw King Charlemagne give it. He raised a hand, then let it fall.

A split second later, an arrow with a burning rag attached to it was shot through the air.

I took in a deep breath, knowing that was the signal. I didn't know what the signal meant, but I had to trust King Widukind's gut. "Brave warriors of Holland!" I shouted out, urging my horse forward as my men followed me. "Charge!" I shouted at the top of my lungs, having my men charge with me.

I spoke the words in Dutch.

I knew how people acted in battle. I saw plenty of it over the past few years. When people saw others fleeing, they would flee. When they saw others standing strong, they would take heart and fight. And when they saw someone charging, who gave the command in their own tongue?

It was only natural that they would follow.

I glanced over my shoulder to see Ageres screaming at the top of his lungs to stop the charge, but his words were completely drowned out by the thunderous roar of the Dutch, who were as restless as I was. Ageres had gathered up as many pagans in his 'kingdom' as he could. They were here to fight for their freedom. Meaning that Ageres' betrayal was on behalf of himself, not the Dutch as a whole. A smirk found its way onto my face as I took the Dutch army, leading near four thousand men to the river.

King Widukind knew King Charlemagne well, it seemed, because before I saw them, I heard the thunderous charge of cavalry. My heart picked up, "Spears! Spears!" I shouted out, the mud delaying my men, but we still arrived just in time to see the arrival of the Frankish cavalry that came rushing toward the river. I didn't need True Sight to know who led the charge -- members of King Charlemagne's Paladins.

Three of them. Roland. Olivier. And one other that I didn't know.

Three against one. This was going to be a challenge unlike anything I had ever experienced before, but I was undaunted. My grip tightened on my dane axe as I arrived at the crossing, the Dutchmen layering their spears to block off the point they were trying to enter. The river was deep and it would slow them greatly in the crossing, something that they must know, but Roland simply unsheathed a sword and pointed it forward. At me. The Franks continued their reckless charge, heading directly towards us while my men hastily readied themselves.

"Archers! Loose!" I shouted, and my archers began to fire as soon as they could. Roland smacked an arrow away with his blade and I saw it earnestly for the first time. It was a long sword with oddly dark gray metal, with a crossguard seemingly made out of gold with an inlay. It was the single most beautiful weapon that I had ever seen. Roland only seemed to have eyes for me. While the Paladins continued to surge forward, other horsemen fell as their horses suddenly fell underneath them. They reached the river not long after, and I realized that either the river wasn't nearly as deep as I was told it was… or the Franks had prepared this strategy well in advance.

Still, wading through chest deep water on a horse slowed the charge a great deal, and my archers felled a number of their horses, sweeping away their riders in the flowing river. Between these two things, the charge was massively blunted by the time it reached us. However, it simply didn't matter in the face of Roland and his two supporting paladins.

I saw Roland effortlessly hack a man in half, cutting through his ribs and spine, and chainmail with a single swipe. The other two lashed out with their spears, cutting a line through the Dutch as easily as I did Franks. It was a daunting thing to see, I could admit, steeling myself for the battle to come. However, because I knew the effect I had on the battlefield, I wasn't so keen on letting the Paladins have the same effect on us. "Charge!"

I screamed the words in Dutch, sending the Dutchmen forward to close the gap that the Paladins had formed while I raced forward to meet them. The Cavalry's charge was blunted and then stalled entirely, making them perfect targets for my archers.

I set my sights on Roland. We clashed in the center of the army, the Paladins finding themselves cut off from most of their support. He swung his blade and I rushed to meet it with my dane axe, only to discover how terrible of a decision that was when the edge of his blade bit into my axe and cut right through the steel and wood. And he nearly took my head off with that same stroke.

We passed each other, and I glanced at my axe, finding that the blade was cut in half. The cut wasn't clean, though. It was more like it was ripped in two rather than cut. I circled around, the Dutchmen giving us space even as the battle was waged.

"That's some sword you have there," I remarked, my gaze flickering to the other two.

"It is the holy blade Durandal. A blade given to me by King Charlemagne, who in turn was bequeathed the blade from an angel from heaven," Roland stated, evident pride in his voice. He should be proud of it. That blade didn't have so much as a scratch on it after ripping through my axe.

I was tempted to think it could simply cut through anything, but something Astolfo said led me to believe otherwise. "It's indestructible, but it's your own strength that cuts through everything."

To that, Roland offered a thin smile and inclined his head to me. "Exactly so," he confirmed before he seemed to settle on his horse. "I will not ask for your surrender. There would be no point in it. And as much as I would like for this to be settled in an honorable duel, my king has tasked me with the defeat of your army and the taking of your head. A task that means more to me than my honor," Roland stated while the other two Paladins flanked out. All three of them were coming at once. "For that, you have my apologies, Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed, but you shall die on this field. May God have mercy on your soul."

"May the Valkyries find you and Odin welcome you to his hall," I returned, expecting nothing less. The battle was going well in our favor. I saw it all around me. The Franks had relied on the element of surprise, and without it, their gambit failed. However, I knew that could all too easily change if the Paladins got involved. It was best if all three of them were focused on me. They could single handedly turn the tide of the battle.

With that, I flung what was left of my axe at Roland's horse before I urged mine forward to Olivier. Even as he hacked at the axe, cutting through the wooden shaft, it still stabbed into the horse's chest, making it rear back. Roland fought to keep his horse steady as it kept trying to buck him off, but I focused on the other two for the moment. Olivier leveled a spear at me as I galloped to him, but he was ill prepared for me to jump from my horse and throw myself at the third Paladin, slamming into him and bringing him to the ground.

"No quarter given!" I shouted in Dutch, the Paladin and I struggling in the mud. A hand went to one of my seaxes, trying to stab it into the unarmed Paladin's neck. His white cloak was covered in mud as he struggled to prevent me from overpowering him. Olivier rushed to his aid, but he was beset by Dutchmen that were trying to rip him off of his horse. He stabbed down with a spear, only for his horse to buck when it was stabbed. The back of his cloak was grabbed but he released it, ripping out his sword before he fell to the ground.

"God… damn you!" The Paladin cursed at me, swinging up to catch me in the side of the head with a mailed fist. The blow hurt, and I felt blood dripping down my face, but all I could think of was how the action cost him. Because of it, he didn't notice my hand snaking back to draw the other seaxe on my belt and drive it under his armpit. He cried out in pain, cringing in agony, and he took another swing at my face despite the injury. I stabbed him again at a different angle, but before I could hope for a third time, I saw Roland appear out of the corner of my eye as he chopped a man in half along with his weapon.

His expression was one of sheer fury, splattered with blood and mud, his gaze affixed to me. "Rinaldo!" He exclaimed while I rose to my feet, going to face Roland while Olivier was fending off Dutchmen that threw themselves at him, despite how many of them he killed. He wielded an oddly thin sword that struck out quick as lightning, seemingly able to be everywhere at once and ruthlessly killing with but a swipe of the blade.

While they were preoccupied, I rushed to Roland, hoping to break them apart. Kill one, then another, then the last one. It was the only hope I had of defeating all three of them. Unlike Olivier, the Dutchmen feared Roland, letting him stomp toward me and taking a slash at me. The very first thing that I noticed was that he was fast for his size. Not as fast as Astolfo, but I knew that blocking his attacks wasn't in the cards. Leaving me to dodge in thick mud with poor footing.

I leaned out of the way of the strike, darting forward, but I found a large metal shield in my face and it was only then that I realized how large it was. It was about four feet long and two feet wide, and with how he used it, I only just barely saw his eyes over the edge. I looked at Roland in that moment and my heart started pounding.

He seemed more like a fortress than any castle I had encountered so far. I had absolutely no idea how to attack him. His footing? He was wearing heavier armor than me. I only had my chainmail on, but he seemed more surefooted than I was as he ruthlessly advanced towards me.

My hesitation cost me. A split second later, I felt a cut on my arm as Olivier joined the fight and Rinaldo was covering their backs with his own sword, driving the Dutch away as much as he could. I dodged under his next attack, then narrowly kept my leg when Roland took a swipe at me, the two working in sync. Olivier wasn't as fast as Astolfo, but he was faster than Roland. Between the two, I didn't have any opportunity to attack, pushed completely on the defensive. Unbreakable Guard helped me survive despite Olivier's relentless attacks, but I had no choice but to dodge Roland's.

I was losing, I realized, feeling the sharp sting of a cut just above my knee. My blood was soaking into my clothes, and my arms were starting to burn with effort. Sweat stung at my wounds, making them an irritation.

The two before me were showing signs of their own tiredness, but they still seemed strong. Enough so that no Dutchman would dare to attack them, even from behind.

It was then that I heard it. A sharp whistle that rang out three times.

Just in time.

Expanded vision.
The user's vision expands in scope. The 90 degrees of vision becomes the full 190.

Uncanny Dodge
The user always knows just how to avoid a blow if it is possible to dodge it at all.

The reward for defeating Astolfo. Despite the fact that Uncanny Dodge might seem more useful at the moment, what I chose was Expanded Vision. And, in response, my vision grew. The things that I could only see at the fringes of my eyes suddenly appeared as if I was looking directly at them. It was for that reason I could see everything in position. Thorkell, Halstien, and even Halfdan.

Just as I could see Rinaldo rushing me from behind, a sword leveled at my back as he intended to run me through.

I took in a deep breath and let it out, regaining my stamina from Second Wind.

The real battle began now.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 905 others
Ideas-Guy
May 10, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Shining Stars
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 17, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,559
Strength surged in my limbs, the edge of exhaustion I had felt fading away to be replaced with power. The injuries that I had suffered seemed to close, or at the very least, they stopped bleeding. It didn't go unnoticed by the Paladins, who narrowed their eyes in response, but they said nothing of it. Roland leveled his blade at me while Rinaldo tried to hide the wound under his armpit that leaked blood down his chainmail and armor.

It was Thorkell that broke the brief standoff, throwing out the weighted net that spread out in an attempt to tangle Roland. In the center of the Dutch army, we almost had a small clearing to ourselves simply because no one wanted to come close to the Paladins. The vigor and bravery they showed was nowhere to be seen. They were content to leave them to us, and I suppose I should be grateful that they hadn't run. Regardless, despite the limited amount of space, Roland seemed to sense the action from behind and raised his shield up to catch the net.

In that same moment, I surged forward, my seaxes in hand as I focused on Rinaldo. Kill the wounded one first, then deal with Olivier. Roland would have to come last. Rinaldo seemed well prepared for me, and despite his injury, I saw that it didn't hinder him in the slightest. His thin blade lashed out while Olivier flanked me from the side, his spear darting out, but I was able to dodge it thanks to my expanded vision. It was odd, but I quickly got used to it.

Something that Rinaldo didn't seem to expect, because I saw surprise flicker across his face when one of my seaxes struck out at his throat as the other parried his blade. He leaned out of the way, avoiding the deadly wound, and took a half step back while I pressed onward. Halstien threw out a net of his own, roping the Paladin when his focus was on me. "Honorless dog!" He snarled at me, his sword caught in the net as I pressed the attack.

He wasn't wrong. Not in this case. This was trickery that even Loki would find distasteful. I doubt this stain on my honor would ever truly be washed away, regardless of the circumstances, but there was so much more at stake then my honor. Our very way of life -- our gods -- were under threat. I had racked my brain for weeks, thinking how I could possibly hope to defeat the remaining Paladins. Or how I could hope to defeat even two at the same time.

I trained. I took my boons from the gods. I prayed for wisdom and I sought advice. There was no way I could win and keep my honor intact. And I absolutely must win. I couldn't be so deluded that I would emerge victorious because it was the will of the gods. They threw challenges my way so that I could surmount them with my own will. They might wish me to be victorious, but I knew by now that I couldn't expect their guiding hand on my shoulder.

Morrigan would be quite proud of me if she could see me now.

"None of us have the right to talk about honor on this field," I snapped back at him, and in my expanded vision, I saw Roland move. The net was tangled in his armor, the hooks catching on his chainmail, but it just didn't seem to matter to the Paladin. He reached out and heaved, grabbing the net that a half dozen men and Thorkell were holding onto, and pulled. My stomach clenched when I saw that the dozen men were yanked forward, collapsing, and the only thing stopping them from being dragged through the mud was the fact that the rope snapped.

Roland's strength was monstrous, I realized, pressing the attack on Rinaldo, who deftly fended me off while Olivier was trying to put me back on the defensive. As Rinaldo took another step back, Halstien saw enough. He charged forward, tackling Rinaldo to the ground, and for the action, he found a dirk in his gut, but he didn't seem to mind. I leapt on Rinaldo, plunging one of my seaxes down into him. It found purchase between one of his ribs with a power attack, sliding all the way into the hilt, but I was forced to leave it there when Roland approached.

I grabbed Halstein and threw us both to the side, narrowly avoiding death as his blade lashed out at us. I rolled to my feet but Halstien seemed to just now notice the dirk in his gut, collapsing to a knee. Roland was on us a split second later, his shield gone as he lashed out with a gauntlet clad fist. I started to dodge, only to find my feet grabbed by Rinaldo, pinning me in place.

A split second later, I felt my bones snap and my ribs break when I tried to block the blow from Roland. My feet were ripped from my boots and I only realized I hit the ground when I came to a stop, pure blinding agony radiating from my side. I didn't have anything to compare it to, I realized, gasping for air that seemed to refuse to enter my lungs. I had been struck plenty of times in my life -- by my father, my brothers, by the many enemies that I had faced. I had even seen a man get kicked by a horse, once.

Those comparisons fell dreadfully short as I tried to get my feet underneath me. For the rest of my life, however long or short it might be, I knew that without a shadow of a doubt that I would compare every other blow I experienced to that punch.

Somehow, I managed to rise to my feet, but my arm was a lost cause. It was bent backwards and I could see a bone straining against the skin. Oak flesh was probably the only reason it didn't pierce through. With my one hand, I gripped my seaxes, seeing Roland approach. Oliver and Rinaldo were fending off desperate attacks, and I guess you could say that Roland was as well. Arrows punched into him from my archers, impacting his sides, back, and chest, but he hardly seemed to notice them as he strode forward, an expression of fury on his face. In that moment, I had no doubt in my mind. This was what people felt like when they encountered me.

Only a great deal stronger.

"You're standing. Good. You deserve to die on your feet," he told me, hacking through a handful of my men that tried to slow him down. They died in a splash of blood, Roland hardly noticing their presence. He killed them like they were just ants that he had stepped on a leisurely walk.

Swallowing thickly, I prepared myself to fight. I thought I would have to kill the others to hope to stand a chance against Roland, but it seemed like it was the opposite. I should have focused on Roland to try to kill him first. Comparatively, the others would have been easy pickings. My ribs throbbed with pain and they felt worse than any wound I had ever experienced. The only reason I was able to move at all was the certainty that I would die if I didn't.

When he neared, the pain seemed to vanish entirely as pure death raced for my neck. I threw myself to the side, rolling to my feet, and just narrowly avoided a downward slash. Lunging forward, I went for the throat, only to be forced back when Roland nearly took my head off. Olivier was approaching from behind and I couldn't see Halstien any more. Stumbling a step back, I threw myself to the side when Olivier lunged from behind, rolling past him and managing to drive my seaxes into the back of his leg. He cried out in pain before collapsing, and despite Roland baring down on me, I went to finish him off.

I went for his throat, but Olivier blocked it with a hand. The opportunity was lost, but Roland was there a split second later, lashing out with his blade. I couldn't dodge it, so I reacted on instinct. I caught the blade with my seaxes as I threw myself forward, planting a foot on Roland's chest and kicking off of him. He didn't so much as stumble. The action saved my life, the force of his swing throwing me to the side, but I was whole. Barely.

I was wounding them, but I wasn't able to kill them. Roland stayed near Olivier, who struggled to stand. Despite his weakness, none dared to approach because of Roland. My side was starting to scream in agony, and looking down, I saw that my seaxes was done for. The blades weren't cut in half, but they were bent almost in half. While I looked at the two Paladins, I searched the field for a weapon to use.

My heart fell when I saw Halstien on the field, cut from his shoulder to his gut. The dirk was still sticking out of him. Thorkell was approaching my side, but I held up a hand. "Thorkell. Tell King Widukind that we need to win the battle today," I told him. If I didn't die on this field, then there was no hope that I could fight in the battle tomorrow. King Charlemagne would smell blood in the water and unleash his Paladins upon the army. I'm not certain we would lose because of it, but the losses would be devastating, to say the least.

I could see Thorkell wanted to refuse the order, but he nodded all the same. Behind Roland and Olivier, I saw Halfdan with a bow and arrow, ready to fire at Olivier. Where was Rinaldo? I couldn't see him. I didn't dare hope that he had been killed, but he was sporting two wounds that would have killed anyone else.

"God has willed that we shall win this day," Roland told me with a sense of finality. He sounded so certain of it too.

"If you managed to get the charge off, then maybe," I refuted. I couldn't see the vast battlefield, but I knew that the Franks were exhausted. The Paladins were a terror on the battlefield, and they could thumb the scales in the Franks favor, but just like me, they couldn't single handedly hold back thousands of warriors. The Frank army was reaching the end of their rope. Break them here, run them off… and I would love to see the rest of the Paladins fend off near twenty thousand men.

Roland's eyes narrowed at me, and I saw that I had struck a nerve. He glanced at Olivier, who was gingerly keeping his weight off of one foot. Seeing that his compatriot was fine, Roland marched forward. As soon as he did, Halfdan released the arrow at Olivier, who whipped around to block it. At the same moment, I dove for Halstien's corpse, ripping the dirk from his stomach and flipping it in my hand. With a flick of my wrist, I flung it at Olivier. Roland swiped at it in the air, tearing through it, but it didn't matter.

He wasn't used to things being thrown with my strength. The two halves still sailed to Olivier, who whipped around to block one. The other continued forward, the blade of the dirk punching through his eye and into his skull with enough force that his head snapped back. Roland glanced back at Olivier, as if realizing his mistake, leaving me enough time to grab hold of Halstien's Dane-axe.

I saw a muscle clench in his jaw and fury in his eyes as he whipped his gaze back to me. I lunged with my Dane-axe, using a Power Attack and our blades met. The swipe through the axe was far cleaner this time, more so than Roland was expecting, letting me jab upwards with what was left of the axe. I hoped to slash his throat, but I only managed a small nick on his cheekbone. I was forced to throw myself to the ground when he came back with the back swing, sending nothing but pure agony through me. Halfdan saved my life with another shot from his bow, impacting against Roland's wrist as he swung down.

I scrambled to my feet, narrowly dodging another attack. A swipe from Roland took the head of my axe completely off, leaving me with just the haft. His attacks were coming faster and I was getting slower despite my attempts to keep pace. The fury in his eyes only seemed to grow with each narrow miss, his lips pulling into a thin line as blood slowly dripped down his face.

Then I heard the sound of horsemen and in my expanded vision, I saw the source.

Norsemen rode through the Dutch army, letting loose a war cry, and they charged directly at Roland. Two hundred horsemen, I realized. They weren't here for the Franks that were trying to cross. They were here exclusively for the Paladins.

And when I saw Roland turn to them, cutting through a man and his horse with a single swing, I didn't think it would be enough.

"Wolf-Kissed!" I heard Grimar of all people shout out, looking down at me as his men charged Roland. The Dutch learned quickly to fear Roland, but the Norsemen didn't know that they should yet. But they were swiftly learning, because their charge broke on Roland like a wave against a stone. He planted his feet, swung his blade, radiating an aura of terror so fierce that the animals took notice of it. The warhorses treated Roland as if he were a wall of spearmen, bucking at the idea of charging straight into him.

"What are you doing here?" I asked, unable to feel any relief for his arrival. I was injured and unarmed. If Grimar ever had a hope of killing me, then it would be now. I could see him considering it as he looked down at me, his gaze flickering to my injuries.

"Saving you, it would seem," he remarked, not sounding particularly happy about it either. He closed his eyes briefly, seemingly coming to a decision, "I gave you my word that I wouldn't try to kill you until the war is over. I intend to keep it. For better or for worse, we need you to win the battle." He told me, shifting away from me to look at Roland, his lips thinning. Only then did I let my relief bleed through.

Grimar… was a more honorable man than I gave him credit for. And that shamed me.

"I can't deny the might of their God's champion," Grimar remarked, seeing the body of a horse slam into Roland after he beheaded it, only for him to shrug it off. He seemed genuinely unstoppable.

"... Every time I thought I'd never come closer to death, he took another swing at me," I admitted, forcing myself to stand. "I managed to kill one, and the other is severely injured, but him…" it made so much more sense to me now, for better or for worse. I had had no idea what I looked like from the outside looking in. Before, the only one that could compare to me was Astolfo, and when we fought, we were evenly matched.

Now I understood why people could look upon me and mistake me for a god.

"King Widukind received your message. His orders are to hold Roland back. It seems that you were bait, Wolf-Kissed," he told me. Meaning that King Widukind had another plan in place? I hadn't known that. However, by now, I had learned to expect it. Both that King Widukind had another plan and that he was using me as bait. It did seem to be his go-to strategy.

"How much longer?" I asked him, the pain in my arm slowly getting worse. I grit my teeth against it but it was a terrible and sharp pain that I couldn't ignore now that I wasn't fighting for my life.

"Whenever we hear the Frank's signal to retreat, I suppose," Grimar answered, his tone aloof, though his expression was grim. Roland was splattered with blood, his white cloak dyed completely red to the point that it was soaking wet. The Norsemen had well learned the lesson that they should fear him as he stood on top of a small mountain of corpses. Above us, he looked down, his gaze finding mine as if he knew exactly where to find me in the crowd of people.

The Franks signal to retreat? I could only hope that it came soon.

Halfdan appeared from behind me, his gaze lingering on Grimar but he passed me a hand axe. We had to hold out. But that seemed like an increasingly impossible task when Roland began to descend from his mountain of corpses that seeped rivers of blood. The Norsemen that charged him with such bravery were every bit as skittish as the Dutch now. They circled around him as he descended, idly breaking off arrows that were in his armor as he did, tossing them aside without so much as a twitch in expression.

Keeping him here was without a doubt the single most difficult order King Widukind had ever given me.

It was Grimar that spoke, "Do you fear death, men? Do you not welcome the chance to prove your valor before the gods?! How can the Valkyries notice you on this great battlefield if you whimper like kittens? Charge!" Grimar roared, jumping off of his horse and holding his Dane-axe high. His war cry was met with many others that copied the action, the fear fading away as many realized what a chance this was.

The Valkyries would surely be watching such a man. Normally, it would be a great offense to interfere with such a battle. It could steal the gaze of a Valkyrie from a warrior, but against such an enemy, even dying at his blade would be a glorious death. Grimar had decided how we would survive the battle. Burying Roland in so many men that he was crushed under their numbers.

And I think we both knew that it wasn't going to kill him.

"I'll occupy Rinaldo," I decided, trading a glance at Grimar, who met my gaze for a brief moment. We shared a nod before parting.

Rinaldo wasn't faring as well as Roland was. The wounds that I gave him slowed him immensely, but even as blood poured down from under his armpits, he still wielded his blade with deft grace and slaughtered anyone that dared to come near. His expression was bloodless, sweat dripping down his face with every movement, mixing with the mud. His breathing was ragged and through the sounds of war, it sounded wet. He was badly injured. Then again, so was I.

His gaze seemed to find mine as Halfdan took up a position behind me, drawing his bow and aiming an arrow at Rinaldo. The Paladin of Charlemagne simply flicked blood off of his blade and strode toward me. My arm and ribs throbbed with agony. Enough so that I wanted nothing more than to drop to the ground and cradle my injured arm. It hurt. Would I be able to fight with the injuries that Rinaldo sustained? Maybe? I think it entirely depended on if I felt them or not.

Honor demanded that I face him in single combat. He had no Olivier or Roland to support him now. I didn't see any more Frank cavalry, but I did still hear sounds of fighting. Reaching up, I lowered Halfdan's bow with an axe, earning a sharp look from my brother.

"There's a time and a place for honor, little brother. It's not worth your life," he told me and there was a part of me that agreed with him. A part of me that wanted to sound a war cry, have the men charge, let Halfdan shoot him and leave him to die. At the start of the battle, Roland said I deserved a bible death but he couldn't deliver me one because winning mattered more. I agreed with him then because I was outnumbered.

But this was different. "People look up to me," I told him, striding forward as the Dutch parted for us. "If I don't uphold our ways, then for what reason would they?" I asked Halfdan, and I could tell that he was annoyed that I was right. It was something that I had thought about since the Jarls began to question my place in the law. The death of Alef's family made me question my actions and the implications of them. King Widukind calling me out on how I carried myself…

I wasn't a normal man. Not anymore. Gone were the days that I was a boy on a farm with a bit of renown to my name. I was something more than that. Not a god, but more than a man. A symbol. And I must be aware of that fact at all times.

The last Dutchman vanished between us, leaving Rinaldo and I to face one another. His breathing was heavy as he met my gaze. "My apologies," he said, placing a hand to his chest and making a small bow. "My words before were ill spoken. You are a man of honor, Seigfried. It is a shame that you shall die here," he said, brandishing his blade.

I inclined my head, accepting the words and readying myself.

The duel began.

My duels with Astolfo were something of speed and grace. Both of us light on our feet, dodging and blocking countless blows. My duel with Rinaldo was a brawl between two drunks in the mud in comparison. Our attacks were sluggish and slow, our injuries apparent to anyone that watched. I couldn't use an entire side, my dodging was stilted and clumsy because of the pain and the mud. Rinaldo was no better, his attacks were faster and stronger than a normal man, but to me, I saw how dreadful they were. Blood streamed down his armor, his footing shaky and uncertain. More than once he stumbled from a blow.

And more than once I nearly fell flat into the mud when I overextended.

It was nothing like what the legends told, I thought to myself, nearly losing my nose when my feet refused to leave the mud that enveloped them. I swung up with my axe, forcing Rinaldo into an awkward block that made a pained grimace pass over his face. Yet, the men around us couldn't seem to tell the difference as we traded blows. The pain from our injuries growing and throbbing until it stole our breath away. Our duel continued to devolve as the minutes went by, going from blows that regular men couldn't hope to copy to attacks and blocks that wouldn't be out of place from a drunkard.

Still, men cheered. They would go home and their children and wives to tell them of this great battle between two legends that they witnessed with their own eyes. The story would be so twisted and grand that I doubt I would be able to recognize myself in it, if I didn't die here. The thought managed to startle a laugh out of me as I swung at Rinaldo.

His eyes narrowed at me and despite it all, I had to share the jest. "They think we're gods among men. If only they knew the truth," I told him, my chuckles making my ribs ache. I think I might have been mistaken thinking that they were broken, but I did feel a very sharp pain every time they moved.

Rinaldo blinked, a small laugh blurting out of him, something that seemed to catch him by surprise. A smile fought its way onto his face as his chuckles grew, both of us keenly aware of the state we were in. He couldn't help it either, I saw, when he began to laugh at the sheer ridiculousness of the idea.

Even as we continued to fight, we were laughing. He laughed because I laughed, and now I was laughing because he was laughing. It certainly didn't help our fight -- that was for certain, because it only got clumsier and clumsier.

It was over the sounds of our breathless chuckles that we both heard it.

The sound of a horn.

I didn't recognize it…

But Rinaldo certainly did.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 880 others
Ideas-Guy
May 17, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Well Earned Rewards
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 24, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,617
I had absolutely no idea what happened, I realized, utterly exhausted and completely spent. I managed to block the charge that would have cost us the battle, but I had no idea what King Widukind did to win the battle itself. However, I knew that we had won, because Rinaldo's expression crumpled to one of pure horror, as if the very worst case scenario had transpired. He looked at me, panic shining in his eyes as his grip tightened on his sword. I was on a knee, trying to get my breathing under control, and each breath made the pain in my ribs worse.

Roland was there not a minute later, covered in blood and gore, his cloak gone and his armor was already stained with it. Blood dripped in a river from his sword as he reunited with Rinaldo, grabbing his fellow Paladin by the shoulder. "The battle has been lost," Roland stated, a cold fury in his voice. "We must withdraw," he continued, his gaze meeting mine. Around us, I saw the cavalry was withdrawing already, and the Paladins would be entirely without support.

We could try to bury them in bodies, like Grimar tried to do. But the fact of the matter was that Roland was standing here after Grimar sent near two hundred men at him. I genuinely had no idea how many men it would take to kill him and the only true wound he seemed to sustain was the small cut I had given him on the cheek. It would be a cold, ruthless action -- trading hundreds of lives for two.

"Siegfried -- allow us to withdraw in peace, and I shall spare your life," Roland told me, his tone blunt. It was an incredible threat to utter when you were half surrounded by an army. And it was a very telling sign that I believed him. I'm uncertain if the rest of the army could kill him after he killed me, because there was precious little doubt in my mind that he would be able to kill me.

Was it worth the risk? I took a quick moment to consider it. The Dutch and the Norsemen were looking upon Roland with fear. If they saw me die at his hands, I think it could be a route. Which would open up the pass that we blocked, allowing them to continue their charge. Something that could swing the battle back into the favor of the Franks.

Slowly, I nodded my head, "Go with peace, Roland and Rinaldo." I told them, forcing myself to stand. The words might sound like I was letting them live, but the three of us knew who had been spared on this battlefield.

"We shall meet again," Roland swore, the words sounding like a threat and turning away with Rinaldo. The army parted for him, none daring to attack Roland. He cowed them completely. It was humbling. There was no other word to describe it. I thought I might be angry at my defeat at his hands, because he had certainly bested me in battle even if we did win the war. And there was anger, and even humiliation, but above all else was… the realization that the road ahead was a lot longer than I had imagined it to be.

When they were gone, the Frank cavalry withdrawing completely, I collapsed to my knees and cradled my broken arm.

The road was long indeed.

…

The battle didn't truly end there. It was late noon when the Franks gave the call to retreat and until morning of the next day, our army chased them. In comparison to the deaths and injuries that both sides gave each other during the actual battle, the losses the Franks sustained were far greater when they were retreating back to Antwerp. Men fled into the forests and marshy terrain, and there they were either captured or killed. Given the blood debt that was established, most were killed.

In the half day that passed, the Franks lost near three thousand men, leaving them closer to six thousand men than not when they arrived at Antwerp. An unwalled city. Of those three thousand, a thousand were prisoners.

And it was only when our army arrived at Antwerp did King Widukind find a moment to speak to me. "You've earned some scars, Wolf-Kissed," King Widukind remarked, as light as a feather when he entered my tent. Morrigan was changing my bandages and making sure my arm was bound tightly. She set the bone, and it was a clean break according to her. Though, it would be weeks before I could use the arm.

"Aye, I did," I agreed. My ribs hadn't been broken by the punch, but they nearly did. Morrigan said that they were cracked and it was nothing short of the will of the gods that they hadn't finished breaking. In truth, for the past day, I had been completely out of it. To the point that I didn't know what was going on beyond the fact that we were chasing down the Frank army. "Do you need me, King Widukind?"

"King Charlemagne has offered terms for peace," King Widukind said, and it was as if a decades worth of exhaustion was washed away. He seemed so light he could fly away. "I would have you there, if you're able." I could tell that he wasn't used to seeing me injured. I glanced at Morrigan, who was glaring up at the king with open anger.

"Intent on using him one last time?" Morrigan spat, her tone curt and furious.

King Widukind weathered the anger well, "It was strategy. Everyone expected Wolf-Kissed to be the one that decided the battle -- and he did -- just not in the way anyone expected. All eyes were on him, watching his every move… which is why they never noticed Jarl Aldmund and Hrypa charging from behind. Each day I had a thousand men break off from the army in the dead of night, making a wide trek to get behind the Frankish army. They arrived just in time to see King Charlemagne's gambit, and when they were committed, I gave my own signal." King Widukind explained and I tried to recall seeing either Jarl Aldmund or Hrypa after the first day.

I also couldn't recall counting our number after the first day either.

King Widukind had used me until the very end, I realized. I also thought it would be my actions that would end the war. And that assumption wasn't wholly wrong, it just wasn't what I envisioned. My lips thinned and my brow furrowed in thought, emotions warring in my chest. I…

"I ask that you attend because the discussions concern you. Astolfo remains your prisoner, and the body of Olivier remains in your custody," he said, inclining his head to me. The peace talks were happening, meaning that it was time for ransoms. I took Olivier's body from the battlefield to prevent it from being desecrated like many of the other bodies of Franks were.

Swallowing a sigh, I nodded, "I shall attend the talks." I decided, rising to my feet.

"My thanks, Wolf-Kissed. Once the talks are over, I suspect you and I have many things to discuss." He offered, leaving my tent, and before he was out of earshot, Morrigan immediately started to bad mouth him.

"T'is maddening that you hold that man in such regard," Morrigan muttered, shooting me a sharp look as she helped me dress. My tunic was put on and with a small wince, I put my arm in the sling. My ribs were bandaged, but it was only confirmable standing straight.

"He is a good king," I decided. "He used me well," I admitted. Every step of the way, King Widukind had played me. He knew I was special and he used my abilities, reputation, influence, and presence to win the war. I didn't truly mind since I wanted to win as much as he did, but now that the war was over… it was extremely glaring how much I was used. "If I was in his position, I would have done the same. As would you," I pointed out.

Morrigan scowled at me, "You aren't in his position." She pointed out, rather aptly.

I offered her a tired smile, "Yet." I reminded her, pushing my hair out of my face. I looked at a piece of polished brass to see my reflection -- my beard was still very thin and very wispy, and only in spots. I couldn't wait for the day that I had a full beard like my father.

The reminder instantly soothed her irritation and I found her smirking back at me, "Lessons from a master, then?" She questioned, and that was a rather odd way to put it, but it wasn't wholly wrong. King Widukind taught me a great deal over the course of the war, both in words and in deeds. And this battle, the one that won the war, was the greatest lesson of them all. I was a cornerstone to winning the battle, but not the one that delivered the final blow, and he used that expectation to deceive anyone.

King Widukind truly had the cunning of a fox and wits that the All-father himself would approve of.

"Have everyone gather up. It could be a battle. And if it's not, then we still have business to attend to in Francia," I told her, earning a curt nod. The treasure that we buried. "Where is Jill?"

"Off to speak to her brother. She intends to convince him to flee if he doesn't intend to ask you for mercy. T'is a hopeless endeavor and she knows it. However, she wouldn't be able to forgive herself if she didn't at least make the attempt," Morrigan informed, her tone telling me not to be cross. I inclined my head to her, knowing that I should let her make the attempt.

Grimar… I had very conflicted feelings about Grimar. When I first met him, I wasn't really anything different than what he called me -- a child barking like a dog and pretending to be a man. I was so angry and hurt that I lashed out, trying to provoke a challenge so I could kill him legally. We managed to come to an accord after the massacre of Verdun, and since then, we had been in a terse peace. That changed when he rode to my rescue, regardless of his feelings for me.

I almost hoped that Jill convinced him to flee. It would make what happened next far easier to bear.

Once I was dressed and armed, I sat on a horse. I winced when it moved into a trot, each step sending a flash of pain in my side, but it was manageable. Hopefully, it wouldn't come to a fight. As I marched through the army, I saw many wide eyed stares following me. Despite me not single handily winning the battle, the story of my battle with Roland and Rinaldo had traveled. Predictably, it was already virtually unrecognizable from the truth based on the snippets I heard on the way.

Meeting up with King Widukind and his Jarls, we set out to Antwerp. It was a small city or a big town. It didn't have any walls to speak of, but the buildings were made out of stone rather than wood. In front of the main road, just outside the edge of the city, was King Charlemagne and three nobles. There was a single Paladin with them, but I didn't know them at a glance.

We met in the middle of our two armies once again, and I quickly noticed that King Charlemagne carried himself with barely contained fury. I saw it in his face as we approached. His expression was tight, his eyes narrowed, and there was a muscle spasming in his jaw as he regarded us. He was furious. It was evident when you compared him to how he was before the battle started. I was actually a little impressed with his composure.

"King Charlemagne," King Widukind greeted, his voice cool.

"King Widukind," he returned, his gaze flickering to me for but a moment. "You proved to be a greater threat than I anticipated."

King Widukind wore a slight smile, "High praise coming from you."

"Quite," King Charlemagne agreed however begrudgingly. "I shall be brief with you -- I see little point in continuing hostilities with you and your nation. I am here to discuss terms for peace." The words were curt and direct, displeasure radiating from everyone on the Frank side of the line. I searched their expressions -- Ageric was neutral, but I knew him well enough to know that he was seething. The other nobles I didn't recognize. The Paladin wore a helmet that obscured their face, but when I looked to them, I saw blue eyes that were boring a hole into me.

King Widukind inclined his head, "Before Verdun, what I desired was peace and liberation. For Saxony to be free and for us to practice our ways without fear of your god. Now, however, a simple ceasefire will not suffice. My people have suffered greatly under your brief rule and many were slaughtered. I will see that repaid," he began. "For peace, you must make an oath on your life and to your god that you shall never attempt to invade Saxony in your life time. Your priests are not allowed within our lands. We shall take payment for pain and suffering in the form of ten thousand pounds of gold and silver."

It said a great deal about the wealth that King Charlemagne had because he didn't so much as blink at the number. "For your withdrawal back to your lands, I am willing to make such an oath. However, despite what you might believe, there are good Christians within your lands. I will see them have a shepherd. Either by welcoming them to my lands or having priests grant them spiritual guidance." He didn't mention the cost of gold and silver. That told me that King Widukind could have asked for more.

King Widukind narrowed his eyes a fraction, "Should they wish to leave our lands, then they are welcome to it. Better to leave willingly than to be lynched." There was a hard edge to the words, a clear threat that went heard by everyone.

"That is acceptable," King Charlemagne decided. "I understand you possess a number of prisoners. You desire ten thousand pounds of gold and silver -- I offer this. Eleven thousand pounds for both your blood money and a ransom for my soldiers." His gaze flickered to me, "I shall pay five hundred pounds for the return of Astolfo. Provided that he is unharmed."

He? I had heard that Franks were reluctant for their women folk to fight, but to deny that Astolfo was a woman entirely?

"The Wolf-Kissed can make his own negotiation for his prisoner," King Widukind stated, granting me permission. He was making a statement. Using me again. By commanding me, he increased his own standing.

I slowly nodded at the offer, "I shall accept the ransom. I possess Olivier's body and arms. They shall be returned to you with her," I told the Frankish King, who blinked in surprise. The rest seemed moderately surprised. I'm not sure why. Olivier was a warrior worthy of respect. Regardless of his gods, being pagan or Christian,

King Charlemagne nodded, "The offer does you credit, Siegfried. The bargain is struck. And for the rest of my men?" He questioned, looking to King Widukind.

"Their release is nonnegotiable," King Widukind replied, his tone cold. I fought the confusion off of my face while the Frank's narrowed their eyes. "The prisoners that we captured have been marked as sacrifices for the gods. As I said, King Charlemagne, a simple ceasefire would not be enough. My people require blood for the temple you so callously descreated with the blood of the innocent."

Ageric snarled, "You savage!" He snapped at King Widukind. "What of the innocent blood that you have shed in this war? How many cities were sacked? How many homes ravaged by your bands of barbarians?!" He raged, a hand going to the sword at his belt. Instantly, the tension between both parties swelled to the point of breaking. The Paladin urged their horse forward, intent on cutting me down first. Thankfully, King Charlemagne raised a hand to calm them.

"The difference is that we have won, Duke Ageric," King Widukind replied, his tone indifferent to the tension. "If this is unacceptable to you, then the war shall continue. We will attack this city and we shall slaughter everyone within it. To the last man, woman, and child. Not even a dog, cat, or a mouse shall escape our wrath. On this, I give you my word. Accept the peace that you have been given, my lords. The offer will only come once."

Unease filled me at the declaration. I could hear the truth in King Widukind's words. He meant them. I gazed out at Antwerp, trying to guess how many people would be inside of the city. Two thousand? Three? In addition to the six thousand soldiers? We would win, if only because we had sheer overwhelming numbers at this point. More than three to one. We would win. And it would be an absolute slaughter.

More importantly, King Charlemagne believed him too. "God damn you."

"Do we have an accord? Ten thousand pounds of gold and silver, the Christian yolk will be allowed to leave my kingdom, and an oath sworn that you will never lead an invasion into my lands for the remainder of your life." They weren't questions. They were demands. I saw King Charlemagne work his jaw for a moment, clearly irritated and his composure cracking despite all of his efforts.

"What of my citizens that your people have taken as slaves?" He questioned, and he was met with a quick reply.

"Spoils of war," King Widukind replied.

King Charlemagne's nostrils flared in response, but he restrained himself. He was silent for a long moment, gazing hard at the Saxon king. I saw it in his eyes that this wouldn't be the end of it. There might be a ceasefire, but there wouldn't be peace. Not after this. His grip tightened on his reigns before he closed his eyes, taking in a slow breath as if he were swallowing his first, second, third and forth response. When he settled on a fifth, he opened his eyes, "Very well. The accord is struck."

Ageric glanced at King Charlemagne, his expression one of absolute betrayal. He swallowed it down, "And of my brother? This would be king of Holland?"

To that, King Widukind offered a slight smile. "The open rebellion of Holland is not of my concern. You may discuss terms with your brother. If you can find him," he remarked before turning his horse away. The peace talks were over, it would seem. They were short and to the point. Or, rather, they were a point well made.

Saxony had won the war.

I had no idea what was going to happen to Holland. As far as I was aware, Ageres had fled when I charged with the Dutch. I was uncertain if he was even still alive, or where he could be. However, I strongly suspected that King Widukind knew exactly where he was. It wouldn't be like him to leave a thread like that untied.

A small breath escaped me as we marched back to the army. "Wolf-Kissed, you didn't strike the final blow, but we won this war thanks to your efforts. I don't deny it. Woden smiled upon us when he sent you our way, regardless of the circumstances of your departure of King Horrik's service. I ask of you what you intend to do now?" King Widukind asked me on the way. From where I sat, I could see my mercenary band gathering.

The death of Halstien had been unexpected, and it was keenly felt because I only realized how much I relied on him once he was gone. Still, he was burned with honors. Our casualties were light, all things considered. The Dutch took the brunt of the losses.

To answer his question… "I need to dig up my horde that I buried in Francia. Then I shall sail to Norway. My mother arranged for me to be wed," I answered after a moment. I would meet this Astrid. Though our union would be brief before I would set sail again.

"After that?" King Widukind prompted, glancing at me. I knew what he wanted. He wanted me to stay. To swear to him. For all his flattery and promises, he still sought to use me. I didn't blame him for it -- I told as much to Morrigan. I understood his reasonings. However, I had little interest in a future where I remained his right hand and lackey. It was an arrogant thought, I knew. Many men would kill to recieve such an honor that I felt beneath me.

But I was not a normal man. It was not a mundane fate that waited for me.

"Will you invade Denmark?" King Widukind continued, "You have found an ally in me for your efforts." He offered it too easily, but I suppose that was expected.

Did I intend to return to Denmark after this? I still hadn't slain that wolf. And I was still too young, even if I did have the reputation. With the wealth that I had gained from this war, I could easily hire an army of warriors. Yet…

I was hesitating.

"I don't know," I admitted after a moment. "You are a welcome ally when I do return to Denmark. However, I am uncertain if it is wise for me to return yet." To that, King Widukind's eyebrows rose a fraction.

"You still intend to sail to Miklagard?" He asked me, and that was something else that weighed heavily on my mind. The war had expanded in scope and responsibility. I thought it would be a handful of months of effort, then we could move on to the supposed greatest city in Midgard.

"I am considering it," I said, my mind turning over the idea. I gazed out to my army -- just over five hundred men at this point. The number had fluctuated over the course of the war, but it had settled at around that point. A rather large mercenary band. This war had taught me much. Far more than I had expected -- it taught me my strengths, and it made me aware of my weaknesses. I had experienced great growth as many times as I was humbled.

How I was right now… it wasn't enough. I was deceived many times. I failed to understand my own influence. My army, while brave, would have broken upon Roland and his Paladins like water against stone. My prowess in battle was significant, but the rest of the domains of the gods had fallen to the wayside in the past year and a half. And as Roland proved, I couldn't even claim to be the greatest warrior.

I needed to be better.

"This is surprising," King Widukind remarked. "I thought you would return right away. I would offer you a place in my court if I thought you would accept such an offer." At the very least, he knew that I wouldn't accept. Despite how much he would like me to. "We never discussed proper terms for your contract. In truth, I feared what you would ask of me. You could have asked for my crown if you wished. But, now that the war is over, and in no small part thanks to you, I ask what you desire as compensation?"

I knew what I wanted. "Ships," I decided. "Fifty of them. Fighting men to sail them, and each ship loaded with goods to trade."

King Widukind threw back his head an laughed at my price. Which wasn't an inconsiderable amount. "Still set on being a trader, then? Ha! People will never believe it, but, aye. I agree to this price." King Widukind said, offering a forearm for me to clasp. With my good hand, I accepted, sealing the deal.

Secret Quest has been completed: Help Saxony secure its independence.
Objective: Rebuff Francia's advances into Saxony (Success)
Bonus objective: Defeat a Paladin of Charlemagne in single combat. (Success)
Bonus objective reward: 500 prestige, 250 xp for all Martial abilities
Bonus objective: Defeat Roland (Failed)
Bonus objective: Loot 250 pounds of wealth (Success)
Bonus objective reward: Trait Raider.
Bonus objective: Win (20/15) battles (Success)
Bonus objective reward: One perk.

Quest Reward: Grant Blessing

Grant Blessing: Just as King Charlemagne has his twelve Paladins, the user of this ability can invest in others to empower them beyond what mere mortals can hope to achieve. The blessing is uncontrolled and unguided by the user, nor is it able to be revoked once given. The blessing empowers based on character type; ie, Martial characters will gain physical abilities, or Learning characters will be able to consume or create knowledge at enhanced rates.

Oh. Ohhhhh… Oh.

That... changed everything.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 974 others
Ideas-Guy
May 24, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Debts Repaid
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,680
"So, we lost, huh?" Astolfo had an interesting reaction to the news of the Frankish defeat. I had been a little wary of it, to be completely honest. Which was why I had kept the news from her until the ransom was taking place, despite the fact that her hands were in chains. Simply put -- if she wanted to kill me, then now would be the time for it. A sigh heaved out of her, "Ah… I'm gonna get yelled at when I get back…"

She accepted the news with ease. I watched her carefully, glancing over my shoulder as I headed out of the prison that she was kept in for the past week and some days. I saw her eying my injuries, "I'm guessing you met Roland? Pretty tough, huh?" She continued with an easy smile on her face.

A small huff escaped me, "Hm. Very." I agreed, thinking that it was an understatement. Astolfo laughed easily as we headed out of the camp that was still celebrating our victory over the Franks. And likely would in the days to come. There was an uneasy standoff between the Franks, who still remained in Antwerp, and us. However, in recent days, more news had reached us. The other end of Charlemagne's empire was being attacked, and King Widukind figured that he couldn't afford to raise another army.

That good cheer left Astolfo when we reached the horse that she would be riding back into Antwerp. The body of Olivier was draped over the back of a mare. His sword was strapped into the saddle -- it was tempting to take it as my own, especially considering that it was a much finer blade than the one that I used. A long, drawn out sigh escaped her when she approached the horse, pulling back the cloth that the body was wrapped in. "Oh, Olivier…" Astolfo sighed, her head falling forward.

I didn't offer an apology. It would have been an empty one. I didn't regret killing him, but I did regret the sorrow that it caused.

"Are you angry?" I asked her, getting on my horse. My ribs still ached, but the pain got better with each passing day. I didn't just mean about Olivier.

"I'm furious," Astolfo admitted, sounding remarkably calm in that case. "But, that's war. People die in it. You never want it to be someone that you know, but I've always known that it's a possibility. We aren't gods. We aren't invincible. So, every time I went to war, I prepared myself for the thought of defeat. And dying. And seeing people die." She cast me a glance and gave my injuries a rather pointed look. As if she were trying to say 'don't get a big head.'

There was wisdom in her words. "Does it make it any easier?"

"Nah. Not really," Astolfo confessed as she mounted her horse. "I just have to have faith in God and King Charlemagne that we kill and die for a worthy cause. And, so far, neither have led me astray." Her attention went to the sky, "It's been a hard year for us, but I suspect we'll be in Spain soon enough." She mused, sounding distracted.

Hm. "How did you become a Paladin?" I decided to ask, unable to think of a way to subtly bring up the question. It caught Astolfo by surprise as we made our way through the camp. Tonight, there would be a sacrifice to Woden and the gods -- to give thanks for our victories… and to repay the slaughter of Verdun in full. There was a thrill in the air of the camp, everyone excited for the festivities that would come with nightfall.

"Eh? If you're looking to switch sides, I'd say it's a little late for that," Astolfo remarked, not sounding angry about the question. Just surprised.

I decided to go with a half-truth. "Before this war, I thought that there was none else like me. At least not living. There are tales, of course -- the great warriors Beowulf or Sigurd. Yet, your king managed to find twelve of you… and Arda was a normal woman before she was chosen by King Charlemagne. I was curious how you were found… or chosen," I admitted. Astolfo gave me a lingering look before shrugging her shoulders.

"Ain't nothing too special, really. Some of us have blood ties to him. Others ended up gaining King Charlemagne's attention by chance or by deed, like Arda. But, there's definitely a before and after. I've always been quick, but before the ceremony to join the Paladins and my acceptance of God's grace, I was a lot slower," Astolfo explained, and I got the impression that wasn't something she was supposed to share but couldn't be bothered to remember to keep it a secret. At least that was how I was going to interpret the mild panicked look that followed her explanation.

It was as I thought. King Charlemagne was able to bestow a blessing onto others. I had refrained so far, simply because it was something that couldn't be taken back. I was uncertain if the blessing was the exact same, but it seemed similar in nature. King Charlemagne was creating Paladins through the power of his God, just as I could through the power of mine.

Throughout the war -- from my first raid, all the way to the end of it, I had accrued four thousand Prestige. Until very recently, Prestige didn't seem to really do anything. It just seemed to be a metric for how well-known I was. Now, with Bestow Blessing, I could spend five hundred Prestige on a person to empower them. Only I had no idea how much of a boost that blessing would be.

"How much faster?" I asked, my brow furrowing as we left the edge of the camp. Between us and the city was a wagon that carried a number of chests. The five hundred pounds of gold that King Charlemagne spent on Astolfo's ransom. Considering how much he had invested into Astolfo, I realized that five hundred pounds of gold was likely a paltry sum to him.

"Faster than most people," Astolfo said, not offering much else. That was something, at least. Though, it did raise the question of how much King Charlemagne invested into Roland? Hundreds? Thousands? Tens of thousands? The man seemed completely unbothered by anything we threw at him. And, at what point, did it become a waste to invest more into him?

Why twelve Paladins? Wouldn't it be better to have a hundred warriors that were stronger than a normal man? Was there a limit to how many blessings that King Charlemagne could bestow? Was there a limit to how many I could? Or was it a choice on his part? He chose relatives and people that earned his attention… people that were loyal to him or proved that they had something special about them?

I didn't know. I had more questions than answers, and I had run out of time to ask them. By the cart was a Frankish warrior that seemed terrified as I approached. He made a symbol of the cross as I hopped off my horse to inspect the chests. All the while, Astolfo bemoaned her lot in life. "Ahhh~! I'm going to get yelled at so much! S-Seig! Please, maybe lower the ransom a little? Or a lot?! For your buddy?!" Her panic only increased when she saw that it was all gold in the chests. Five hundred pounds of it.

War truly was the most profitable business if you knew how to win.

"Apologies, but no. It's going to be the bride price for my betrothed," I told her, closing the wagon.

"Eh? You're getting married? Congratulations!" Astolfo said, throwing me a smile as- my eyes narrowed when I saw one hand wasn't in the manacle cuffs that she wore. She just smiled unrepentantly. When did those come off? "Well, in that case, it should be fine. It was fun, Sieg, but I better go back and get this over with." She urged her horse forward and headed to the city with slumped shoulders. "I'll see you again. Sooner or later."

It was a promise.

"Hm. Farewell, Astolfo," I returned, taking the wagon and heading back with my prize. I knew we would see each other again… just as I knew it would be on a battlefield.

King Charlemagne had been shamed during this war. Bitterly so. An insult like that wasn't one that could be ignored. Saxony may be spared if King Charlemagne kept his oath, but I had doubts that the rest of my people would be.

I returned to camp a richer man. Five hundred pounds of gold was an unthinkable sum. I once considered a pouch full of silver a considerable amount. Now, the gold seemed to be the last thing on my mind as returned, far more important things tugging at my attention. I thought the end of the war would be the time to relax, but it felt like my mind was busier than ever. The war that had consumed my attention was gone, leaving me with the aftermath.

Thorkell greeted me as I returned, "Smooth and easy?" He asked me as the wagon came to a stop. I let out a small groan as it did, resting against the back of the wagon. The redness in the white of his eye was gone, leaving him with only the scar that cut through his eyebrow. He was extremely lucky that he hadn't lost the eye entirely.

"They wanted it done as much as I did," I remarked, seeing attention being drawn to the wagon. To them, a single gold coin would be a life-changing amount of money. A younger, less experienced me would have given them that coin as a matter of principle. It meant little to me, and much to them, but I understood now what Thorkell told me when we returned to Alabu. Sometimes less is more. "Astolfo seemed convinced that Francia will be returning to war on the other side of their kingdom."

"Not surprised there. Their king lost a lot of face with this defeat. He needs a common enemy to direct that loss at to secure his position. Not really any different from being a mercenary -- after a big loss, you need an easy win to wash the smell of it out of the air, or people start getting ideas," Thorkell remarked.

I imagined that was true. "Are the men ready to head out?" I asked, getting off the wagon while the chests were carried off to my tent by a handful of soldiers. They were heavy, each one taking four men to lift it.

Thorkell nodded, "Aye, we just need to break down the tents. Are you sure you want to leave?" Thorkell asked me, and in response, I glanced over at the tree. An old oak that stood proudly just outside of Antwerp. In full view of the city. I couldn't see them from where I was, but I knew that was where the thousand odd prisoners were being kept. They had no idea that their ransom was denied. They were waiting for their freedom, half starved to keep them weak. They had no idea that they would die before the sun set. Already, the sacrifice was getting ready.

I didn't know if it was justice. Or if it could rightly be called vengeance. I had no qualms about human sacrifice, but I had only known those that were willing. I very much doubted those thousand men were. I just knew that the vengeful spirits required blood, and blood they would receive. I'm not sure if justice or vengeance really had anything to do about it.

"Aye. I want to grab the hoard before we have to leave Francia," I told him. I still recalled the amount that we left behind -- three hundred pounds of gold, twelve hundred pounds of silver, and fifty pounds of precious gems. Astolfo was almost equal to a full season of raiding. Adding that two the fifty pounds of gold I got for Ageric's second ransom, and the two hundred pounds of gold and silver… I was a wealthy man. Obscenely wealthy, even.

"It's your decision. Just expect a little bit of grumbling on the way," Thorkell remarked. I imagine the grumbling would come to a stop when they saw the gold and gems. I just nodded, and Thorkell added what he really wanted to ask about. "The war is over. What are you going to do about Grimar?"

Jill had been avoiding me since the talk with Grimar. I think she expected me to be angry. Perhaps I might have been at one point, but the potent anger in my blood had cooled.

A sigh escaped me.

"If he doesn't run, I'm going to have to kill him."

…

We left just as the sacrifices began. It was probably seen as rude to not be the guest of honor for the sacrifices, but I was well past the point of caring. The army shifted in position, allowing the Christians a full view of the sacrifices. Many staves were out into the ground and Franks were tied to them before Saxons who lost family and kin to the Franks were permitted to step forward. They took knives and axes to the men, carving at their bodies and the air was filled with their screams of pain and fear. When they died or passed out, they were cut from the post, dragged to a stump where they were beheaded.

The bodies were desecrated further. Hands and feet were cut off, genitals mutilated, while the heads were brought to the oak tree and stacked up. Exactly how the Saxons had been in Verdun. As soon as a stave was emptied, another Frank was dragged to it and the process resumed.

We heard the Franks screaming well into our journey to reclaim our hoard, our departure practically going unnoticed. I kept an ear out toward Antwerp, but it was like the entire city was holding its breath. It wouldn't soon forget this day, for better or for worse. Neither would King Charlemagne, I imagine.

As luck would have it, we weren't that far away from where we buried the hoard. The forest was burnt out, but there were signs of greenery returning already. The landmark was easily identifiable -- a solidary protruding rock above where the treasure was. The men began digging, soon uncovering the bodies of the thralls that had buried the treasure. Then they hit the treasure itself. All of the hoard was quickly recovered, adding it to our growing baggage train.

All of it was loaded up and we began our trek back to Saxony.

The day after the sacrifices were made, we joined back up with King Widukind. He said nothing of our departure, nor about our added wealth. The only things that were said were congratulations for the victory at hand, and planning out the logistics of the fleet that would be built. The Jarls were quick to try to flatter -- they offered wood from their lands, willing to cut down entire forests to provide me with ships. Those that didn't have wood to offer were quick to offer their own ships.

It would take at least six months to build the fleet of ships. It could be sooner, but given how neglected the land was, King Widukind was reluctant to dedicate such a huge force to build ships for me. They would be built to my specification, modeled after my longship. Though, I did accept ten ships for the sake of transporting my wealth and my men.

It was decided that for the sake of convenience, after I was done in Norway, I would sail back down to Saxony to pick up my ships and the warriors that wished to follow me into battle. A fine deal, all around. Especially when the Jarls were eager to know what I desired to fill the ships that were promised.

Morrigan basked in it, but Jill was sullen and silent. Preparing herself for what was to come.

Because Grimar didn't flee.

He wasn't a coward. I would give him that much. I was vaguely aware of what he was doing at any general moment as we headed back to capital of Saxony, the army slowly peeling away as men returned to their homes along the way, usually far richer than when they left. For, it would seem, King Charlemagne had ten thousand pounds of gold and silver on hand. As for what he was doing, I could only describe it as settling his business. He coordinated for his troops to return home, though he found a number of them that were willing to stay. They didn't say they would stay with me, but Grimar knew it was true.

It was how my mercenary band swelled to a thousand men. Meaning that I outnumbered him militarily. Meaning that he had run out of any viable means of defeating me, and he seemed to know it.

Jill went to plead with him one last time some days after we arrived at the capital, a celebratory feast being held. She knew what the answer would be, but she tried all the same. The only thing that changed this time was that in the dead of night, she knocked at my door. I threw the furs that covered me off, pulling the door open to see her standing there with red-tinted eyes and a swollen face. She had been crying.

"He's waiting for you," Jill sniffled, wearing a nightgown. There wasn't any question of who 'he' was. I swallowed a sigh and allowed her inside my room, poking my head out to see if anyone else had seen her, but only saw a few guards posted at the end of the hall. Closing my door behind me, I saw Jill had taken a seat at the end of the bed, wiping her nose on her forearm. "You're going to kill him."

I hesitated to answer as I took a seat next to her. There really was no other way to say it, "I am." She knew that. Her shoulders slumped, so I continued. "I gave him opportunities to flee. I have to kill him. His family owes me a blood debt… but I won't take any pleasure in his death, Jill. He has chosen to take a stand, and I will give him a warrior's end."

Jill's hands curled into fists, "He said… he wouldn't leave unless I went with him. He said that you'd toss me aside once you're wed. I don't have anything to offer you -- I have no lands, influence, or wealth to give." She muttered, and I saw why she was so troubled. It was one thing to do nothing while your kin was killed, but by staying, she felt like she would shoulder the guilt of his death. She was wrong, but emotions didn't care about being correct.

"His choices are his own. He speaks out of fear for you," I told her, hesitantly reaching out to cover her hand with one of my own. Her hand was much softer than my own -- I had many calluses from my axes and farm work. "You made a difficult choice -- you chose me. My mother decided whom I would marry and there is a good chance that part of the negotiation will be that she must be the head wife. But, as far as I am concerned, we are still betrothed, Jill. You gave me your loyalty. That is enough."

The words seemed to reassure her somewhat. She squeezed my hand. I would be a king, and kings were permitted as many wives as they liked. As many concubines as they liked. Horrik had three wives, though I had only met one of them, but I heard tales of some having as many as ten. It seemed unwise, but there was nothing stopping me from accepting Jill as a wife.

Jill's head lowered, taking in a calming breath. "Sorry," she muttered after a moment.

I gave her hand a final squeeze before I rose to my feet, making her glance up at me. "Are you…" she trailed off, and I answered by grabbing my belt that had my handaxe hanging from it. I put it on, and met her gaze, which she averted after a moment.

I swallowed another sigh, "He'll earn his place with the gods, Jill. He's no coward. The Valkyries will see that," I told her, earning another shallow nod. I didn't offer an apology for the same reason I didn't apologize to Astolfo. It would be an empty one. Grimar had made his choice and it was time for us to settle this. Jill was silent as I went to the door, but just before I closed it, she spoke up.

"Good luck," She told me, making me pause for a moment as I understood the weight behind the words. I offered a small nod, showing that I understood.

With that, I closed the door behind me and headed out. I chose not to wake anyone up, though I did feel eyes on me as my feet carried me to my destination. I already knew where he would be waiting for me. The Saxons had a dueling grove before a great tree. A sacred place before the gods to allow two men to test their favor. It was in the middle of the night as I made my way through the Saxon city -- the roads were of packed dirt, and the buildings were unimpressive compared to the dwarven crafted ones that the Franks possessed.

It was a good night, I decided, glancing up at the sky above to see that there wasn't a cloud in sight and the sky was filled with stars.

Grimar was waiting for me underneath the great tree, a great axe in his hands as he bowed his head in prayer to the gods. He was dressed in armor with a fine black cloak over his shoulders. Fine clothes to die in. I didn't hide my approach, but it did take him a few seconds to address me as he finished his prayer. "I'm surprised that you came alone."

I searched the grove to find no one but Grimar here. "I knew I didn't need to bring others," I told him. That got a rueful chuckle from Grimar as he turned to face me, his expression grave. I approached, going to stand across from him in the grove -- offerings hung from the branches of the tree and the other trees in the grove were painted. The grass was intermingled with planted flowers, complete with a small pond.

"Saving you during the battle was business. Not personal," he told me outright.

"I know. A lesser man wouldn't have made that distinction," I told him. It was a stark difference from our first meeting. I hurled every single curse that I could think of at him, trying to provoke him into a duel. He kept a level head then, and he did so throughout the time that I knew him. He kept his word since the slaughter of Verdun. He stayed to fight the Franks when everything looked bleakest. He fought to save me when he thought that the battle hinged on my actions.

And now he faced me here, alone.

Grimar was a better man than I had given him credit for. And I had been too angry and bitter to recognize that.

Grimar narrowed his eyes at me for a moment, as if he were trying to tell if I was being honest or not. "Hm. You're not the immature child that you were," he acknowledged. I liked to think that was true. I still felt like myself, but I liked to think I was a little wiser. A little calmer. The hate that poisoned my soul was still there, though the fury had faded. Now it was reserved for Horrik and Thorfinn.

He hefted his dane-axe and I drew my handaxe, my other arm still in the sling. The sound of a twig breaking brought both of our attention to someone else in the grove. Only it really wasn't someone. A single golden eye shone in the darkness, his black fur making him next to impossible to make out in the low light.

Fenrir stood in the grove, watching both of us. Grimar sucked in a sharp breath at the sight of the wolf, who seemed even larger than the last time I saw him. He was as silent as a shadow, watching both of us. Judging.

"The gods heard your prayer," I told him, knowing that this was a sign from the gods. I didn't see any other wolves with Fenrir, and I couldn't imagine that he would go anywhere without his pack. Especially so close to civilization.

"I'll suppose I'll see if they heard the rest of it," he remarked, his tone one of awe before he grounded himself and faced me with renewed determination.

"For what it's worth, Grimar… I'll take care of Jill. And I'm sorry that you're your father's son," I told him, facing him in turn.

He met my gaze, pausing before he spoke. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry about your family. And I'm sorry I am my father's son."

With that, we clashed…

And I was the one to leave the grove.

…

I got some comments about it over on the patreon, so I figured I'd make an AN about it here. The TLDR is that gender roles killed Grimar.

The longer version is that Grimar was locked into his fate, and he really couldn't do anything about it while still maintaining his dignity as a man. Jill can get away with siding with Sieg over her family, just barely. What she did was a massive social taboo in not siding with her family in all things, there is an argument there. She was betrothed to Sieg, who is basically a living god in people's eyes, and people like a good love story -- so, the bitter pill can be swallowed.

In Grimar's case, he's a man, and more than that, he's a warrior. Grimar is a pretty solid guy all things considered -- rational, calm, and he was able to swallow his pride in putting the war first and foremost. Not a lot of people could have done that. But, due to the traditions of the time, Grimar couldn't flee without being considered a coward. He couldn't side with Sieg because that would make him a coward and a traitor. And he was just good enough of a man that he wouldn't resort to underhanded tricks to survive.

So, his only choice was to die with his head up high.

Also, on another note, in regards to Jill -- there was a quote that I found but I can't find where I found it, but it basically went like this; The first wife is for power, the second is for pleasure, and a third is arrogance. After everything, Sieg wouldn't leave Jill behind but she's not in a position to actually offer Sieg anything. What he would have gotten is a plot of land that he no longer owns. The position of first wife in norse culture is basically the most important one, and the one that brings the most to the table -- either literally or politically.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 904 others
Ideas-Guy
May 31, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks What Comes After
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 7, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,732
"I'll see you at the end of summer, Wolf-Kissed," King Widukind said to me at the docks. There was a large gathering of people to see us off. I could hardly hear the words beneath the ocean of noise coming from the what felt like hundreds of people shouting their farewells all at once. They crowded around the beach at the edge of a dock that housed my small fleet. A full thousand Norse warriors divided up between eleven ships, all heavy with goods.

I almost dreaded setting out to sea, because if we got caught in a spring storm, we were bound to sink. Every ship was barely buoyant underneath all of the weight they bore. The near thousand pounds of gold, silver, and jewels was only part of it. Each of my men had their equipment and their own wealth to bring. Then there was food -- grain, barley, meat, chickens, and goats.

All the same, despite the fact we really did need another three ships to comfortably carry the weight, it was time.

We were leaving Saxony.

"I'll see you then, King Widukind," I returned, clasping an offered forearm. "Enjoy the peace you have won. Saxony deserves it."

There was a rueful smile on King Widukind's face. "We shall. While it lasts," he agreed, letting go of my forearm. "We shall rebuild. We have a tentative ally in Holland, and King Charlemagne has many other enemies to contend himself with. This loss weakened his reputation with his Jarls more than he would care to admit. I believe the next time you return to Saxony, you will see a greater kingdom."

I suppose that was the hope. It was good that he wasn't acting under the delusion that Francia would never return to Saxony. It might take a few years, but one way or another, they would return.

"I hope to see it. Farewell, King Widukind," I told him, getting on the flagship of my fleet. The crowd continued to cheer as Thorkell stood next to me. There was a smile on his face.

"Not what I'm used to. Usually, when people are happy to see me go, they don't mean it like this," Thorkell remarked. "Ready to sound off?"

It felt odd, I decided, giving Thorkell the nod. He brought the horn to his lips and blew it, announcing our departure. Almost as one, the oars dipped into the water, pushing off from the dock. I had spent a year in Saxony, dedicating myself to securing its freedom, and now I was leaving it behind. It was always the plan. I never intended to stay in Saxony, not as long as I had… but the plan changed and I spent more time here than I intended.

It was time well spent, I decided. I watched the people waving at me, cheering and celebrating. It wasn't the plan, but I didn't regret the detour. I was stronger for it. And I liked to think that I was a little wiser.

Thorkell clapped me on the back. "It was a fine adventure. You ready for the next one? Marriage is something else entirely." He remarked, a smile on his face. "It'll make you yearn for the days of war."

Well... that wasn't exactly a ringing endorsement.

…

Our fleet was slow and sluggish. A journey that I had made before and had taken a day and a night of travel now took much longer. We sailed around the coast in case we needed to make a quick landing. As we did, I spent days looking at my homeland. A place that had seemed so grand to me before, but now seemed so very small. I recognized the occasional landmark as we passed by…

Even with a strong current and wind at our backs, our speed was slowed by more than half. An unfortunate thing as it left my mind time to wonder. I hadn't heard much about the war between King Godfrey and Horrik. I had no idea if the war was still ongoing or if it was over already. Was there a battle going on somewhere in the land right now? The one that would decide who would be King of Denmark?

I had no idea. It was annoying, really. I hadn't thought to ask around for one last piece of news before setting off. Leaving me to stare out at the land of my birth in unknowing frustration.

"There should be some news in Norway. Hopefully," Halfdan remarked to me, leaning against the railing, sending my thoughts. "Could you imagine what father would say if he could see us now? A fleet of treasure and at the head of an army? Off to get married to some important noble ladies? He'd laugh himself sick."

That got a smile from me as I settled into the ship. I could practically see it. Father was reserved, but he was poor at hiding how he really felt. I could practically see his eyes falling out of his head if he could see us now. "What's mother going to say?" I one upped the question, earning a laugh from Halfdan.

"You better pray that the gods gave her another warning, Sieg. For the sake of her heart!" He said with a laugh, and it was only after the land of Denmark faded into the open ocean that I realized that he had successfully distracted me.

We reached Norway a day later, but it was another three days of sailing before we neared our destination. An island off the coast of the mainland -- or, rather, a number of islands. With Halfdan as our guide, we managed to find the island that belonged to the strangely named Jarl Hoffer Hofferson. Thorkell was able to tell me a little about him on the way. He belonged to an old family that had held the islands for as long as history. He was a powerful Jarl that commanded a kingdom as large as Horrik did. If not larger. He raided around his territory frequently, meaning that he had a number of enemies.

In short, he was powerful but not particularly well liked by the many Jarls that were within distance of his ships.

We arrived in the late morning, a few hours before midday. We were spotted well in advance because I heard a horn blaring as we headed towards the port. Thorkell handed the horn to Halfdan, who blew three long notes to signal his return. When he was done, he looked to me, "It might be best to sail in with one ship. He's been expecting my return, but I doubt he'll be happy with a thousand warriors showing up on his doorstep."

"Aye, it makes sense to me. We'll go first," I decided, earning a thankful nod. I'm sure the men would have complaints about being so close to shore and having to wait longer, but another hour at sea wouldn't kill them. After giving the signal, my flagship sailed forward while I took off the head of the ship. It would not do to offend the spirits of the land with its frightful visage -- a snarling dragon with a forked tongue.

I saw the town gathering up by the docks out of curiosity, but with more warriors than townspeople. It was a large town. Perhaps a few hundred, but likely less than a thousand. A number that once seemed so unthinkably huge to me. I searched the faces along the coast, hoping to find familiar ones. Instead, I found a well dressed man -- he wore fine furs, his clothing was dark blue with gold stitching. Clutched in his hands was a shield and a Dane-axe. He stood at the end of the dock, waiting for our arrival.

Halfdan leaned in close to me, "That will be your brother-in-law, Hoffer Hofferson." I glanced at Halfdan to see if it was a jest, but his face was deadly serious. "He's a humorless fellow, but he respects strength. So, he'll like you, little brother." I also got the impression that Hoffer didn't much care for Halfdan.

Hm. "Ho, there!" I greeted my soon to be kin, searching his face. He was blonde haired with bright blue eyes with a thick bread that dripped down to the center of his chest. The ship slowed to a crawl, trickling forward towards the docks with dull momentum.

"Ho there, travelers. Halfdan. I see you've returned with an army." There was an edge to his voice.

"Aye! And my little brother, who leads it!" He said, patting me on the back. Hoffer looked at me, a small frown tugging at his lips. I could see the doubt shining in his eyes. I found that after a year in Saxony, I was unaccustomed to the doubt. Though, I was very much used to the disbelief that I was the Wolf-Kissed because of the ridiculous rumors about my height.

"Do we have permission to land?" I asked, meeting his gaze. I saw the frown lessen when he saw that I didn't flinch at it.

There was a brief pause. "Aye. You may land this ship, but my father must grant permission for the rest of your men. I shall take you to meet him," Hoffer said, inclining his head to me. "Welcome to Nordscagor," he greeted me, allowing us to land. With a few more pushes, the ship reached the docks and I was the first to step out of the ship…

Big. Hoffer was big. My father was the tallest person I had ever seen in my life, larger than even Roland. That wasn't true any longer. I only realized how big he was when I stood next to him, I realized that he would have stood half a head taller than my father. He looked down at me with a blank expression, his gaze searching me. He wasn't being rude, but it was clear that he had doubts.

"My thanks for your hospitality," I told him before pausing a moment… "And for extending it to my family," I included my head to him, and that seemed to ease some tension out of him.

I was wrong. He didn't have doubts.

He was afraid.

"Please follow me, Wolf-Kissed. My father waits for your arrival. I'm sure that there will be much to discuss between you," he said, bidding me to follow him. He seemed confused when I didn't immediately do so, instead taking a heavy chest from the ship. People whispered as they watched me and Halfdan enter the town. I saw that it had wide open dirt roads, but the roads leading into town were through a sea monster's bones. I gazed up at them as we passed, seeing that they were carved and painted.

The action didn't go unnoticed. "My great ancestor slew the beast in battle many years ago. Before my great-great-great grandsire was more than an itch in the balls of his father -- the first Hoffer. He made a pact with the spirits of this land and sea -- that so long as a Hoffer rules this land, it shall be bountiful." There was evident pride in his voice as we made our way to the long house. A building that seemed to dominate the town in terms of size.

I suppose that explained the name. "It sounds like an incredible saga. I would wish to hear it in full, if given the chance." I offered and that got a pleased smile from him.

"The greatest tale in Midgard, I say!" Hoffer replied, very pleased with the compliment. He seemed like a simple man -- he loved his family and he was proud of his heritage. I expected worse, honestly. A quick glance at Halfdan told me that I should be grateful for the welcome. I imagine his reception would have been quite different.

The doors to the longhouse were opened for us with our approach and we were greeted by the scent of cooked meat and the sound of men -- the hall was about full to the point of bursting. I scanned their faces, looking for my family amongst them. I didn't see them. What I did find was a man that stood even taller than Hoffer. He was seated in a chair that honestly looked like it could seat two men. His beard was long, his head shaved to reveal a number of tattoos that marked his flesh.

This man was Jarl Hoffer.

"I am Jarl Hoffer the Vast," Jarl Hoffer greeted me without standing as I came to a stop before him. His blue eyes were cold as he gazed down at me.

"Siegfried Erikson. The Wolf-Kissed," I returned the greeting and there were mutterings around me.

"I did not expect your arrival. Much less with a fleet of men," there was a warning in his voice as he regarded me. "Halfdan was to return alone as he assured me you would be busy with a great war." His words were even and measured, offering nothing to hint at his thoughts.

"The war is over. The Saxons managed to force a peace with the Franks, and I found myself with time while Saxony prepared my reward -- fifty ships heavy with trade goods," I responded. There were more than a few gasps at that. Most Jarls couldn't hope to command fifty ships. I'm not even sure some kings did. "It will be half a year until then, so I decided to come here. To thank you for your kindness, Jarl Hoffer."

King Widukind taught me the weight of my influence and presence. The other Jarls taught me how I could be perceived. My mere existence was a threat to them. They feared me because at any point, I could take all that they had. With a simple challenge, I could have become a Jarl of Saxony and none would have protested the challenge or results -- for none was more beloved by the gods than me, in their estimation.

I needed to assure everyone of my intentions. I couldn't blame them for their nervousness or fear.

"You took my family in when Horrik betrayed us. When he hunted them to be used against me, you offered safe harbor and refuge. For that, Jarl Hoffer, you have my undying gratitude," I told him before I presented the box. "I won much in Francia. Please, grant me the honor of giving you this token of my gratitude."

Jarl Hoffer was silent for a moment before nodding. His son… Hofferson stepped forward, going to pick up the chest, but he paused when he realized how heavy it was. His expression betrayed his surprise, but all the same, he lifted with his legs and carried it up to his father before letting it thump to the ground before him. Jarl Hoffer leaned forward, opening the chest and I saw his eyes widen in surprise.

He ran a hand through the chest, letting everyone see the gold coins spilling between his fingers. The chest was filled with about seventy pounds of gold.

As far as gifts went, it was exorbitant. It was more of a king's ransom than a gift.

But I had learned a great deal from Horrik as well. One lesson stood out to me the most -- the bride price. The bride price could be called the estimation of a man's worth. A man was measured by how well he could provide for his family -- his wives, his concubines, his children, and kin. The bride price was a man telling the family of his would-be wife… 'this is what I can give your daughter.'

"A fine gift. A fine gift indeed," Jarl Hoffer decided, and the tension in the longhouse vanished entirely with the words. "I heard many tales about you, Wolf-Kissed. We all have. I see that there was a great deal more truth in them than I gave them credit for. I welcome you to Nordscagor! You and your companions!" A great big cheer went up at that as Jarl Offer stood up, approaching me. "We shall celebrate with a feast! For a victory over the dead god! And a reunion between separated kin!"

Jarl Hoffer laid a massive hand on my shoulder, "Come, Wolf-Kissed. Let me bring you to your family." With the words, my heart leapt to my chest. "They are nearby. Allow me to apologize for the frosty reception -- the very last thing we expected was for your arrival."

He took me to a back room, and I tried to not think about how he would have used my family against me if I did have ill intentions. "Think nothing of it, Jarl Hoffer. You thought I could be a threat and acted as a Jarl should." He glanced back at me with the words, a faint expression of surprise on his face.

"You speak well, Wolf-Kissed," he commended. I did spend a great deal of time with Kings and Jarls. "You will have a seat at the high table during the feast. There is much to discuss, some of which I'm sure your brother told you about." My engagement to one of his daughters. "But that can come later. For now, I will leave you with your family." He said, inclining his head to a door, whose guards cleared out.

I swallowed a lump in my throat when I realized who was behind the door. My heart started to pound at my ribs to the point it hurt. I was more nervous opening the door than I had been before the last battle of the war. Halfdan reached out, throwing an arm over my shoulder, and urging me forward. He shot a cheeky grin my way before he threw open the door before I was ready.

"You'll never guess who I found!" Halfdan greeted everyone and it was like I had been punched in the gut. By Roland. The room was large, but there were a number of people in it. Some I didn't recognize, but I knew most of them. It was impossible for me not to.

They were my family.

I saw expressions of surprise all around and I didn't know who to look at first. My sisters were seated on a bed, their dark red hair was tied up. Meaning that they were married now, but they still mostly looked the same. In a corner, wielding a stool, was Haldur, who openly gaped at me. Lastly, the one that my gaze settled on was… mother. She sat alone, looking up with an expression of faint surprise.

For a long moment, it felt like all we could do was stare at each other.

It was Mother that reacted first, standing up before crossing the room to wrap her arms around me. "I knew I would see you again," she whispered to me and I couldn't swallow the lump that found its way in my throat. I clung to her, tears burning at my eyes. I couldn't cry. It would be shameful. I wasn't a child anymore. I was a man grown. What would the Franks say if they could see me now?

I fought back the tears because I hadn't been so sure. I had made the choice, but I never knew if it was the right one.

"Seigfried!" Helga cried out, leaping up to join the hug, and Solveig came with her. Halfdan did as well, and even Haldur did after a long minute. The last of my family. It used to be so much larger. The quiet days on the farm seemed so very long ago. The time I spent on the farmstead, trying to prove my worth to Horrik seemed so wasted.

The hug felt like it lasted an hour, but it was entirely too short for my liking. Slowly, one by one, they let go. Mother being the last one, leaving her to cup my cheeks as she looked at me, her eyes searching my face. "You got older," Mother observed, almost sounding sad about it. Her blue eyes searching mine, "You look like your father."

I did? I was glad. "I'm sorry," I told her. All of them.

A kind smile tugged at Mother's lips, "For looking like your father?"

"For everything. Horrik and Thorfinn… they did it because of me. Because I became a threat to them." To that, her eyes softened. "And for not finding you sooner."

"It was the gods' will," Solveig decided, looking at me while her hands rested on her stomach. Her swollen stomach. Oh… Halfdan had told me that she was with child, hadn't he? "Losing father… and our brothers, was hard, but it was fate, Seigfried. It's not your fault." To that, Haldur looked away while I tried to find a way to argue the words.

"What happened was always going to happen," Mother interjected, her hands lowering to mine and she inspected the calluses that I picked up. "Your father was an old friend to Horrik, but as they grew older, Horrik became more paranoid of everyone around him. Because of King Sigfred," she began, a thumb running across a hand axe callus. "Your father was one of the last men he trusted, and not by much. He gave your father a test -- to play the part of the traitor to earn King Sigfred's trust. Your father did as ordered, and it is how you were named. However, your father always knew that the duty was a noose. Sooner or later, his friend would find a reason to distrust him."

That's why Horrik was keeping such a close eye on our family. He was looking for signs that my father betrayed him.

"Grimar told me part of the story. I don't think he knew the whole truth," I said, mulling over what I learned. My father played the part of a traitor, but he did so under orders.

To that, Haldur looked up, his gaze meeting mine. We looked similar. Honestly, he looked like an older me with a short red beard clinging to his cheeks. "Grimar?"

"He's dead. I slew him in a duel before departing," I told him. Haldur seemed surprised, but he offered an approving curt nod.

"The blood debt is being paid, but it won't be paid in full until we sail back to Denmark," Haldur said, crossing his arms. He looked at me expectantly. "Before they shoved us here, they said that you came at the head of an army. Is that true?"

"A thousand men and eleven ships," I confirmed. To that, my sister Helga sputtered and looked at me like I grew a second head. I imagine that might be shocking to hear coming from the youngest brother. She used to see Halfdan smacking my cheeks while I tried to not be on the bottom rung of the family.

Halfdan rubbed the top of my head, "The stories we heard weren't the half of it. I was there for the final two battles of the war. Everything we heard… honestly, it was probably played down. Otherwise no one would believe it." Based on Helga's expression, she still didn't.

Mother gave my hands a squeeze. "There will be enough time to talk about the past. We must discuss the future. I heard talks of a feast through the door. Jarl Hoffer possesses twenty ships and two thousand fighting men. Marry his daughter to link our houses, and we can sail for Denmark on the morrow." Three thousand men? Counting the losses that Horrik had suffered during the initial battles of the war, and the losses he sustained over his war with the crown… and half of the army he sent with Grimar now swore to me.

Horrik would be weak. I could do it with three thousand men.

But… "After I kill Horrik, I'll be King of Denmark… but if I were to kill him now, I think I would be a poor King," I confessed, much to their surprise. "I saw what great Kings look like in Francia -- King Widukind and King Charlemagne. They were…" I wasn't even sure how to say it. "They're what a king should be, and while I know much of war, I don't know much about rulership. Or how to lead a kingdom."

I thought I would earn their ire, but Mother had pride shining in her eyes as I continued. "I intend to sail to Miklagard. I wish to see what the greatest city in the world looks like. I need to learn how to be a King before I become one. I made too many mistakes in Francia because of my ignorance. If the gods decide that I shall rule, then I intend to rule well."

When I was ready, then I would return to Denmark. The journey to Miklagard itself would be a journey worthy of song, and once I got there, I suspected that I would have much to learn. It could be years before I returned to Denmark, but that was fine. I had learned to be patient.

For when I returned and took my vengeance… history would remember me as the greatest King that our people ever had.

That's what would come after my vengeance.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 922 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 7, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Strife
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 21, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,775
There was so much to speak of that I genuinely didn't know where to start. Some things were far more pressing than others, but starting there would mean skipping out on context. Which left me starting at the beginning. The very start of the war. Way back when I was fresh off of the farm and following Horrik like a lost puppy, completely unprepared for everything that would come. Completely ignorant of how the world worked or the fate that awaited me.

My sisters didn't seem to know how to react when I spoke of the battles that I fought in. I'm sure that they had heard the stories about me -- they were what led Halfdan to me in the first place. However, it was very different hearing it from the source of the tales. Mother was silent as I progressed through the start of the war, pausing on the murder of Kirk.

Haldur wore a heavy scowl that was matched by Halfdan's. They stood across from me, their arms crossed as they listened. I could see them preparing themselves for what they were going to hear.

I hadn't been there for the deaths of Father and Tormund, but I heard enough of what transpired after I was poisoned. The family was silent when they heard of their deaths, and how I learned of the deaths of my brothers on the farm. Then the death of Brandr on the family farm. I hadn't realized how much the anger poisoned my soul until I was speaking of their deaths and the betrayal we suffered. A year ago, I couldn't even think about what happened without frothing into a rage and having hate dyeing every thought I had red.

Time had soothed the ache of their loss.

There were a handful of questions during my tale -- clarifications and doubt. Especially when I spoke of Roland. Everyone was surprised by my success and the wealth that I had earned. By the time I reached the end of the war and my arrival, I found myself strangely exhausted. It truly had been a long road.

Then I heard their part of the tale and I found myself even more exhausted. How they hid from the bands that Horrik sent after them, their desperate arrival to this land, searching for Ida's kin. The loss of Revna when they were followed. Their narrow escape, and laying low until they were discovered and summoned to Jarl Hoffer. Then the slow building of alliances as tales of my exploits reached them, securing their position and how the building of a powerbase in Norway began.

Mother squeezed my hand, "When I received that dream, I knew it was a sign. It has been hard, Siegfried, but the work is worth doing. And there is still more to do." She told me, leveling a heavy gaze at me.

I nodded. "My marriage," I said the words, not entirely certain what I felt about them. I hoped that me and Astrid would get along, but regardless, I would do my duty for the sake of my family.

"She's a fair girl. Stubborn. Very stubborn, but that's good in a woman. She's training to be a shieldmaiden and has been for some years. You'll be seated together at the feast," Mother told me, and I had never seen her like this before, I realized. Her gaze was sharp and how she spoke… she was focused. Determined. It was a far cry from the woman I grew up knowing -- she could be stern at times, but she was usually soft smiles and gentle words.

The death of our family affected us all in different ways.

"Jarl Hoffer will publically offer the marriage. When you accept, you will be wed at the end of spring during the Ostara festival," she informed me, and I offered a slow nod, showing that I understood. The Ostara festival wasn't that far off. Little more than two months away. It didn't feel like much time. "In the time between, any time you are together, you will be chaperoned. To prevent her from being dishonored."

"I would never-" I started to speak reflexively, but Mother silenced me with a look.

Solveig's eyes danced with amusement, "Don't worry Seig. Sneaking around the chaperone is the best part of courting." My cheeks flushed and I heard Haldur groan in pain.

"I… didn't need to know that," I said, truly wishing that the Allfather would pluck the knowledge from my head, sparing me from my suffering.

"Haha! The fierce warrior, the god walking amongst us, still blushes like a girl," Helga teased, poking at me and I swatted her hand away. Why did I miss them so much? What I had been thinking?

Mother, however, found it less amusing. "If this was a simple marriage, then sneaking around the chaperone would be acceptable. Everyone does it -- it's part of courting. But this is a marriage of an alliance. You cannot give Jarl Hoffer any reason to think you have dishonored him, and that includes deflowering his daughter before the wedding."

How did I make it stop? "I won't! I won't. So, please-"

There was a sharp knock at the door, and I had never been so relieved to see Thorkell when I quickly welcomed them in. "Sorry to interrupt, but figured you should know that the ships are beached and the men are setting up camp outside the town. Ain't enough room for us all to stay comfortably, and I figured Jarl Hoffer would feel more comfortable that way." He told me, earning a curt nod before his gaze swept over my family. One end of his lips quirked up into a smile, "I'm glad to see you reunited."

Mother stood up, "You must be Thorkell. My son has nothing but kind things to say about you. You have our thanks for fighting with him."

"Eh, no need to thank me. I thought Seigfried was worth fighting for and so far, he's never proven me wrong." Thorkell praised, and I stood a bit taller at that. He inclined his head to me and Halfdan, then his gaze lingered on Haldur, who seemed to be sizing Thorkell up.

"All the same, you risked your life saving him from Alabu. He- we wouldn't be here without you," Mother stated, making Thorkell scratch at his cheek, faintly embarrassed at the gratitude.

"Well… in that case, it's been an honor to fight with your son," he replied. "And I hope we see many battles ahead. And, speaking of battles… Morrigan and Jill are down the hall. So, Seig -- have fun dealing with that," he told me, catching me flatfooted by how shamelessly he deflected the attention back to me and I realized that I wasn't at all prepared for that interaction. Morrigan and Jill were both important to me.

However, I did not see good things happening during this meeting.

"Bastard!" I called out after Thorkell as he left the doorway, his laughter echoing. I looked at my family, who looked at the door, their expressions curious, save for Halfdan, who looked like he was excited to see the incoming disaster.

Morrigan arrived first, her golden eyes narrowed into slits, seemingly vaguely offended by Thorkell's parting words. She strode into the room, meeting everyone's looks unflinchingly. The same could not be said of Jill, who trailed behind her, her expression one of trepidation. "T'is a family reunion. Most joyous, indeed."

Solveig and Helga shared a look. Then they looked at me with expressions I couldn't decipher. It was Mother that spoke, "You must be the Witch of the Wilds that my son spoke of. The one that saved my family from a raid," Mother remarked, stepping forward and approaching Morrigan, who tensed like a cat ready to flee or pounce.

"... For all the good it did," Morrigan replied. She seemed a bit uncomfortable when Mother reached out and took her hands in hers and gave them a small squeeze.

"Thank you, Morrigan," Mother ignored the remark, and now Morrigan seemed really uncomfortable.

"T'is merely my own self interest. Nothing worthy of thanks," Morrigan muttered, taking her hands out of Mother's grip. "I desired your son to be in my debt, and so he has been. Don't try to find what isn't there." Hm. She was really bad at taking compliments of gratitude.

Mother gave her an indulgent look and decided upon mercy. For Morrigan, at least. Then she turned her attention to Jill, who stood up straight, but it was obvious that she was struggling to meet my Mother's gaze. I could guess what was running through her head, but I had no clue what Mother might be thinking. "You must be Gunjill, then. We've met, once before. You were just a baby then. I've see you've blossomed into a beautiful young woman."

"She should be dead," Haldur spoke up, an angry edge in his words that Jill struggled to not flinch at. "She's the spawn of Horrik-"

"She has proven her loyalty," I interjected, glaring at my brother, who snarled back.

"Meekly following you and doing nothing while you kill her brother isn't the same as proving her loyalty," he turned his anger to me, taking a threatening step forward. Halfdan moved to step between us, his expression was far less amused.

"I say that it is," I retorted.

"You aren't the head of this family, Seigfried. I am," he responded, and my eyes narrowed into slits.

"Halfdan is the oldest," I argued, my own anger coloring my tone. The eldest son was the head of the household when the father died. Brandr would have been the next man of the family, followed by Tormond. But with their deaths, Halfdan was the oldest now.

"Halfdan is the son of a concubine," Haldur snapped at me, his jaw clenching. And I…

I remembered something.

I had been so excited for the reunion, and it had been so long since I spoke with Haldur, I had completely forgotten something.

We couldn't stand each other.

It was when I started winning our fights that he started to become bitter. Any kindness to be found in him seemed to just dry up and vanish like smoke in the wind. It was why even when we lived in the same home, we rarely spoke. And why after I left to work my own farm, he set out to earn his own renown. I thought after everything that happened, something would have changed.

Nothing did.

He was still my older brother that kept throwing his weight around to get me to do whatever he wanted.

I could tell that the remark wounded Halfdan, but he forged on, "Enough. Both of you. Jill might be Horrik's daughter, but Sieg trusts her. And that's enough for me. Pick your fights, brother. You couldn't beat Sieg when he was a child, and I promise you, you won't be beating him now." To that, Haldur bristled dangerously, his pale skin becoming an angry red.

"I don't trust her. She betrayed her kin, and her kin betrayed us. It runs in her blood," he snapped at me, shooting a glare over at Jill.

I tried to be a calmer person. A wiser person.

I wasn't that calm or that wise.

Clenching my teeth, I placed my hand on Haldur's chest and shoved him. He fell flat on his ass about a foot away, his eyes wide at the display of strength. "Stop. Talking," I growled at him. This wasn't the family reunion that I had hoped for, but wishes and dreams had little in common with reality. "I trust Jill. She has earned it in my eyes. We were betrothed before her father's betrayal, and I say that we still are. She will be my second wife, and you will hold your tongue, brother."

I could see him seethe. The rest of the family seemed conflicted. Solveig and Helga seemed thoughtful, Halfdan and Morrigan faintly amused with my proclamation. Mother… mother was completely unreadable.

"Then she is no longer the kin of Horrik. She is our family," She decided, looking to Jill. She spoke as if the matter was settled…

But based on Haldur's expression, it was anything but.

…

Jarl Hoffer had a large family, I soon learned when it was time for the celebration to begin. The longhouse was filled with important thegns -- all of them either coming from the island we were on, or one of the smaller ones nearby. He had four wives, and six concubines, each wife blessing him with at least three children and each concubine blessing him with one. I'm not entirely sure how many children he had, but it did seem to be a lot.

The Hofferson that I met was the eldest and the heir in his mid twenties. All of his brothers… were also named Hoffer, and were only differentiated by their nicknames. Jarl Hoffer was known as the Vast. The heir Hofferson was known as the Heir or the Tall. I heard mentions of the Oar-Hand, the Strong, the Sun-Kissed, and the Cripple. The Cripple was the only one I could spot on account of the fact he was carried by a housecarl, and he was ten at the oldest. He was an oddly shaped child with well developed arms, but his legs dangled uselessly.

While the reunion with my family did end on something of a sour note, I did meet the rest of my family. Ida and her parents attended the feast -- Halfdan was right, Ida did seem happier than I had ever seen her before. While her parents didn't seem to know what to make of me and seemed more than a little nervous. I also ended up meeting my sisters' husbands. Helga was clearly smitten with her's -- he was handsome, and he seemed strong. Solveig was more reserved with her husband, though she carried his child.

I couldn't get a read on either man. Both of them were obviously trying to impress me, and in doing so, they failed.

The one highlight of the night was seeing little Arne again, who seemed so much bigger than when I last saw him. When I saw him last, he was just a baby that had to be swaddled in a cloth, but now he was walking.

When everyone was brought to attendance, we found our seats within the long house. I was seated at the high table, directly next to Jarl Hoffer. Next to me was Haldur, much to my annoyance. He was considered the head of the family. We were full brothers by blood, but it felt at times that Halfdan was more kin to me than he was. Next to Jarl Hoffer was his first wife -- a woman named Revna, who was a beautiful woman with blonde hair that was almost white in color, and dark blue eyes.

Jarl Hoffer stood up, raising a hand to calm the tables. "Welcome! Welcome! I know you did not expect a feast so soon after the Sigrblót, but there are many reasons to celebrate! Early this morning, as I'm sure many of you noticed, we had guests! An army fresh from the field, from a far off land where they waged war against the worshippers of a dead god. An army of warriors rich with plunder and glory, helmed by a warrior that we have all heard of. Whose family I have safely harbored for a turn of a year -- Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed."

The longhouse became thunderous with applause and cheering. There were many of my men sitting amongst the tables -- Thorkell, the rest of my family, and the leaders of the various mercenaries and bands that made up my army. Halstien's absence was keenly felt.

"This is a celebration of an alliance. Of two men coming together to impose their will upon the world. To the Wolf-Kissed! To victory! Skol!" Jarl Hoffer shouted, thrusting a curved horn filled with mead into the air with enough force it sloshed over the rim. There was an echo of Skol in return and the feast commenced.

He was a different leader than Horrik, I noticed. And approved of. Horrik was more… wordy -- he built up the room, stoking their excitement before he delivered a proclamation. Jarl Hoffer went straight to the point, short and simple. The people sitting across from me seemed to love it. Appearances could be deceiving, but Jarl Hoffer seemed popular with his people.

"Before we get drunk, let us discuss the terms of our alliance," Jarl Hoffer began, looking to me. I found it interesting that he was calling it an alliance. He hadn't used that word before I gave him that gift. "I'm sure your Mother has informed you by now -- my youngest daughter, born to my first wife, Revna. With your agreement, you shall be married and our houses linked. We shall become kin. My enemies shall become your enemies… and your enemies shall become mine."

I nodded, "I have accepted the betrothal. You have my word that I will treat her well."

Jarl Hoffer nodded seriously, "I would expect nothing less from a man of honor. She will be seated with you when the engagement is announced when everyone is properly drunk. As a number of my thegns had hoped for her hand," he admitted to me.

Blunt, but clever.

"I understand," I replied, curious as to what my wife would be like. I did hope that she would get along with Jill. I wouldn't dare to hope that she got along with Morrigan. "You spoke of enemies, Jarl Hoffer. Have you heard anything about Horrik? The only news I heard in Francia was of the war with the Saxons."

To that, Jarl Hoffer gave me a hesitant look. He knew the answer but he wasn't pleased to say it. "Aye, word reached me not a few days before you did. Jarl Horrik is now King Horrik, of most of Denmark. The war turned against Godfrey. After a poor battle in the initial months, a number of Jarls and Thegns struck out for independence. One by one, they moved to King Horrik's banner when he proved to be the stronger of the two. Some weeks ago, there was a pitched battle that decided the war in his favor. Word is that he brought Swedes into the mix in a surprise alliance. I don't know if King Godfrey is dead, but he is a king without a kingdom now."

Jarl Hoffer was visibly surprised by the smile that tugged at my lips. "Good," I decided. A sign that I walked the correct path. Horrik had become king of Denmark, just as I hoped. He would enjoy his crown for but a few years.

Then I would take it from him.

"... Is he not your enemy?" Jarl Hoffer questioned, sounding put off by my reaction.

"He is. I desire him to be at the height of his power when I destroy him," I replied, and Jarl Hoffer seemed more than a little unnerved by that. So, I changed the subject, "As you said, your enemies are my enemies. Who might be your enemies?" I asked him, making his brow furrow.

"I did not intend-" he began, cutting himself off.

"You did. Otherwise, you wouldn't have mentioned it," I replied, and I saw that he was considering me with greater thought. I understood how Jarls spoke and acted when they wanted something. I was more aware of myself and the power that I wielded. "I do not mind. I intend to begin training my army, and the Jarls of this land shall be my whetstone." Drill Instructor. There was a reason the gods wished me to have that gift, and in my time in Francia, I learned that I needed it.

A mob of warriors couldn't take down Roland. They would be slaughtered and the rest would be discouraged and fearful. I saw it with the Dutch and I saw it with the Norse.

What I needed was…

A hand went up to my throat, touching my scar that Fenrir had given me. A wolf pack. They moved as one, and even if I could kill them individually with ease, a half dozen of them nearly killed me when they attacked at the same time. I didn't know if it was possible to make warriors fight like wolves, but I had six months to figure it out.

"... To unify under your banner?" Jarl Hoffer questioned, sounding disquieted.

"No. I will set sail to Miklagard at the end of summer," I told him. I had little interest in being the King of Norway. I only wanted to be king of Denmark because Horrik was. "Consider it part of the bride price for your daughter," I added, thinking it would be a fine display, considering that I was already planning to fight the local Jarls.

I saw the hunger in Jarl Hoffer's eyes at that. I could see him planning to use me for his own ends. He was much less guarded with it than King Widukind.

"I see the stories did not do you justice, Wolf-Kissed," Jarl Hoffer acknowledged me with a nod. "A warrior of your renown and an army of your skill would be welcomed to raid with us for the season. We planned to venture to the mainland. Jarl Hadwin is an old enemy of mine, lord of the Jotunheimen mountains." He remarked, his lips curling into a smile. I didn't truly care much for his grievance with the Jarl, though he would soon be kin. Instead, I felt my heart leapt into my throat.

In the shadow of the throat of the world.

"We can set sail in the morning," I decided, feeling a thrum of excitement race through me. The clue I had received eluded me for some time, but what could be better considered the throat of the world other than a mountain named for the giants? Its shadow would be large, but I was determined to find what this clue pointed to.

Jarl Hoffer was more than pleased, "I look forward to seeing you fight, Wolf-Kissed. Skol!" He said, clanking his mead against mine and I drank deeply. There were thoughts of poison that crossed my mind, but the mead tasted as it should and Iron Stomach would stop me from dying to it. "Excellent! And I believe we have waited long enough!"

With that decision made, Jarl Hoffer stood up, "Quiet down! Quiet down, you bastards! You thought the good news was done, did you?!" He began with a laugh when the longhouse quieted down. "I have an announcement to make. It was a decision that deserved much consideration, and I was uncertain until this day -- upon meeting the Wolf-Kissed! I am overjoyed to announce a betrothal between my daughter, Astrid Hoffersdotter, and Seigfried Erikson! Together, our clans shall rule the seas!"

Waiting until everyone has a few drinks had other benefits, I quickly noticed. There were many cheers, but I saw many expressions twist as if they had bitten into something sour. Astrid, it would seem, was a popular woman. The mead loosened their thoughts before they could think better of it, but I did feel myself become an unwelcome enemy for a number of Thegns.

However, they were unimportant. Simply because, on cue, Astrid was ushered into the longhouse and I saw my to-be wife for the first time. She inherited her mother's blond hair, which was left flowing down her shoulders, a thin woven band resting around the crown of her head -- a kransen. Marking her as unwed.

Something not commonly worn during an announcement for an engagement. Or ever. Actually, I'm pretty sure this was the very first time I had ever seen it.

There was a slight smile tugging at her lips as she strode towards the high table, people gaping at her as she passed. She was beautiful, I noticed. It was little wonder why her hand was so sought after. She was around my age, perhaps a year older than me, but no more than that. The handmaiden next to her was burning red with shame and embarrassment as Astrid came to a stop before the high table, her gaze never wavering from mine.

"You aren't ugly, I'll give you that -- but it'll take more than a fine face before I'll ever consider you my husband," she declared openly and brazenly. I genuinely don't think I had ever received such an insult before. Not from King Charlemagne, not from Horrik. Not from Grimar, or the Paladins.

I think before the war, I would have been furious. My honor was being besmirched and challenged. As a man, I should bluster and rage. And perhaps it showed how much further I had to go, because all I could do was laugh in response. It came from the gut, and when that promptly wiped the challenging smirk off of her face, I laughed that much harder.

Astrid was going to get along with Morrigan just fine.

...

This next arc is bit of a wind down one to let some characters breathe. A little bit of raiding, some training for the troops, and some non-war-related skill grinding. Should be about six or seven chapters before we're off to Byzantium.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 936 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 21, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Shifting Perspective
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 28, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,843
Jill was in awe of the sheer audacity of it, gazing up at the high table where Siegfried laughed. It was his laughter that prevented a fight from breaking out -- a number of his warriors had bristled at the blatant insult. However, it was difficult for them to take offense when the target of the offense didn't seem to mind any. And for that reason, the reaction from the Hoffer clan was seen. It was impossible to fake that kind of humiliation and fury.

"That girl is too headstrong for her own good," Siegfried's mother stated, a quiet displeasure in her voice. Jill knew that she should agree, but she didn't. How many times had she imagined doing something like that? Spitting in the face of her father and brother and their plans? Letting them know what she truly thought of them? And that she wasn't afraid of their wrath?

It was an insult. Not a grave one and not one that couldn't be laughed off, but it was an insult all the same. Yet, she was witnessing someone live out a dearly held dream of hers, and one that she had prayed to the gods for the strength to one day carry out.

"You knew that when you made the marriage offer," Halfdan remarked, Jarl Hoffer seemingly making an apology while he was red in the face. Jill couldn't see Astrid's face, but she seemed to be holding her chin up defiantly.

"I arranged it for her name, not her attitude," his mother replied, her tone sharp. "A woman has other ways of making their displeasure known. She risked too much with this display."

"Siegfried doesn't mind any. Haldur does, though. Oh, I think he's turning purple," Siegfried's sister, Helga, observed with evident amusement. Jill plucked at her dress underneath the table, uncertain if she should speak or not. Siegfried's family was… his family. For the most part, their reception of her had been kinder than she had expected, but now that they were alone together, Jill struggled to find her voice.

Haldur was the worst of them -- that had been the reaction that she expected. Solvieg and Helga were both polite, but distant. Not out of a sense of dislike, but more they were as uncertain how to approach her as she was them. Halfdan had warmed up to her. As for Siegfried's mother… she was… strong, which is probably the best way to say it. Overwhelming was another. "Did your mother ever teach you any of them?" She asked, making Jill's heart leap to her throat at suddenly being addressed.

Had she? Her mother was… distant. "I don't think so?" Jill tried, not entirely certain. It didn't feel like a conversation that she ever had.

"Then you will learn," Siegfried's mother decided. "Morrigan is a wild thing. Astrid is a stubborn thing. A household needs to be balanced and managed, else it'll collapse into ruin." His mother stated, and Jill saw Solvieg rolling her eyes to the ceiling. "You doubt me now, but when the first of your children are born and your husband finds a concubine and you have to live together with her and their children -- you will understand the worth of my words." Solvieg winced, realizing that she had been caught.

That did sound rather similar to what they would face, wouldn't it? Would Astrid feel insulted that Siegfried chose a second wife? Would they get along? Would she hate her because of her history? What about Morrigan? How would she factor into this? Would she and Siegfried be married? That… Jill honestly tried to picture Morrigan attending her own wedding, and nearly laughed at the thought of it.

Well, maybe they wouldn't marry, but there was something there. Something that Jill initially hated because she hated Morrigan. Now…

"Thank you," Jill said, nodding her head in acceptance. Morrigan wouldn't do it. Honestly, Morrigan would be the one that she would have to manage the most. And though Jill didn't know Astrid at all, she seemed about as quarrelsome. If the household needed to be balanced, then Jill was determined to provide that balance. She wasn't a Witch, she wasn't a warrior, but she could do this. This would be how she contributed.

Siegfried's mother smiled in approval, and Jill felt herself sit a bit taller in response.

…

The rest of the feast passed by, the initial insult slowly forgotten as time went on and people got drunker. Still, the festivities never reached the heights that they did before the insult. Jill found herself leaving the feast towards the tail end of it, a plate of food and a horn of ale in her hands that she was taking to the one that stubbornly avoided people like a pox.

Morrigan didn't seem surprised to see her when she pushed past the tent flap, finding the Witch of the Wilds leisurely laying on a pile of soft silks that had been raided from Francia while she carried a heavy tome in her hands. "T'is the feast over, already? I expected a more joyous occasion. A wedding it shall be, shall it not?" Morrigan questioned, a slight smile tugging at her lips as she closed the tome with a heavy thunk.

"You missed a show," Jill informed, passing the plate of food for her. Morrigan… she was stubborn. To the point of self harm. Jill hadn't noticed it until they were in Frankfurt -- Morrigan was something of a vulture. She stole food to eat because she stubbornly refused to go to meals. But, when it became harder to steal when siege measures were taken to protect the food, Morrigan chose to go hungry rather than asking for help. Jill had absolutely loathed the girl back then, but not enough to see her starve.

So, she began to grab an extra plate or bowl when she went to eat. She hadn't realized it then, but it has been something of a peace offering because Morrigan's words carried far less of a bite to them afterward. Jill wasn't sure Siegfried had noticed -- he just assumed that Morrigan could take care of herself. And, perhaps in the wilds, that was true. But, in a city? Civilization? Far less so. Not that Morrigan would ever admit it. Or give thanks.

"Oh? Was she hideous?" Mortigan's eyes flashed with amusement, taking the bowl of stew and cut meats.

"No. She's quite pretty. She was just wearing a kransen to her engagement," Jill informed, earning a bark of laughter from Morrigan. "I don't think she wants to be married." Jill noted, kind of understanding where Astrid was coming from. There had been someone that she wanted to marry, but her brother had murdered him. Then when her betrothal was announced, she had been a bundle of nerves… and absolutely determined to hate Siegfried. Simply because he was someone she was told to marry. That ended rather quickly, of course, and now… well, she understood Astrid's reservations rather well.

"That's because I don't," an unfamiliar voice announced as the tent flap was pushed open, revealing Astrid. Her eyes were narrowed and her hair was pulled up in a rough braid -- it looked like she had fought off an army trying to put it up. A clear sign that she wasn't looking for a husband.

Jill genuinely didn't know what to say while Morrigan cackled in amusement. "What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at the feast?" Jill asked, her jaw dropping ever so slightly when Astrid shrugged her shoulder.

"Probably. But, I'm already going to get yelled at, so what can they do? Yell more?" Astrid asked, entering Siegfried's tent and crossing her arms. Her gaze flickered around, her face pinching when she saw the signs of wealth. Her expressions were easy to read, Jill noticed. Often times she had to learn to read how people looked to avoid their wrath -- especially Thorfinn, who could hold such fury even as he smiled. What wasn't clear was why Astrid was so annoyed seeing the wealth -- the candlesticks made of silver and gold, the piles of silks, a bed made of feathers. Did she hope for a poor husband?

"One would imagine that a beating would come if yelling failed to work," Morrigan remarked, tilting her head at Astrid.

To that, Astrid scoffed, "Father wouldn't beat me. And even if he did for this, it was worth it," she decided, sounding certain of it. "I intend to be a warrior. Not a house-wife that pumps out babies for a man I can't stand." She declared, almost challenging them to argue with her.

Oh. Jill had been mistaken. Astrid wasn't like Morrigan at all. With Morrigan, she actively rebelled against social norms and said what she thought in the most insulting way possible. Morrigan was mean. Vicious. Even cruel, at times. Astrid… Astrid was simply blunt. She knew what she wanted and went after it. She was just willing to step on some toes to get it.

And with the declaration, she revealed why she was here. Why she followed her here. "Siegfried will not stop you from being a warrior," Jill said, gesturing for Astrid to take a seat. Astrid seemed uncertain for a moment, but she seemed to gather herself up and take the offered stool. "He's a great one himself."

To that, her expression pinched. "Everyone thinks of themselves as a great warrior." She doubted the tales. It was difficult to not take offense to that. Doubt was what everyone seemed to feel when they first met Siegfried. Astrid seemed to catch her annoyance and offered an awkward shrug. "I'm not trying to disparage his skill at arms. I don't… dislike him?" Even she sounded uncertain about that.

"He's got a fine enough face. And a sense of humor. His saga sounds like he paid someone to write it for him, though. Suppose I could do worse for a husband," Astrid admitted, however begrudgingly.

"Which brings you here," Morrigan remarked.

"Aye. You're his women, right? Figured you'd be the best place to start if I'm going to learn what kind of man I'm betrothed to," Astrid admitted bluntly. Morrigan seemed so offended by the assumption that she reminded Jill of a startled cat.

"I am not his woman. He owes me a debt of gratitude and I am collecting," Morrigan sniffed, her tone convincing no one. "I am not some meek girl that allows her kin to decide whom I will marry. Nor am I a woman that would let herself be wed in the first place." She spat the words out, making Astrid narrow her eyes in response.

"Don't mind her," Jill drew Astrid's attention back to her. "Wouldn't a better place to start be with Siegfried himself?"

"As if," Astrid scoffed, still shooting a glare at Morrigan. "Plenty of self important fools have come here, seeking my hand. Sure, plenty of them seem impressive -- strong, handsome, with a good name. They put on their best face and foot forward to impress my pa', so it isn't really them. Just who they want to be seen as. So, I do a little poking around to see what's said behind their back. Does he treat the thralls well? Does he treat his people well? Does he treat his woman and his leech well?" Astrid asked, her tone pointed.

Morrigan's eyes narrowed into slits and there was a nasty smile on her face. "T'is such a surprise -- I never would have imagined you had a single wit in that head of yours that wasn't knocked clean out. I wonder who you got the idea from?" Morrigan asked, her tone scathing.

"My mother," Astrid snapped, and she really should have lied because Morrigan just laughed. "Are you laughing at my family?!"

"No. Merely you," Morrigan answered and, oddly enough, that seemed to settle her down.

"Then say what you like. A slight on my honor is nothing when the words come from a deadbeat," Astrid retorted. She certainly was doing a lot better than when Jill first met Morrigan. And she knew her… friend well enough to see that there was faint approval in her eyes. It just wasn't enough to save anyone from a tongue lashing.

"Siegfried treats us well," Jill shifted the conversation back to the topic at hand. Was this what Siegfried's mother meant? Was this balancing the household?

Jill already felt exhausted.

"He's loyal and he considers our words. He has never raised a hand to either of us nor has he been cruel with his words. He's a bit… driven, which makes him draw away from us at times, but it's unintentional," Jill began, tilting her head as she found herself searching for words. She never really had to think about it before. However, Astrid scowled at her words.

"You make it sound as if he's the perfect husband," she remarked, dissatisfied with her answers. As if she were trying to hide the truth from Astrid.

"... He's not," Jill admitted. "Since the murder of his family, Siegfried has been rather closed off with his emotions. He threw himself into the task of liberating the Saxons as much to vent his anger as he did to free the people there. He demands loyalty from us. As well as decisiveness. He won't begrudge you moments of doubt, but he will expect you to come to your own answer without any help from him." Jill admitted, and Astrid seemed puzzled by the rather specific example.

She wished that Siegfried had simply told her what he wanted from her. When she first saw her brother -- Grimar -- he had used her presence as a weapon against him, then told her that she was free to do as she liked. Perhaps it was a kindness that he gave her such a choice, but it was no less hurtful to hear that it made no difference to him if she stayed or left.

"I'm decisive," Astrid said, her tone defensive as if the words were directed at her.

Jill offered a patient smile, "I noticed." To that, Astrid smiled back, seemingly pleased that she had, in fact, noticed. Perhaps it was too early to tell, but Jill didn't see it difficult to get along with her. Though, that could very well be the fact that her relationship with Morrigan completely threw off her perception of a hard-to-deal-with person.

"Simpletons often are," Morrigan pitched in.

"Did you say something?" Astrid shot back, her tone pointedly oblivious. "I have eight sisters. Do better," she added a challenge that Jill knew Morrigan would rise to.

"My, my -- perhaps you aren't meek. Foolish, yes, but not meek. Congratulations." Came the scathing reply.

Astrid huffed before turning back to Jill, "So, he won't stop me from fighting?"

In truth? "I don't think so," Jill answered, uncertain if she could give a definitive answer. Siegfried allowed them a great deal of freedom. More than Jill had seen in her mother's marriage or she was told to expect. She had her right as a woman, especially as a high-born, but those rights came with extreme action and consequences. Divorce was not something lightly considered, because it could mean death and long-standing enemies. "Neither Morrigan nor I are warriors, but he didn't seem against the idea back in Frankfurt."

To that, Astrid's eyes flashed with excitement. "You fought in a battle?" She asked, and it was an incredible thing to see. Astrid had been polite, even friendly, but Jill could visibly see Astrid's respect for her rising.

"I didn't fight exactly. There was a siege in Francia -- the Saxon warriors tunneled out while letting the Franks in, but the tunnel collapsed. Siegfried and a thousand men were trapped within when the tunnel caved in, so I pointed some warriors to a secret entrance and they were able to escape that way. I didn't swing a sword or anything," Jill explained but Astrid was trembling with excitement.

"You diminish your accomplishments! Would he have died without your aid?" Astrid asked, leaning in. She had very blue eyes, Jill noticed.

Her first instinct was to say no. She had seen Siegfried fight.

A memory flashed in her mind -- of a grove with Grimar and Siegfried standing underneath the full moon, the wolf that would swallow the sun watching the battle. It ended quickly. Cleanly. A single swipe of the axe and her brother died. It had taken everything she had to not cry out and to sneak back to her room to weep for her brother one last time.

Siegfried denied the claims that he was a god, but there was a reason why so many people believed otherwise. Perhaps he wasn't a god in full, but surely Thor was a sire of his bloodline. It was one of the few things that made sense.

Then she recalled how weak he seemed as she carried him through the secret tunnel, forced to use her as a crutch. He was completely soaked from head to toe in blood, utterly spent, and the moment he sensed safety, he had allowed himself to pass out. It was the weakest she had ever seen him.

"Perhaps," Jill allowed after a moment of thought.

"A fine tale, then! I'm sure if I ever hear the story of Frankfurt, the men will leave out your contribution. They'll say that he slaughtered his way out, killing a hundred men with every swing of his blade. I'm glad to know the truth of it," Astrid said, offering her a nod. Jill sat a little straighter, feeling pride for a moment. She wasn't sure if they would be friends yet, but at the very least, Astrid was more pleasant than Morrigan.

"Satisfied with what you have learned? Then shoo -- be off. I was reading before your interruption," Morrigan interjected.

Astrid tilted her head as if thinking about it. "Wouldn't say I'm satisfied just yet. Any man that wishes to marry me has to earn the right, not buy it. But, I shall leave you be-" Astrid started, only to be interrupted by the tent flap opening and a tired-looking Siegfried entering his tent. Jill was struck once again by how much he had changed over the year and months. They had met when they were both thirteen, and he had so clearly been a boy then.

Now he was transitioning into being a man -- he must be fifteen now. His hair was longer, his face was less soft. He was taller, with broader shoulders. Already, he stood at a height most fully grown did.

Which made his look of bafflement all the more amusing when she watched his bright blue eyes flicker between her, Morrigan, and Astrid, who wore a mirrored expression. He paused, considering it, and… "I'll find somewhere else to sleep," he decided, letting the flap fall and walking away.

He must have heard them laughing.

…

The next day, early in the morning, Siegfried had called for everyone to gather up. As his betrothed and soon-to-be second wife, Jill felt duty-bound to attend. Even if there was nothing more that she would have preferred than staying in bed. She stood behind him, trying to look presentable as she gazed out at the warriors of his army. A thousand men seemed so many when they were gathered up in one place. It was a mercenary company as grand as the army her father had summoned for war with the Franks.

Something that took him the better part of thirty years. The city of Alabu wasn't important. It stood at no great trade route. Not until her father made it so.

"My warriors! I'm sure you spent too much time celebrating last night, so I'll keep this short. We will be raiding the Jarls of this land with Jarl Hoffer -- to stop you from getting fat and soft," Siegfried informed, making them men cheer at the prospect of greater riches. As if all of them weren't already rich with plunder and spoils. "But things shall be different during this raid. Some time ago, when I was working my farm, I was beset by a pack of wolves. One of which gave me this kiss on my neck." He leaned his head back to reveal the scar that should have killed him. It had faded some, but it was still prominent against his pale skin.

"What you haven't heard was the truth -- it wasn't the wolf that bit my neck that nearly killed me. It was the half dozen wolves that attacked me at once that nearly killed me," Siegfried explained. The thought of him almost dying was a strange one for many within the army, Jill saw. Even Thorkell seemed faintly surprised. "In Francia, we won glory and riches. However, we also found great enemies. Roland, Rinaldo, Astolfo -- all great warriors. King Charlemagne, a great king that commanded armies of many thousands. All of you are warriors who have chosen to follow me either out of contract or personal beliefs."

He spoke like her father, Jill realized, feeling her gut clench. She heard his speeches often. She recognized it. Jill was so surprised that she nearly missed what he said. "It is my intention to turn this army of mercenaries into a single unified army. I wish to fight like the wolfpack, because I know, no matter how great the warrior across the field, nor how numerous, we will win. Not just because of me. Because of you and how you fight."

The men cheered at the mere thought of it, accepting the flattery. They were completely oblivious to what was happening, Jill knew. The men in her father's court were just as oblivious despite the method being similar every single time -- good news, flattery, then something that they wouldn't want to hear, followed by reassurance and more flattery. Cushioning the bad news, her father called it.

"Which is why today, I am announcing three things -- first, I will be appointing thegns and chieftains within this army. These positions will not be inherited. They shall be earned," Siegfried continued, and the good cheer stopped for some of the men. The leaders of mercenaries that folded underneath his banner, but their men were cheering. "This promotion will be rewarded with a half pound of silver, and an increased share of any loot taken." That got even louder cheering.

Siegfried had lost his understanding of money, Jill realized. It was only natural, she supposed. Over the course of nearly two years, he started with a sizable farm and ended it with half a ton of gold alone. But to anyone else, a half pound of silver was a life-changing amount of money. Enough for a regular man to retire on a good plot of land, purchase a number of strong slaves, and provide for his family. A dangerous thing, but Jill couldn't deny that it gave the men a great deal of motivation.

"The second announcement is that you have six months to prove yourself worthy of these positions. We shall raid throughout Norway, seeking challenges and opportunities for glory. Each battle, you will have the chance to prove yourself worthy -- to be the man others look to, and display your skill at arms. We shall be watching. This is your chance! For in six months, our numbers shall swell again!" He called out, and there was more cheering. Some seemed to understand what was being said, but most were lost in the thought of glory.

"And my last announcement! A challenge to you directly -- in the battles to come, to prove your prowess, I am creating a competition. For every man that you slay on the field of battle, collect their arms and armor. When enough is collected, I shall pay for it to be smelted and turned into fine weapons and armor for you," Siegfried exclaimed, making Jill's eyes widen significantly. She had never heard of such a thing before.

Armor was expensive. At the very least, Siegfried should know that. He went around selling chainmail before his first raid. It was a costly and time-consuming endeavor. It was for that reason that most warriors only wore a gambeson if they wore any armor at all.

Jill looked out at the army, who was busy cheering so loudly that the island wouldn't be needing any roosters, and she tried to picture it.

What would a thousand men clad in fine armor and weapons look like?

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 916 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 28, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks What You're Looking For
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 5, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,895
Before we could set sail, we did have a number of things to deal with. Most pressing among them were the various leaders within my army who were less than pleased that their positions were under threat. I had expected as much, and Thorkell prepared me for their anger and fear. However, it was an important step to turn my mercenary band into a proper army.

For that reason, we held a competition on the beach and took votes. Warriors and archers proved their skill -- a number of butts were set up, testing the aim of my archers while melees were set up to test the might of the fighters. The votes measured the popularity and trust that some of my warriors inspired, providing me with a short list of potential leaders. However, unknown to them, there was an additional quality that I was looking for, known only to me.

True Sight marking them.

As far as I could tell, in my experimentation with the sight of the gods -- red meant that someone was an enemy. Gray marked them as neutral, even if they happened to be on my side. Blue meant that they were an ally or friend -- that they were loyal. What gold meant proved to be elusive for the most part, but gold seemed to be what I was looking for. It marked them as important.

My family was gold until recently. Now they were blue, even Halfdan, who had been marked with gold since our reunion in Saxony. They were still important to me, but what changed was the fact that I had found them. We were together again.

Now, as I sat with little Arne in my lap, looking out at my warriors, I saw a number of them were marked with gold. Some of which had been blue prior, and others had been gray. What changed was what I was looking for -- leaders.

"Are you sure you have to go raiding? Looked like your ships were about to capsize when you sailed in," Solvieg questioned as she braided my hair -- a long, thick braid that went down the middle while smaller braids were woven into it. She was struggling to pull one of them out of Arne's hands, who was fascinated with my red hair. As if he didn't have any of his own.

Arne was big. Well, for a child of a year and some months. Despite the loss of his parents, he seemed joyous, and absolutely determined to cause mischief. He squirmed in my lap because he wanted to go down to the beach where the rest of the warriors were fighting.

"It's not about wealth. It is for the experience -- I have little experience leading men in pitched battle," I admitted. In ambushes? In a siege? I had plenty of practice, but with the battle lines drawn and two equal forces smashing into one another? I had fought in those battles, but I hadn't led them. Tactics was what I was lacking. What King Widukind did never would have occurred to me -- to obscure five thousand men in ten thousand. To use time and positioning. The way he used the enemy's perception and expectations against them was simply beyond me.

I was a great warrior. Not the greatest, but one of them. Now I needed to be a great leader. I needed to use what I learned in Francia.

"And conquering half of Norway is just a happy coincidence?" She wondered, finally managing to pry the lock of hair from Arne's grip, something that infuriated him based on how his expression pinched. To prevent any tears, I offered another lock of hair and Solvieg sighed, knowing that she'd have to fight for it too.

"Norway isn't any of my concern. If Jarl Hoffer wants it when I'm done, he can have it," I dismissed, seeing a warrior outlined in gold win another bout. He seemed well liked by a number of warriors, based on the amount of cheering. However, I didn't recognize him as one of the faces I memorized who were marked as blue before. Meaning that he had been gray.

It had been some time, yet I hadn't used the greatest reward that I had received from the war -- Grant Blessing. I was paralyzed with indecision, torn on what I should do with it. Part of me wanted to spend all of my prestige on my family. Making them greater and stronger, or whatever kind of blessing they would receive. If only to protect them while I wasn't here. However, if I were to use it on little Arne right now, what would be the result?

Would he be made stronger? Smarter? The blessing was determined by character, but he was a baby. What character could he have? Would he gain nothing from the blessing? Or would he discover he has an immense potential in something as he grew… but having talent didn't mean it would be realized.

Another part of me thought that I should only use it on those in my army. On the ones I would be taking with me into battle to improve their prowess. I had four thousand prestige, meaning that I could bless eight people. Would it be wiser to spend it all on someone I knew? That I trusted? Thorkell was the only one that came to mind.

There were too many choices and I was deathly afraid of making a mistake. However, I sensed that it was past time to make that decision. I saw as much when my eye caught Astrid. Or, rather, the warrior that was fighting amongst my men, but she wore a helm to hide her face and her hair was tucked underneath. I only noticed her because she was marked with gold.

She was a fine fighter. The rule was that you had to stop fighting if you lost three bouts, and thus far, she had only lost one despite fighting in a dozen. Those with many victories sought each other, all trying to prove that they were the greatest warrior -- she had done very well. Though, I had to question if she was marked in gold because she was my future wife or because she had the potential of a leader. There was simply so much to consider.

Astrid won another bout, the blade of her axe pressed against the throat of a man laying on the sand. After extracting another yield, she offered a hand and helped pull him up.

"I suppose mother will be pleased that we're marrying into the family of the king of Norway," Solvieg remarked, pulling the lock of hair from Arne's grasp and finishing the braid. "And speaking of marriage…" she trailed off when Astrid began to approach, ignoring a handful of fighters that offered challenges. I knew what was coming, so I passed Arne over to Solvieg. "Fighting already, and you're not even wed yet," she teased.

"Everyone in the army can be challenged?" Astrid said, lowering her voice to be mistaken for a man.

"Aye," I confirmed, offering a nod and picking up my axe. That got a smirk from her.

"Then consider yourself challenged, Wolf-Kissed," Astrid said, that cocky smirk falling off of her face when the warriors that overheard the challenge began to descend into uncontrolled laughter. Many threw back their heads, clutched their bellies, and doubled over from the force of the laughter. However, she didn't let that deter her, gripping the axe she wielded with white knuckles. Mother was right -- she was rather stubborn.

I glanced at Thorkell, who nodded before bringing everyone's attention back to the fights. "I accept your challenge," I told her, walking to one of the squares that were drawn in the sand. Standing across from my future wife, I realized that I was in for a great deal of teasing when Astrid took a swing at my head when the match started. I could practically hear it now.

Astrid was fast, I thought as I leaned out of the way of the strike, then sidestepped the second swing, then the back swing to that one. Mother said that she had spent a few years training to become a shieldmaiden, but that either undersold the time she spent learning or marked her as a fast learner. However, she wasn't as fast as Astolfo.

She was strong too, I discovered when I blocked a blow. She just wasn't as strong as Roland.

Her endurance was good -- sixteen bouts was exhausting, but her strength was starting to flag. She didn't have the staying power of Rinaldo.

Astrid was a fine warrior. An excellent shieldmaiden. Tales about her would be sung far and wide if she was given half the chance. But…

I stepped inside of her guard, the first offensive move I made since the fight began and she took a panicked swing at me with the rim of her shield. Ducking low, I hooked my axe around her ankle as she tried to take a step back, and pulled her legs out from underneath her. Astrid grunted when her back hit the sand, her helmet tumbling off, revealing her face that was twisted with a scowl. I could see the disappointment clear on her face. "You aren't weak, Astrid," I said, surprising her with my lack of surprise.

With the bout over, I glanced over at Thorkell, who was coaching the men or breaking up a fight that got too heated.

It was long past time to bestow a blessing, and I knew exactly who I should choose first.

…

"Are you sure?" Thorkell asked me after I pulled him aside, just before we set sail. Astrid hadn't been seen since her defeat, and Jarl Hoffer had professed his apologies that she was stubbornly refusing to see us off. Which is why I had the time to explain the offer to Thorkell -- I explained it was a blessing that King Charlemagne used to create the Paladins. That I had genuinely no idea what would happen if he accepted the blessing. He had listened in silence, and only when I was done did he ask the one question that I hadn't anticipated.

"... I'm sure," I confirmed after a moment of thought. Thorkell was my second in command. That had always been the case. I had relied on his wisdom, experience, and connections more than once. He was well respected by everyone in the army, especially those that had escaped with him back in Frankfurt. Above all else, I trusted him. I trusted him not just with my life, but the lives of my family.

"If you're sure, then I'm not going to refuse. But… Siegfried -- there are reasons why people are thinking that you're a god. At this point, it'd probably be easier to not argue that," Thorkell remarked, scratching at the scar over his eye. "I figured you were special early on, but something like this… it sounds divine. It's far beyond the favor of the gods."

I wasn't entirely sure I disagreed with him. "I don't know what I am, but I'm not a god. I can't be, when I am what I am because of their favor."

To that, Thorkell offered a small shrug. "You would know better than I would. So, how does this work?" He asked me and.. I… didn't really know. It hadn't come with instructions.

I really didn't want to look foolish now. I would die of embarrassment. So, I reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder and invoked the blessing. I felt something flowing out of me, almost as if it was blood. Thorkell's expression pinched for a moment, telling me that he felt it too. I kept an eye on my prestige, watching as five hundred drained away from it.

Granting bestowed:
Tactics: Of One Mind

During battle, the bearer will always know the intentions of the user. Likewise, the user will know the intentions of the bearer.

The description was a little vague, and it wasn't what I expected, to be completely honest. It sounded useful, though. I had figured it would be a Prowess blessing of some kind, similar to the Paladins. Or, perhaps, it was the same -- I thought of Rinaldo and the wounds I delivered him. One should have killed him, but not only had he survived two, but he continued to fight with them. Was that resilience the result of a blessing?

"How do you feel?" I asked Thorkell to see him staring at his hands, clenching and unclenching them.

He paused, almost as if he didn't know how to answer. "Stronger?" He tried, sounding uncertain. "It feels… weird," he decided. "Are you sure it worked?"

I frowned and wondered if I should imbue another blessing, but I paused before I could begin. The cost had… doubled, I realized. The five hundred prestige had become a thousand for another blessing. A cost that I could pay, but instinct told me that I shouldn't. "It worked," I confirmed, withdrawing my hand. "I'm not sure if you're physically stronger like the Paladins are, but the blessing will help us coordinate in battle."

"Sounds useful," Thorkell remarked, rolling a shoulder and giving it a curious look. It was as if he was refamiliarizing himself with his body. Did the blessing bestow other benefits that hadn't been mentioned? With Arda, she had suddenly been able to pull that bow that even I couldn't. Astolfo said that there was a clear distinction between pre-blessing and post-blessing. "I suppose that we'll have a chance to try it out?" He still sounded distracted as he cracked his neck, his brow furrowing.

"Aye, we will. For now, though, let's keep it a secret. I don't know how the men would react," I instructed, and Thorkell nodded in agreement. I didn't want the men expecting a blessing in addition to increased pay.

Thorkell was still adjusting when we loaded up the ship and we said our brief farewells. It was hardly going to war -- it was hardly a few hours of sailing and I expected the battle to be quick. Mother hugged me farewell, as did my sisters. Haldur and Halfdan would be joining me, however. I was excited as we loaded up the ship and started to set sail, looking off to the mainland of Norway -- to the Jotunheim mountains. Where I suspected the first part of the riddle hinted at.

There was a great deal of fanfare as we set off, our sails unfurling to catch the strong wind at our backs and the current leading us to shore. An hour of sailing was cut down to a mere thirty minutes before we started to land on the shore, pulling the ships up and unloading the cargo that we would be taking with us. And it was then that we discovered why Astrid hadn't seen us off.

"Wolf-Kissed! Your wife is here!" One of my warriors called out with evident joy in his voice, causing me to look over as I coordinated with Jarl Hoffer. He brought fifty warriors whereas I brought all thousand of my men. Some would be left guarding the ships, but the rest would be raiding. For a moment, the words didn't register until Jarl Hoffer dragged a hand over his face.

"That girl!" He groaned as Astrid entered view, her expression best described as self-satisfied. I was rather used to seeing the expression on Morrigan, after all.

"She hid in a barrel, Wolf-Kissed," the warrior informed me, and I could hear the smile in his voice. I'm glad someone found this funny because I certainly didn't. I turned my gaze to Astrid, who thrust out her chin with defiance when our eyes met. A silent challenge in them. Jarl Hoffer strode forward, his expression one of thunderous wrath. To that, however, Astrid did seem a great deal more apologetic.

"It wasn't a food barrel, was it?" I asked, earning a shake of the head from the warrior. That was good, at least. Food wouldn't be as plentiful as it had been in Francia. I looked at our surroundings, finding sharp cliffs and dense forests. Unlike the hills of Francia, the hills were stony and rough with little patches of thin grass growing here or there. I knew most of the food we would find would come from the sea.

"Are you going to send me for a swim, then? I'm a warrior. Not a little girl that needs to hide behind her mother's skirts," Astrid challenged her father, meeting his gaze. And, for a moment, I thought that Jarl Hoffer might take a hand to her. He raised one up, but Astrid held his gaze until he gently placed it on the side of her head.

"This isn't training, my girl. Soon you shall be more than just my daughter and a shieldmaiden. You'll be a wife to one of the most important men in the land. Later, you will become a mother. Take greater care of your life," He told her softly and Astrid seemed chastised. Far more than she would have if he did take a hand to her.

"I'm sorry, father. I just… wanted to prove myself," Astrid offered as an explanation. Whatever Jarl Hoffer might have said in response, I paid no mind to it. We were betrothed, but until we were wed I had no true say over whether she should be sent back or not. That was her father's decision. Instead, I focused on other matters while they sorted that out.

Halfdan stood next to me, throwing an arm over my shoulder, "I've been asking around. Jarl Hadwin can summon up an army of about two hundred warriors, and that's scraping the bottom of the barrel," he informed me and nearly made me miss a step. That…

"That's it?" I questioned, surprised by how few a jarl could summon. Two hundred men. That was-

Halfdan shoved my head halfheartedly, "That's a large army here, Sieg. This isn't Francia. Or Saxony, for that matter. This land doesn't have a king. Half of the Jarls here would struggle to muster up more than fifty men," he reminded me, making me consider that for a moment. If that were true, then we had vastly overprepared. "Horrik was an unusually powerful Jarl. It's why he was rivals with a king."

I reached up to make sure that he hadn't ruined the braid that Solvieg made while I frowned to myself. I hadn't expected that. Halfdan was right -- I had expected to fight armies of thousands in this land.

"That might change how we go about raiding," I decided, the camp and fortifications being made around our ships. Already, I could see a fierce competition in my men as they tried to prove themselves as leaders. The ones that were marked in gold stood out amongst the others, some already looking to them for guidance. I already had the idea of testing out the leadership by breaking my army up into smaller groups, but it seems it might be necessary to have anything less than an overwhelming advantage in numbers. "Thorkell and I will divide the army up in two halves -- five hundred men each."

Halfdan nodded, expecting that much. "Haldur hasn't said it, but he expects to have a command." He informed me in a low voice and to that, my lips thinned.

"Unless he intends to continue to fight in my army, he will be disappointed," I answered bluntly. Haldur was the head of the family. The fact that we were half brothers meant nothing to me. Halfdan was more of a brother to me than Haldur ever was.

"I figured as much," Halfdan admitted. "I thought you could use the heads up before he starts tossing demands around as the head of the family." With that, he patted me on the back before venturing over to Haldur, who stood with a number of men. Halfdan whispered my answer into his ear and Haldur immediately glanced over at me, his eyes narrowed into a glare. I paid him no mind as we went about organizing the army. It was a good hour before everything was done -- the fortifications made, the ships unloaded with the food that we would take.

Astrid ended up joining her father's hird, which was attached to my five hundred men. Seeing as I was around Jarl Hoffer most of the trek inland, we were around each other a great deal, but she made no effort to speak to me. Though, I didn't think it had anything to do with her loss. She just didn't want to remind everyone that she was here because she was my betrothed. She wanted to earn respect as a warrior, not as a woman.

I let her make the attempt. Jarl Hadwin lived at the base of the Jotunheim mountains, which I saw in the distance as we cleared the initial cliffs. They were a massive mountain range of snow capped peaks, and somewhere laid… something. The first part of the riddle. As we marched, I took note of the terrain -- Norway was a harsh land, I quickly realized. The ground was rough with stone and infertile, the hills steep and tall.

Perhaps, it was for that reason I found myself so disappointed when we arrived in the shadow of the Throat of the World. Jarl Hadwin's capital was a meager thing. More of a large village than a town, but completely reliant on the natural terrain to act as a defense. In some places, there was a rough palisade, of which I saw a handful of men guarding it. The gate was more of a fence.

It was a very far cry from what I saw in Francia. It was almost bitterly disappointing as I approached the settlement with Jarl Hoffer, who wore a smug expression as we neared.

"Hold! Hold there!" A man with dark gray hair greeted them from behind the fence, his expression grim as he locked eyes with Jarl Hoffer, who grew more pleased at the man's evident displeasure. "Jarl Hoffer. Who did you have to suck to acquire such an army?"

Jarl Hoffer was so happy to see a rival humiliated that he barely noticed the insult. "I made friends rather than enemies, Jarl Hadwin. Meet Siegfried Erikson. Though,you might better know him as Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed." To that, Jarl Hadwin's eyes widened dramatically and the handful of men that were with him shared a troubled look. I noticed that they were all greybeards. Their best days were long behind them.

"Wolf-Kissed. Your reputation precedes you," Jarl Hadwin nodded at me. "I had heard you lead a great army, but I will admit I never expected to find it at my doorstep." I counted twenty men. All of them old and feeble. The town itself… It was quiet. Too quiet. Either everyone was holding their breath within the village, or…

"Greetings, Jarl Hadwin. I see that you prepared a warm welcome for us," I remarked, making his expression tighten. "I don't disapprove. You'd be a fool to fight us with our numbers, and you don't strike me as a fool." I told him, knowing that the village was empty. I searched the mountainside with True Sight, spotting a hint of red. "I ask of you -- what orders did you give?"

Jarl Hadwin worked his jaw for a moment before definitely lifting his chin. "If you come in peace, then they shall descend the mountain. Should you not… then they will depart to my grandson's lands, and with their combined might, you shall know defeat." It sounded like bluster, I decided. I didn't even need Tell Spotter to know that he was lying. He didn't believe that much.

"Good," I nodded, which seemed to make him uneasy. "If you would agree to it, I will spare your life here," I told him, and Jarl Hoffer looked like he bit into something sour. "in exchange for you to travel Norway to it's many Jarls and give them this message -- I have no need for your riches or treasures. What I desire from them is battle. It is my recommendation that you join forces against me, for your defeat is certain if you do not."

Jarl Hadwin seemed poleaxed, "You're mad." He breathed the words, scarcely believing a word that I said.

"No. I merely need a whetstone for my army," I told him before blinking. "My apologies," I inclined my head to him, realizing how rude the words came across.

Jarl Hadwin licked his lips, seemingly considering the offer for but a moment. However, he shook his head, "I'm an old man, Wolf-Kissed. Old men don't bend so easily. I have protected this land since before you were but an itch in your father's balls, and I would be damned before I abandon it in my final hours," he declared before he yanked out the sword at his hip. I took no notice of it until now, but the moment I saw it, I could hardly take my eyes off of it.

The hilt was made out of steel and gold, the guard being two flat bars. The grip itself was big enough for a single hand, the pommel was shaped like a claw, only it was missing something. The blade itself drew my attention -- not because of the quality of it, but rather the clear reforging of it. The base of the blade was a dark gray, almost black kind of metal that I had never seen before, whereas the rest of the blade was steel.

Just as I spotted the blade, the sun dipped behind the Jotunheim mountains, casting a long shadow over us.

I found it.

"So be it."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 833 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 5, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Vows
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 12, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,935
Quest: Path to the Crown
Quest Objective: Defeat 20/25 Jarls of Norway.
Additional Objective: Fight five Jarl armies at once.

Quest Reward: ⅔ of clue for Legendary Item.
Additional Reward: 250 Prestige.

"This is madness," Jarl Hoffer remarked to me as we stood on the field that would mark the completion of the quest along with the additional objective. The terrain was a poor one. A lesson I had taken from King Widukind -- sometimes there was wisdom in giving up a minor advantage to secure a greater one. In this case, it was to ensure that there was a battle at all. My men were at the base of a sloped hill that was covered by a sparse forest, the rocky soil preventing much in the way of vegetation from growing. "You invite disaster, Wolf-Kissed."

I could see why he believed that. It had taken careful cultivation over the course of two months for this day. Upon the defeat of Jarl Haldwin and receiving the quest, I broke my company up into five hundred man bands, then two hundred and fifty. Then bands of a hundred. They raided throughout Norway, all of them driving the kingdom to a single conclusion -- that I was a threat great enough to unite against.

More than ten Jarls sat on top of the hill -- far more than what I needed to complete the quests, but just enough to meet my personal requirements. Two thousand men. It took ten Jarls to scrounge up such a number. Most had an army of less than a hundred, and there were a few rare Jarls that had more than two. With careful consideration, I forced them into an alliance. Some, I raised to the point of fury, others I drove together. All to create an army. A great army as far as the Norse people were concerned.

Small. I had had no idea how small and desolate the lands of my people were until I saw the wider world. King Charlemagne's host could have swept across this land to conquer it with near ease. His greatest foes would be the land and hunger. Perhaps the cold too.

"No. This is why I came to Norway in the first place," I told him, urging my horse forward. The men across from me shouted their warcries, trying to intimidate us. I saw a number of Jarls seated or standing behind their men. This would give me the experience that I needed -- how to shape and fight a pitched battle. I turned to my men, seeing hungry and confident faces. I had lost some men over the months, but they had been replaced with more Norsemen.

A handful of them stood out. The future leaders of my army -- Thorkell stood tall and proud, a large Dane axe in his hands. He wore a full ringmail set of armor that was stitched into a gambeson that ended at his knees. My first rough attempts to recreate the armor I had seen on the Paladins lined one of his arms, the plated metal gleaming in the early morning light. Another was Authun, who easily took command of my scouts despite his young age thanks to his skull with a bow.

Olek was the one that rose to prominence amongst the leaders of the infantry. A man with a square face with a long scar from the bridge of his nose, across his cheekbone, and clipping his ear. Dark brown hair with bright green eyes. He was a rather dower man, I noticed. He treated everything with the same amount of severity, no matter how minor, and it was for that reason he had seen the greatest success even if he wasn't the most popular man.

Both he and Thorkell led around four hundred footmen, leaving Authun to lead the fifty archers I had. The last fifty rode with me -- the most promising of my warriors, even if they didn't have any leadership capabilities. Together, we made a mighty army. We were no longer a large mercenary band. The barriers between us had been eliminated over the course of a mere two months.

However, it wasn't my army that I spoke to. "I am Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed!" I announced to the army up the hill. "Take heart warriors, for you face me! The Valkyries are surely looking upon this field, and they shall witness your bravery for standing against me! Today, you shall prove your worth and tonight, you shall sup with the gods!" I told them and I heard Thorkell chuckling.

"Most don't give the speech to the enemy," Thorkell remarked and I offered him a grin.

"Our enemies need the motivation, do they not? Or is victory uncertain?!" I shouted out to my men, earning a thunderous war cry in response. Reaching down to the sword at my belt, I pulled it from its sheath -- the blade that I had taken from Jarl Haldwin's corpse. The blade felt perfect in my hands, like it belonged there. "They wish to die gloriously! Let us assist them!" I shouted, and Thorkell was the one that led the charge. It was the effect of Of One Mind.

Authun began to let loose arrows, firing up on the slingers that pelted our men with stones from a sling. He let loose in the form of a volley and nearly fifty men dropped to the ground with an arrow in their chests, eyes, or throat. It protected the men as they clashed against the shieldwall at the top of the hill. Thorkell could sense my plan. There were no words spoken, but I knew his intentions as well as I knew my own. For that reason, my control over Olek's half of the army felt so clumsy. Likewise, he could sense my own plan which is why his men began to back up a half step, bending the formation and allowing the enemy to push forward.

They exposed their flank to our archers. They began to fall, feathered, but more importantly, they exposed themselves to me.

I galloped forward with fifty warriors, all armed with Dane axes, and up the hill we climbed until we smashed into the flank. I lashed out with my sword, catching men in the throat with swipes and thrusts. The warriors behind me sat comfortable in their saddles, swinging their axes thanks to the Frankish gift. The stirrups. It had taken some getting used to, but they proved to give far greater control over a horse and kept the rider in the seat during a charge.

As we fought, I caught a glimpse of Astrid -- she rode with my companions. The ones that forged their chainmail ahead of any other, who earned the right. Her axe flashed left and right, striking down with less force than some of my men, but her blade always found purchase in soft flesh, making arcs of blood spray out. There was a savage snarl on her face as she fought ferociously. There had been some to say she earned her place due to favoritism as my promised bride.

Those whispers quieted down rather quickly when they saw her fight in battle. And those that didn't found them swallowing them along with a few teeth at her own hand.

It was a mere fifty riders, but the effects were devastating to the wing of the army. Already, some of it was starting to buckle, but they held their courage. My words inspired them to fight when they might have otherwise run. They knew the Valkyries would be watching this field and they were eager to prove their worthiness.

After my charge, I heard Thorkell shout out and his half of the warband stopped backing up. Then they pushed to secure my riders, and to take advantage of the disruption in the shield wall. Our men poured through the gaps, the right wing of the army starting to fracture while the left still held strong. Thorkell himself led the breakthrough. It wasn't dramatic or overt, not like it had been with Astolfo, much less Roland, but Thorkell was undeniably stronger than he had been.

It clued me in on how the blessings worked for King Charlemagne. Rinaldo likely had some kind of endurance blessing -- it would explain how he continued to fight despite his grievous injuries. Astolfo likely had something related to spears, as Arda had something related to bows. The blessing gave a base increase in prowess, to make them deadlier, as far as I could tell. Which either meant that the gift the Paladins received optimized them for battle… or that they had received multiple blessings.

The left wing was still holding itself in place, trying to overwhelm my flank, but as we began to push the right back, their positioning changed. Especially when my archers flanked around, searching for a good angle to fire up on the enemy. I gave them freedom of movement, but it was a dangerous thing. Worth it, but dangerous.

After two months of smaller battles, I had developed some favored tactics. I favored them because they worked.

We were outnumbered two to one, but the army was already starting to fracture. Divisions within the army made themselves apparent when one of the Jarls decided he wished to escape with his men, or perhaps he plotted the betrayal before the battle had even started. It mattered not. More than that, as the right wing broke under myself and Thorkell, letting us sweep around, the warriors sensed that their defeat was near. Some decided to fight to the bitter end, and as a result, they were left behind as the army began to disintegrate without a formal retreat being sounded.

The battle was a short one. Barely lasting more than an hour, but by the end of it, my warriors stood victorious. A hundred and twenty men died, a mere fraction of the total army, and when they regrouped, they would realize that. The slaughter always seemed so much greater in the midst of battle.

"Hammer and anvil. Works like a charm every time," Thorkell mused, his face splattered with blood while the men began to loot the dead. Not for wealth but for iron. Slowly, my army was being armored like Thorkell. It would take time. Enough so that I needed to consider the fact that I needed to bring more than just warriors with me -- I needed blacksmiths too. "Don't fancy riding them down?"

Quest Complete!

Quest: Path to the Crown
Quest Objective: Defeat 30/25 Jarls of Norway.
Additional Objective: Fight five Jarl armies at once.

Quest Reward: The sword of the father and her father's father.
Additional Reward: 250 Prestige.

"No need. Let them regroup and spread word. We still have four months in Norway, after all," I remarked, seeing Olek approaching with Jarl Hoffer and Astrid. Her face was splattered with blood, and her axe was dripping with it, but there was a satisfied smile on her face. She basked in combat and savored her victories.

Olek greeted me with a nod, his expression cold as stone. "We have fifteen wounded. One lost a hand," he informed me, his tone gruff and flat. "But none shall die."

"Good," I said, seeing a handful of people treating their injuries. The one that lost the hand was absolutely beside himself. It was another thing that I had to consider. It was a thought that I had back in Francia, when I was raiding, but it hadn't been the time to act on it -- but in addition to blacksmiths, I needed healers. People to stitch up my men after a battle. It could be the difference between life and death.

"I can't imagine what it was like in Francia," Jarl Hoffer said, looking out at the fallen. The wounded enemies were either sent in their way or given the mercy of a blade. "This was a great battle and it was over so quickly."

This was no great battle.

"Hopefully, there will be greater battles," I replied before looking at him. "I believe it is time we returned. Ostara is upon us," I pointed out. The wedding is upon us, I didn't say as I looked at Astrid, who met my gaze evenly. Her expression didn't betray what she thought of our upcoming wedding -- neither revulsion nor joy. I had nothing else to go on considering that she had gone out of her way to avoid me. To be treated as another warrior, according to her father.

Jarl Hoffer eagerly nodded, "Aye. We have gained much this season, but now it is time to honor the gods and bind our families."

And so it would be so.

…

We sailed back rich with plunder, most of which would be going to Jarl Hoffer as part of the bride price. Some of the Jarls that we defeated, in particular the ones around the coast, had chosen to swear fealty to Jarl Hoffer, and they would attend the wedding as well. The other Jarls in attendance were Jarls risen by his own hand, chosen from his allies and family.

I found myself being looked over by Mother and my sisters. While I had been busy fighting, they had stitched a fine set of clothing for my marriage with the help of Jill. It was a little difficult to tell, but she did seem more comfortable with my family now. The clothing itself was colored red and gold -- a finely stitched tunic with a gold embroidered raven with running black wolves in the hemline. A black wolf pelt would be draped over my shoulders while my trousers were colored the same as charcoal and my boots a dark brown.

While I was being dressed, my hair was pulled into a single braid and, against my wishes, Mother took a knife to my cheeks to get rid of my thin beard. Mother searched my face for a long minute after I was done being dressed, cupping my face in her hands. "You're a man, Siegfried. You've been one since the attack on the farm, but tonight, you'll be seen as a man."

I was getting married. It seemed a little late to be having that thought, but it rang out in my head when I heard the celebrations were already beginning. Music filtered down to my tent, as my men were celebrating just as much.

"I understand," I told her, giving a small nod. Mother smiled, pleased that I did, before letting go of me.

"Your father should be here to see you through this. And we can't visit your ancestors' grave for their sword," Mother spoke of the traditions for marriage. I should be being prepared by my father and married brothers. I should be in Denmark, taking the blade that would be buried with my father. "Those traditions are meant to represent the boy dying and the man being born -- you've been a man for a long time now. This is merely making it official."

I nodded in response, bracing myself when she took a step back and gave me a final look. I must have passed her inspection because she nodded.

The next thing I knew, I was being led out of my camp with the men roaring for me. The wedding would take place outside of the town, further inland and I saw the path had been marked with wildflowers. They led us to a grove that had been prepared -- if I had to guess, the Hoffer family had been preparing for this wedding since I arrived, because it was no small amount of work in preparing the area. There were clear areas for our families, and the honored guests, then everyone else that would bear witness. In the hills around the grove were footholds for everyone to look down upon us, probably enough for everyone in the town and my army.

There was a runestone erected in the grove -- the story of the Hoffer clan engraved upon it, based on the look of it. Before it was a woman with a painted face and more flowers woven into her hair. I took my place next to her, Halfdan patting me on the back hard enough that it was like he was trying to leave a bruise.

Astrid came not long after me, much to the cheer of the gathering crowd. She was escorted by her sisters and shieldmaidens -- each carrying a shield and a sword. Astrid herself… she looked beautiful. There wasn't really any other word to describe her. Or, rather, the word itself was meant to describe her. She wore a white stitched dress marked with red, her kansan was gone and replaced with a crown of flowers and antlers. Her hair was down…

Girls. When did girls stop being weird and start being… confusing?

In her hands, however, was something that caught my interest. A blade, a dark steel blade that was reforged at the base of the blade. Almost exactly where the blade ended for my battle sword.

The sword of her father, and her father's father.

I wasn't surprised to see it here. I guessed as much as when I got the hint for the Legendary item. What that item was, I still wasn't entirely certain but I was starting to form a guess. It also helped that out of the corner of my eye, I could read the saga -- The first Hoffer found a broken blade in the underwater lair of a terrible beast, the hilt nowhere to be found, so he grabbed the blade with his bare hands before plunging it into the monster, whose magical hide had turned normal blades away like a stone.

Astrid came to a stop in front of me, her expression guarded as the marriage ceremony began. To be honest, it felt like it passed by in a blur -- the seer bade us to transfer the swords. I gave her the first one I had won during the war, while she gave me the dark blade. It was a long one, I noted. A full hand longer than the sword I gave her. The music played and people cheered as the ceremony progressed.

"Do you, Siegfried, wish to wed Astrid before the eyes of the gods?" The seer asked, and I took a breath.

I didn't know. "I do," I spoke the words, duty bound to say them. Then the question was posed to Astrid, whose gaze didn't waver from mine.

"I do," she spoke the words, and I genuinely had no clue if she meant them. In response, there was a great big cheer that came from the audience before our hands were tied together and a knot was made. I glanced down at it for a moment, seeing the soft strip of cloth and understanding what it meant.

I had just got married. What a weird thing.

Before I could really register that, Halfdan broke off into a dead sprint. At first, I flinched in alarm, my hand tightening on the blade that I now held, only to see him sprinting back to the town. He wasn't alone -- Hoffer the Heir was quick to join the race, and I realized that they were racing to see who would serve who for the feast. Both Astrid and I were pushed to follow after them, the slip of cloth that bound our hands together falling away as the crowd went to celebrate.

As luck would have it, it was Halfdan that won the race. A good thing too, since my clan was far smaller than the Hoffers. Jarl Hoffer was joyous as we entered the longhouse to see a lavish feast was prepared. The scent of roasted meats and vegetables greeted me, and I was shocked that the tables didn't collapse underneath the mountain of food.

Jarl Hoffer was happier still when Astrid grabbed my hand, and started pulling me to the back room. That got more than a few uproarious cheers, "I suppose there's no need for the bedding ceremony!" I heard someone shout, and I fought off a frown. The bedding ceremony where others would stand witness to ensure that the marriage was consummated. It sounded… uncomfortable, even if I understood the purpose behind it.

"Sorry," Astrid began, closing the door behind her, bringing us to the room where we would… She set the sword I gave her against the door as a brace. "I didn't fancy a bunch of scraggy men watching us fuck and I figured we should have a moment of privacy."

That made sense, I suppose. I probably should have a conversation with my wife, shouldn't I? At least one. "You didn't seem very interested in a conversation," I remarked, watching her take off her crown of flowers.

"You're hard to talk to," came Astrid's blunt reply as she leveled a look at me, or rather, at the sword still in my hand. I took the point and set the blade aside, even if I did want to test it's edge. "You really have no idea how you appear to people. My father… Jarl Sven and my father were bitter enemies. The story goes back all the way to my great grandfather's day -- I don't think anyone knows what caused the rivalry, but for more than a century our families were bitter enemies."

… "Who is Jarl Sven?" I questioned, feeling a little lost as I searched my memory for the Jarl.

"Who was Jarl Sven," Astrid corrected, running a hand through her blonde hair. "He was one of the jarls you defeated in that great battle. We had been raiding each other for years. I lost brothers to his kin. He's dead now, his army scattered… and you didn't even bother learning his name. Because he's small pickings for you. I see it. You could conquer Norway, but you won't because it'd be too much of a pain in the arse for you."

I scratched at my shaven cheek, not entirely certain how to respond. "I don't intend to diminish your family. Or rob them of a blood debt," I tried, but apparently, that was the wrong thing to say because she shook her head.

"It's not about you trying to diminish us. It's what you are. For my father… becoming King of Norway was a far-off dream. It always had been. Now, all of a sudden, it's not. The crown is close enough to touch for you, but you won't take it because you don't want it. And that's… intimidating," Astrid admitted, her lips thinning as she regarded me.

"I don't want to scare you," I told her quietly.

"You don't. You just… you didn't try to speak to me, you know," Astrid pointed out, sounding embarrassed with a bit of red coloring her cheeks. "Didn't even try to sneak around the chaperone."

I paused for a moment, trying to think of a way to word it. "I understand that this is a political match and because of who I am, I understand that… refusal can be… difficult," I told her, and I saw an expression of surprise flicker across her face. "I didn't want to put you in a position where you didn't feel like you could say no to me. Or that you thought your father would want you to say yes."

That seemed to take the wind out of her sails, "Oh. I thought you didn't like me," she admitted. "I would understand why. I did insult you."

"My honor isn't so fragile that words can hurt it," I told her, looking at my… wife. I didn't dislike her, but I wasn't entirely certain if I liked her either, and that was simply because I didn't really know her. It felt like we were strangers, yet we were husband and wife. I knew that going in, but now that the deed was done, I had to admit, it was a little strange. "Do you dislike me?"

Astrid thought about it for a moment before shaking her head. "No, I don't. I… didn't want to be married because I feared what it would mean for me. That my husband would demand that I stay home and weave or have a babe every year. You haven't done that. I'm not sure if I'll make a very good wife," Astrid admitted with a shrug of her shoulders, "I'm stubborn. I'm not particularly lady like. I like fighting and that's what I'm good at. But I think… I can be happy with you, Wolf-Kissed."

This wasn't so bad. "Siegfried," I corrected, inclining my head at her. "I won't stop you from fighting. If only because I know you'd do it anyway." To that, I got a smirk from Astrid. "I think we can be happy. Will be happy. At the end of summer, I will be setting sail for Miklagard, and I don't know how long I will be there. But, when I return, I will conquer Denmark and become its king. I'll need people that I can trust… and I hope to count you among them," I offered.

It wasn't love. It wasn't even really friendship. It was more of a partnership with the hopes that more would grow from it.

Astrid paused, considering me for a moment, before her head dipped into a nod before her hands slowly reached up to the laces in front of her dress. "I can live with that," Astrid decided, "And I think that it's time we started. Before anyone with their ear pressed to the door gets any ideas," she said, pulling the string loose and…

Oh… Wow.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 897 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 12, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks First Night
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 26, 2023
Add bookmark
#2,976
Astrid's dress pooled on the floor, revealing her body to me. It seemed a dangerous thing, I thought distantly, to have an entire dress held up only by a bit of string. My eyes ran the length of Astrid's form, drinking her in as she stood unashamed of her nakedness. It was hardly the first time I'd seen a naked woman -- I saw my mother and sisters back when I was a child during wash day, and more during the raiding, but it was the first time a naked woman had such a profound effect on me. I couldn't look away even if I had wanted to, and I very much didn't.

Her skin was pale and her body well muscled with abs faintly etched into her flat stomach. Her breasts were two mounds of flesh that were capped by dark pink nipples, and they seemed soft to the touch with a mere look. Her thighs were muscled, yet a gap between her legs marked her groin which was covered in trimmed blonde hairs. I swallowed thickly, my thoughts sluggish -- it was almost like I was drunk. It was only when she covered her breasts with an arm that their mystical hold over me was broken, and I saw that Astrid's cheeks were flushed with embarrassment.

"You could at least say something," She remarked, trying to keep her usual confidence but I could hear the embarrassment in her tone.

"You're beautiful," I told her, and that earned a slow smile that tugged at the edges of her lips when she heard the honesty in the words. This woman was my wife in the eyes of man and the gods. It was a strange thought, but not an unwelcome one.

"And you could undress, husband," she continued, her eyes searching my face. I hesitated for a moment before I nodded, undoing my belt and then reaching up to take off my tunic. I was grateful for the care that my family made it with, but I ended up tossing it on the floor. My boots came next, then my trousers. Father was meant to have this talk with me, I realized. He never got the chance to and because of it, I felt like a fool as Astrid gazed up on me as I had her. After a moment, she approached, stepping over her dress to do so.

"You have more scars than my brother," Astrid remarked, her tone light. When she came to a stop before me, she reached up to touch the wolf bite on my neck. Her touch was light, feather light, but I felt it all the same. Then her hand drifted lower to the scar above my heart. "Who gave you this one?"

"Arda," I answered, making her eyes flicker back up to my eyes. "A nun at first, but she became one of Charlemagne's Paladins after a raid. She could shoot an arrow straight across a field and it'd punch right through a shield. I had had to catch it," I told her and I felt her fingers trace the small indention over my heart. It was a light scar. Nothing compared to the one beneath my collarbone. When Astrid touched it, I explained, "We got trapped in Frankfurt and an archer climbed up on a burning building to shoot down at us. He got me from behind and then I threw an axe at him. I never got his name."

"The battle that Jill rescued you from?" Astrid muttered, her fingers going to a handful of other scars. One that came from Astolfo. Others were faint nicks and scrapes that came from being in the thick of battle. Unbreakable Guard wasn't perfect, after all.

I nodded, "Aye." She lowered her arm that covered her breasts and despite their hypnotic allure, I did manage to avoid it. At least enough to see that Astrid had a few scars of her own. "How did you get that one," I questioned and I heard her breathing hitch when I touched a jagged but short scar at her hip.

She looked down at it for a moment, and she seemed embarrassed. "Sledding," Astrid answered after a moment. "At the tail end of winter, the hills are still covered in snow, and we ride sleds down them. When I was younger, the gods were kind and the snow was light, but I was stubborn and still wanted to go even if the season ended. I snagged a rock on the way down, broke the sled and ended up scraping a rock."

"... And this one?" I asked, reaching up to her wrist just below her breasts, seeing that it was a burn.

"... Cooking pot. One of my brothers tripped me and I fell against it," Astrid said with reluctance. "I don't have any battle scars. Not a one. Father always kept me away from it because I was the prized daughter. The past few months were my first taste of battle, but my father's guard were more concerned with protecting me than killing the enemy." She didn't exactly sound bitter, but it was a near thing, I thought. She hated it, but she understood -- she was my betrothed, and it would be a tragic fate if she died during battle. "Are they unsightly to you?"

I blinked. "Why would they be?"

"Every time I got hurt, some lackwit would bemoan how my beauty was marred," Astrid shrugged, but she did seem pleased with my answer. "But, I suppose I didn't need to ask if you found me desirable. That thing between your legs is answer enough." Her eyes flickered down at my member that stood proudly from curly dark red hairs.

"I suppose it is," I agreed. I wanted her, I realized. It was an instinct in me. A desire. I knew of sex, but it had always been a distant concern in comparison to far more pressing issues. But now that Astrid stood naked before me… I wanted her. Slowly, I reached up to her face and she seemed surprised when my fingers brushed her cheek. Her eyes were dark with an emotion that I didn't recognize before they closed when I leaned in. Her lips were soft, I learned. As was the rest of her when she took a half step forward, pressing her body against me.

My free hand fell to her waist, feeling her smooth skin under my palms. I hoped that my callouses didn't bother her. Her lips moved against mine, the kiss deepening as she slowly ran a hand down my chest, over my abs, before her hand fell upon my member. It throbbed at her touch -- it was the first time anyone other than myself had touched it, and it was a unique sensation. I felt her smile into the kiss and, as a man, I knew I had to take the lead. I was less sure how I was supposed to, exactly, but I figured the bed was a good start.

Gently drifting back, Astrid's legs hit the back of the bed and she broke the kiss by gently falling onto it. The smirk was still tugging at her lips as she crawled backward so her upper back rested on the feather pillows that were stacked up. Her nipples hardened and her pale skin flushed -- a good sign, I reckoned.

Quest: First Night
Objective: Impress your wife and give her nothing to complain about.
Bonus Objective: Last 1 hour

Reward: 50 experience to Lover trait.
Bonus Reward: 200 experience in Seduction.

I blinked at the quest, feeling a little self conscious that the gods were still watching. Last an hour and impress her? That didn't seem too difficult. I accepted the quest with a thought, my gaze still upon Astrid, who lounged easily upon the furs.

"You look at me like you've never seen a naked girl before," Astrid remarked, her tone teasing as I began to crawl into bed with her. I saw her gaze on my member, her legs spreading as I neared, revealing her slit. The tuft of hair above her groin did nothing to hide her now -- her nether lips were parted, glistening as they flushed red in the candle light.

"None like you," I admitted. "None like… this," I added, and her eyes widened a fraction. It might be shameful to admit. I was fifteen and I hadn't been with a girl. Being at war wasn't really an excuse either because most of the men found women. Some with flirting and others with force. But it'd be more shameful to lie about it because I imagine she'd soon learn that I hadn't.

"Really? Not even with Jill? Or Morrigan?! Wait, you let Morrigan hang off of you and you aren't even fucking her?" She seemed genuinely surprised by that. Not in a bad way, I think.

My hands found her thighs, sliding up them as I situated myself between her legs. "No. And Morrigan is someone that I trust. She gives advice that others dare not to, and she has saved my life. Twice," I pointed out. Astrid looked upon my member, her hips lifting as I grabbed her butt, finding my fingers sinking into the soft flesh. "As for Jill… her kin are my enemies. If she chose to leave with Grimar, she would have had a harder time of it if I dishonored her."

Astrid blinked, my member landing on her stomach just below her belly button. "Oh," she muttered, biting her lip.

"I'm new at this, but I do think it's poor form to speak of other women in the marriage bed. Are you… ready?" I asked her, and Astrid hesitated for but a moment before offering a curt nod.

"Aye. Let's see if this is worth all the praise my sisters gave it," Astrid agreed and I drew back, pressing myself against her. Her breathing hitched when I started to thrust forward, only to blow out the breath in an annoyed sigh when my member shot upwards. The second time, I lowered myself more and this time when I pushed forward with my hips, I felt myself sink into her.

Distantly, I became aware of some odd mechanism that was counting down. The timer for the quest, I suppose. The deeper I sank into Astrid, the more I realized my folly. I had an easier time liberating Saxony, I realized, feeling her clench around me tightly. So tight that it felt like her hot, silky inner walls were clinging to my member. Her delicate folds squeezed and pulsed wetly as if to draw me in all the way to the hilt. Even without movement, her insides were searing, writhing and clenching that I feared I would barely last a minute.

While I marveled at the sensations, my men's obsession with sex suddenly making a great deal more sense, Astird let out a low hiss. "Those… bitches!" Astrid cursed, her face scrunching up, her stomach clenching to reveal her toned abs while her lips peeled back. "They said it only hurt a little bit!"

That broke me out of my sense of wonderment, "You're hurt?" I glanced down, realizing that I saw a bit of blood. Her maidenhead, I knew, but I did feel a moment of panic when I saw it. Astrid gripped my arm with a death grip, her nostrils flaring.

"It's a woman's pain," she told me. "They said the first time is the worst of it. Gods, I feel like you shoved a log in me," Astrid cursed, a hand on my chest as she took in a heaving breath. I swallowed the words that, technically speaking, she was right on the mark. "Just sit still for a bit."

It was fine advice for me, I decided, the timer still going down. If I moved, I suspected that would be the end of it. It allowed me to adjust for the sensations of her body enveloping me as much as she adjusted to me entering her. It was a good ten minutes before Astrid's expression began to relax and she started to make small, experimental, movements with her hips. Testing how adjusted she was to it.

She didn't say it, but she offered a small nod, granting me permission to start moving as well. It had been a sensation simply being in her, feeling her cling to me, but it was another thing entirely when I dragged myself out of her and slowly pushed back in. Her breath left her as a surprised gasp escaped her lips, biting her lip to prevent another. Her hands went to her breasts, cupping them before her fingers found her nipples and it was a truly hypnotic sight, I decided, my hips finding a small rhythm.

My hands weren't idle, she kept her hips in position with minimal help from me, allowing me to run my hands over her thighs and her butt, marveling at how soft she was. The bedroom became filled with her soft sighs and gasps along with the rustling of the furs. My thrusts steadily grew more confident, encouraged by the soft sounds of her pleasure as I tried to learn what she liked and what she liked less.

"Faster," Astrid commanded, lifting her hips up ever so slightly, her cheeks rosy while her eyes were glazed. I thought that was a terrible idea. I could already feel my own release starting to near -- the sensations so intense and vibrant and completely overwhelming. More so now that her walls were clenching me so tightly, fighting to keep me buried to the hilt. All the same, I obeyed the command, my thrusts coming faster and with more force until the sounds of flesh striking flesh echoed out into the room. Astrid gasped, a low moan escaping her as her head tilted back.

Her breasts bounced with every rocking motion, her own hands cupping one and pinching a nipple while another went to where we were connected, rubbing a small nub above. I grit my teeth, finding that my release was nearing in a tightening in my balls, my member throbbing. It was dreadfully short of the full hour mark, but any thoughts of slowing down went right out of my head. The opposite happened -- my thrusts became faster and harder, eager to have my release.

Then it came, striking me with full force. A breath was caught in my throat as my cock throbbed, my seed erupting from me like a dam that crumbled in the face of the spring thaw. Astrid's eyes widened, her jaw falling, "I feel it!" She cried out, shocked while my fingers dug into her soft flesh. My heart hammered in my chest, my blood roaring in my ears. It was the single greatest feeling I had ever experienced before, I admitted in the echo of my own mind, but it came with a bitter disappointment at how fast it came.

A breath heaved out of me, looking down at Astrid, who seemed to be marveling at the sensation as much as I was. Taking a breath in, I held it first to calm myself down, but then a thought struck me. I held the breath for ten seconds, triggering Second Wind, and before my cock could even soften, I felt my endurance returning to me. Astrid noticed it too, based on how her eyes flashed. With little warning, Astrid flipped me over, and I allowed the action to find myself beneath her with a hand on my chest. There was a hungry smile on her lips, "My turn," she decided.

"Rocking like the sea," Astrid muttered under her breath before she began to move her hips, leaning forward with her hands on my chest. It took her a moment to find her rhythm, but once she did, she settled on a fast one. Her eyes closed while her abs flexed and shifted with each roll of her hips, rising up and slamming down, leaving my hands free. Her breasts looked incredibly soft above me, dangling free and bouncing with each rocking of her hips.

They were, I confirmed, earning a humm of approval when I reached up to cup them. I brushed my thumbs over her nipples,finding them pebbled and stiff. A low throaty moan escaped her when one hand went lower, over her stomach and between her legs, finding that nub that she had toyed with. Her breathing got harsher and her pace became more frantic. Her walls clenched me tightly, massaging my length and the sounds of sex grew harsher. Her eyes snapped open to look down at me, her gaze alight with need.

Taking that as a cue, Letting my hand on her breast fall, I grabbed a handful of her plump ass before I started to thrust up into her. "Oh!" Astrid gasped out, my thrusts matching her own, even as her pace continued to quicken. I ground the tips of my fingers against the nub, as she had, and she seemed to enjoy it.

She lowered herself, her head dropping until her blonde hair fell around her face like a curtain. It made continuing to stroke the nub difficult, but I felt her breasts pressing into me. Her dark blue eyes met mine but her gaze was distant, completely lost in her own world while her hands found my shoulders, then my face, "oh… oh…! Oh!" Astrid started to gasp out, her walls clenching down on me tightly, almost to the point that it was difficult to move.

Then her eyelashes fluttered, "OH~!" Astrid moaned, her entire body going limp. Her silken and slick walls massaged my length, and while I had managed to hold out longer than the first time, her walls milked me. My second release was greater than my first, leaving my balls aching as I emptied them into Astrid, who collapsed on top of me. Her breathing hitched at the sensation, another moan being dragged out of her before she started to gasp for air as if she had done a hard day's labor. Her body was slick with sweat as she lay on top of me, letting me catch my own breath.

"That," Astrid began, gently sliding off to lay next to me on the bed, cuddled into my side, "was so much better than they said it'd be." That was invigorating, I decided, glad she had found her own release even if it was one to my two. I felt Astrid lay a hand on my stomach, looking up at me as she cuddled into my shoulder, "Do you think you could do that again?"

… conquering Francia would probably be easier, I decided, leaning in for a kiss for my answer.

It took the better part of the night, but I managed to complete the bonus quest too.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 830 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 26, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Family Ties
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 2, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,015
Armor Smithing -- Basic
Creation and manufacturing of third tier armor: chainmail, riveted chainmail, scale-mail.

Weapon Smithing -- Basic
Creation and manufacturing of basic weapons: swords, axes, daggers, war hammers, and spears.

That was a choice that I had faced more than two months ago. It came to me when I was making another attempt at the plate mail that I had seen the Paladins wearing, though my own attempts were shoddy and malformed in comparison. It was a poor choice, it had seemed at the time -- Blacksmithing gave me a rudimentary understanding of how to make chainmail and weapons already. Even if it didn't, it wasn't like I couldn't learn by watching others, or guessing how the metal was shaped by looking at a sword.

Armor Smithing had been my choice, simply because I had never heard of riveted mail before. That, and I had hoped the gods would enlighten me on how to make the tedious and time-consuming work of making armor for my men go faster. And, for the very first time, I think I sincerely regretted my choice of a gift to take from the gods.

"It's stronger," Lavon, a blacksmith that found himself under my employ, told me. He held up a hauberk of riveted mail, pulling at it. Chainmail was strong to protect from the bite of an axe, but it was a simple thing to take apart with your hands. All you needed to do was pull and the links would bend. The small opening that each ring had would widen until the rings interconnected with it could slip through. With riveted mail, that wasn't the case. As the name implied, each ring had a small rivet that secured them, making it far more difficult to take apart. "Lighter too."

"It's a month's labor," I said, a frown in my voice. The gods had answered my prayers for less work with a version of chainmail that was even more tedious and time-consuming to create, but it was undeniably worth it. Lavon grunted -- he was an older man that had been the blacksmith for the town for more than three decades. His dark beard had spots of gray in it, his face bearing wrinkles, but the man was solidly built with a barreled chest and thick arms.

"Aye," Lavon agreed, handing the riveted mail back to me. As he said, the armor was lighter. Half as light, and that alone was a massive advantage to regular chainmail. Because the rings were closed, the steel wire that was used to make them could be thinner. A full set of chainmail would weigh around fifty to sixty pounds -- the riveted mail in my hands felt half as light. Something that was hugely useful in battle because it wouldn't sap the strength of my warriors as quickly.

It was just better. In every way. The only downside was the labor that went into it.

The wire was made first, coiled around a stick that was twisted to create the bend, and when the spool of wire was done, the wire was cut to create the links. Those links were then pounded to create a flat bit of space where the two ends overlapped. A small hole would be hammered into that space before the links were interwoven -- four links in one, so each link would have four others within the gap of the link -- before each link was then closed by a bit of metal being put through the hole that was made, which was then crimpt. A lot of work but the issue was with scale.

That process had to be repeated thousands of times. Tens of thousands.

The one that rested in my hands? It contained fifty thousand links. I worked on it for eight hours a day for a month -- nothing but tedious boredom, and looking at it, I'm not entirely sure that it was worth it. I had prioritized protection so the links were smaller than normal chainmail, which would protect better against arrows or a dagger, but not so small as to impact mobility. The first month was spent playing around with the creation -- learning how to make it, how to work with it, and finding the easiest ways to create it. The second month was spent working on the hauberk.

The first week, I did nothing but make and cut the rings. For days on end, I hammered the links to make the rivet. For over a week, I wove the mail, and the rest of the time was spent crimping the rivets.

"It's worth it," Lavon said after a moment, looking at me. "That there is armor fit for a king. Keep putting it over a gambeson, and it'll turn away most blades. Might break a bone or leave some bruising, but that's better than dying. Easier to treat, too. I'd say that your idea for putting scales over the gaps is too much, though. Not worth the added weight for what protection it would offer," Lavon said, looking at the gambeson hanging off a rack. It was tailor-made for Thorkell -- like the riveted mail, it fell down past his thighs and from it, studded leather that fell just above his ankles.

It would be my warriors' armor. It had been Olek's idea -- a uniform, he called it. He claimed that it was the sign of a professional soldier rather than just rabble.

"If you were to sell it, how much would you try for?" I asked him, setting the mail over the gambeson.

"No regular warrior would be able to afford it. A jarl or king might balk at the cost too," Lavon stated. "Twenty times over what I'd sell chainmail of the same length for." As he said, it was prohibitively expensive. Chainmail alone was already too costly for most warriors to buy.

I grunted, unsurprised by the estimate. "And if you were going to outfit a thousand men? What would you need?" I asked him, and to that, Lavon stroked his beard in thought. We had the steel to make it -- my warriors had been busy and eager in Norway. It was just a question of how many hands we would need to work to get the job done.

"Ten smiths, and about… twenty unskilled hands," Lavon decided, nodding to himself. That was both more and less than what I expected. "It'd take us the better part of three or four months to get it done, even still. The unskilled hands will do the crimping and weaving while we'll make the wire, links, hammering, and oversee the weaving. Many hands make for light work."

Thirty people dedicated to making armor. "And to maintain it?" I asked, frowning at the project.

"Three smiths and ten apprentices," Lavon said, seemingly already knowing the answer. That was more manageable, but still a higher number than I would like.

In the four months I had been in Norway, something had been made increasingly clear to me -- an army of a thousand men was not like a warband of five hundred. They needed more. They needed smiths to maintain their arms and armor. They needed healers to treat their injuries. They needed people to organize what went where and manage how much food was eaten. All to ensure that my army could function properly. However, I found that what was needed was essentially a villages worth of people.

Thirty healers. Fifty thralls for manual labor and service. Ten tailors. Now thirty crafters. More than a hundred followers.

"We'll be sailing to Milklagard in two months," I told him, and suddenly six months didn't feel like enough time. "Make the rings first. The weaving and crimping can be done during the journey," I told him, earning a nod. We wouldn't need to do all thousand men at once, which was a saving grace, but the downside was the fact that we would be picking up a great many men in Saxony. At least five hundred along with fifty ships.

"Best get started then," Lavon said, leaving my camp to start barking orders at the men that he had assembled.

With that taken care of, I looked down at the project that I was currently working on -- the blade that I had received during my marriage. Which was still a weird thought, even two months after. The blade was a blackened steel that I hadn't managed to recreate in an attempt to bond the broken blade together. I couldn't fix the blade because I couldn't get the forge hot enough.

Which left me using lesser steel to fuse the two ends together, then sheathing the weakness. The result was workable, but unappealing -- the top half of the blade was blackened steel while the bottom half was regular steel. Still, it functioned. For now. It also made one thing apparent -- how much I had neglected the domains of the gods that weren't related to war.

My focus for now was Crafting, in the hopes I could get something that would let me reforge the sword properly. It was metal. Steel, I was fairly certain, but when steel was red hot, the sword barely had a dull glow to it.

"It could be seen as pretty rude reforging my family's sword like that," Astrid announced her presence while I was sharpening the steel sheath. I glanced over to see that she was in riding leathers, and the sight stirred something within me. She reached out, taking a lock of my hair that was falling in my face, and started to braid it. I had a half dozen of the smaller braids scattered about.

"I got permission," I told her, having got it from Jarl Hoffer. "He's glad to see the blade in one piece." There wasn't much evidence of it, but there was a decent chance that the feud between the Hoffer clan began over the sword. There was no way to be certain, though -- the beginning of the feud began more than ten generations ago.

As Astrid finished with the half-braid, I finished sharpening the sword. It felt right in my hand. The blade was a bit heavier than normal, even more so with the repairs, but that suited me just fine.

"Off to war again?" She asked me, taking a step back, a sly smirk on her face.

To that, I shook my head, "Best not. At least, not as I was," I admitted, sliding the sword into its sheath at my hip. "I don't think your father would be thankful for it." That wasn't to say my army was idle. I could hear the sounds of their training echoing out. Curious to see it, I started to walk away from the forge with Astrid next to me. My wife. Still an odd thought.

"You could conquer half of Norway in two months. You practically already have," she pointed out, and I knew she was asking because she wanted to go out in the field again.

"Only if I stayed," I refuted. "We broke the Jarls along the coast, and they now answer to your father. He has the ships and men to enforce his will upon them. But, when I leave, I'll be taking my men with me and they'll start to get ideas." A half dozen Jarls now answered to Jarl Hoffer and, together, they could have raised an army to match ours. However, Jarl Hoffer had the Jarls killed and their families either taken hostage or exiled, with men loyal to him taking up the jarlship. The people within the lands would have to contend with winter before they could even think of rebelling.

As we approached a ledge overlooking the sandy beach that my army fought itself on, I mused on how I had killed and recruited enough from the previous Jarls that their military broke. They couldn't muster the men to rebel, at least, not without outside help. Over the course of four months, I had lost around a hundred men in battle or to wounds. But I recruited about six hundred, bringing my total army up to a thousand and five hundred.

"If you stayed," Astrid agreed, watching as two hundred men -- a hundred on each side -- clashed on the beach. They bashed their shields against one another, the commanders on each side baying for their warriors to break through. I saw the ones on the left were getting creative, letting their line bend backward to create a U shape while peeling men off of the line to wrap around and envelop the opposing side. It nearly worked, but the line was too thin, and the opposing side broke through.

Thorkell cheered while Olek started ripping into the commander that lost. It was an interesting disparity, I thought, looking down at my warriors. Thorkell was beloved by the men -- he laughed with them, drank with them, sang with them. They loved him. Olek, however, was feared as much as Thorkell was loved. Success was expected from him and failure was harshly punished. It worked, too, I had to admit. There was a reason that Olek rose up in the army -- he was a fine fighter, and he won.

As for me? I inspired. When men fought beside me, they thought that victory was inevitable and that by fighting with me, they shared in that glory. Between the three of us, I think we had a very solid command structure. It was still growing, of course, with men of talent being noted. Men that one day, I could very well grant a blessing to.

"This city. Miklagard. I wish to see it," Astrid announced.

I wasn't surprised. "I'll be gone for years," I said, thinking that I would gone for at least three. It depended on what I found. When I returned, I would be eighteen or nineteen -- a man. Not a young man, but a man in body and deed. Now, what did surprise me was Astrid laying a hand on my chest, bringing my attention to her to see that she was fluttering her eyelashes at me. "... Are you trying to seduce me?"

Her eyes narrowed, "Trying?" She questioned, sounding affronted.

"You should stay here," I told her and her eyes narrowed more until they were little more than slits. "It sounds like a fine adventure, I'll admit, but I don't know what I expect to find there. If I'm fighting, then I've likely done something wrong." The point of sailing to the greatest city in the world was to learn. Not to fight.

"You're taking Jill and Morrigan, but not your wife." It wasn't a question. It was a statement that told me a slap was in my immediate future depending on how I answered.

"Jill should stay with you," I replied with a small shrug. "She was dragged into the war in Saxony because we had nowhere to return to. Now, we do. This could be her home, if she wished it. As for Morrigan… I'd say that she should stay too, but I doubt that she would or that it would be safe for her." Witches were seen as a necessary evil by most -- useful, but other. Respected, yet shunned. Morrigan was respected when by my side, but if I left her, I had little doubt that she would be shunned to live outside of the village, even by the men I left behind to protect my family.

Astrid frowned, "I'm not a weak willed woman that you can leave behind to pray for your safe return. I'm going to Miklagard. Even if I have to swim," Astrid told me, her tone testy before she walked off before I could make a retort. That, I was coming to learn, was a common tactic with her. Morrigan would bludgeon with arguments, but Astrid would deliver a point and ignore every single counterargument that anyone could make by plugging her ears. I would be lying if I said it wasn't annoying.

Swallowing a sigh, I saw another two hundred men were barreling towards each other while the losers of the first battle were forced to exercise by running along the beach while carrying heavy stones. This time Olek won the battle by deliberately opening his line in certain locations so that the reserves could take out the men that trickled through. A dangerous tactic, but that was why we were testing them against ourselves rather than the enemy.

The army was coming together rather well, I decided. There was still a long road ahead, but already, they fought as a single force rather than a hundred individuals. When we weren't creating and testing new formations, we would practice the ones that we had previously approved of. Currently, we were using shouts from the commanders, but I knew that we would have to change that -- We would be picking up Germanic soldiers soon, after all. And it wouldn't do to warn the enemy of what we were about to do.

Taking a seat on a stone, I took out a bit of wood and a whittling knife from a pouch. It wouldn't do to stand idly by, I decided, continuing to carve out a toy warrior for Arne. It was going much better than my previous attempts at whittling. Not to mention, the men would train harder underneath my watchful eye, hoping to impress me.

As I watched another round begin, I heard footsteps. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw it was Mother. "Siegfried, I thought I might find you here," Mother greeted me warmly. "I saw Astrid marching by." Ah. "Don't fret, my son. Your father and I fought all the time. Arguments happen and nothing is broken so long as nothing is said that cannot be taken back. Talk to her tonight. After," she tacked on, and my cheeks warmed at that. Astrid… well… she was as fond of fucking as she was of fighting, it would seem.

"Is there something that you needed of me?" I asked, hoping to change the subject and, to that, Mother's light smile started to fall and an intense expression replaced it.

"You'll be leaving soon," She stated and I paused before nodding. There was still time, but I had accomplished most of what I intended to during this stay.

"I'm leaving two hundred men behind," I reassured her as she approached, standing next to me. "Loyal men. Loyal enough that they're willing to miss the opportunity to sail to Miklagard." I wanted to leave more, but I couldn't -- two hundred men was a large influx for a town like this. Especially with winter around the corner. "They'll protect you."

Mother did seem reassured by that. "Under whose command?" She asked me, making my face pinch.

"Haldur is expecting to lead them," I muttered, shaving away pieces of the wood to give it shape. What Lays Within was a surprisingly useful gift when it came to projects like this. "Halfdan won't challenge him on it." I knew. I checked. Despite my misgivings, Haldur was the head of the family now, even if Halfdan was older than either of us. All because we didn't share a mother. What did it matter? Halfdan was a finer brother to me, he was older, and he would be a better leader.

Despite that, Halfdan didn't want to overstep.

"Halfdan will be getting married in a moon turn," Mother reminded, taking a seat next to me. "Because he is your brother, and a respected warrior, he will find men willing to fight for him. Haldur as well." I nodded, knowing that much already. There were a number of people that had approached wanting to join my army for glory or gold. When I left, I imagined they would turn to my brothers. "Split the hairs -- a hundred men under Haldur and a hundred under Halfdan."

That would anger Haldur, but it was a good compromise, I decided, nodding in agreement. Looking at Mother, I saw that something was weighing on her. She wasn't here to wish me farewell. I suppose that was fine -- I also had something I needed to do. "Mother, hold out your hand," I told her, making her blink before I reached out to hold it. Then I began to infuse a blessing upon her.

True Face
Intrigue -- A smile can hide a scowl no longer. When dealing with others, when they try to hide how they truly feel, a second face shall be revealed of their true feelings.

Mother blinked as the blessing took hold and I was surprised to see that it was an Intrigue one. I wouldn't have suspected that, but it did cause some relief. Spies and traitors would be much easier to spot with such a blessing. I had already decided that Mother would receive a blessing -- the remaining blessings, however, I was less than certain of. She looked down at her hand, feeling it too. I wasn't sure what expression that I expected, but it wasn't for her to frown. "I always knew you were special, Siegfried. Even when you were a baby -- I knew the gods spoke to you like they did no other."

She reached out and placed a hand on mine, "Haldur was jealous of you. He always has been. You were a gift from the gods, Siegfried -- after Haldur, I thought I could bear no more children." I hadn't known that, but I wasn't sure why she was telling me this. "You were special. Right from the very beginning. Your brother… well, he wasn't keen on having a younger brother in the first place. He felt like you replaced him."

"Mother-" I stated, but she shook her head, asking for no interruptions.

"He was always rough with you. Too rough. You all laughed it off, but I saw the bitterness that fueled those punches and kicks. It got worse when you started winning. And when you won that farm… it all came to a head. You weren't there when Haldur set out on his own. You didn't hear the things that he said. I did." She squeezed down on my hand, her intense gaze burning a hole through mine. "He wants to outshine you. To prove that he's better -- that he was chosen by the gods as well. But he wasn't… and he can't hope to match you. Your brother will live and die in your shadow, Siegfried."

My throat closed up. She was right. I knew that she was right… but what could I do about it?

"Halfdan can accept that. Haldur can't and he never will. He will always try to match you, my son, and he will grow more and more bitter with every failure," she continued in a soft voice, speaking of the future as if she could see the threads of fate. "He will abuse whatever power he has over you and he will hate you for any resistance you show."

"I can talk to Haldur," I whispered, my gut clenching. "I can make him understand. I… I could share the glory with him." I didn't want my brother to hate me. I knew that we didn't get along, but I would never claim to say that I hated him. We were the last of our family -- we couldn't hate each other.

"Siegfried. You aren't a boy any longer. Don't cling to dreams and face the truth," Mother rebuked with an edge of sorrow in her voice. I blanched at the words, finding no comfort when she squeezed my hand reassuringly. "I tell you this because I love you. I love Haldur as well -- he was born from me, just as you were. But we cannot afford to be blind. Our enemies are too great and too numerous."

"What would you have me do, then?" I snapped, going to pull my hand from her grapes, but she held on tightly.

"Kill him."

Every single thought in my head came to a screeching halt and I went still. I struggled to process the words, gaping at Mother, who held my gaze evenly as if she hadn't just said what she just said. "You-"

"It is the smart thing to do. You will take your place as head of our family. You already have the power, even if Haldur possesses the title -- something he resents you for already. Kill him and be done with it." I couldn't believe what I was hearing. As in I actually couldn't believe it. I looked at my mother in horror, barely recognizing who she was in that moment because she had no shame.

"No," I bit the word out. "I'm not going to murder my brother." I spat, ripping my hand away from her grip. I saw the action hurt her, her lips thinning.

"... I can't make you do it, so I won't try to, Siegfried," she replied in a low voice. "But know this -- he will betray you. It may not be now. It may be years or even decades from now, but he will betray you. It will be at a moment when your footing is most perilous and you have the most to lose -- he will betray you."

I clenched my jaw, "He's family."

Mother's eyes softened, giving me the saddest smile I had ever seen. "Oh, my child… you can't be betrayed by your enemies."

To that… to that, I had nothing I could say.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 945 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 2, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Grand Adventure
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 9, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,081
Summer came and went, it felt like. Two more months passed and it officially became fall, the harvest season. Half a year seemed like so much time in theory, but it barely felt like I had arrived when we began to plan our departure. Food and water were secured, the boats had their hulls scraped of any sea life that would weaken the wood, and last-minute preparations were made as all of us felt the day of our departure inching closer.

I should be looking forward to it, I knew, looking out at the ships that were slowly being filled. I sailed in with eleven ships and a thousand men, and I was leaving with fifteen and thirteen hundred. When we arrived in Saxony, I would be greeted with fifty ships and another five hundred men at the least. A true fleet and incredible wealth. A grand adventure to the greatest city in the world, as so many claimed. However, I felt little more than dread at the prospect of leaving.

"Boat," Arne said, pointing at my fleet with the toy soldier that I had carved for him. It was a decent enough piece of work, but hardly incredible despite the praise that every bootlicker tried to claim. He sat next to me, looking up to see my nod.

"Indeed. Boats," I agreed. My nephew was a quiet child, I was finding, but good-natured and friendly. He had some friends already, and hopefully, they would be true ones. It would be better if Brander and Asta were able to raise him, but Mother hadn't failed to raise a decent person. Except, perhaps, Haldur -- it was a dark thought that I pushed away, not wanting to dwell on it now that I was leaving.

"Thought I'd find you here," I heard Halfdan approach from behind, throwing an arm over my shoulders. "With little Arne too. Should I feel jealous?"

"Hm. I'd say so. Arne doesn't talk as much," I replied, earning a bark of laughter from Halfdan. The humor quickly became wistful, however.

"I wish I was going with you," Halfdan admitted, reaching down and rustling Arne's hair. There had been a lot of talks about it. A lot of talking. Honestly, it felt like every conversation in the past month revolved around it. In the end, as much as we spoke of it, we came to the course of action on the very first night. It was simply better for the family if I sailed off alone.

"I wish you were too," I admitted quietly. "But you're needed here. Mother will need you to keep Haldur in check." 'Kill him' -- I could almost still hear the words Mother had uttered. I heard them every time my thoughts turned to him.

Halfdan sighed at that, "Suppose so. I'd say it'd be easier if you were taking him, but I'm not sure I'd inflict that on you." That was a possibility that all of us considered, but all knew the truth of -- Haldur would not be happy if he went on this adventure with me. He hadn't said as much, but we both knew that it was true. "There is a black anger in him, Seig. Let him win his glory here. There is plenty of it to go around. Come spring, I suspect King Hoffer will be consolidating more of Norway." Most likely. The logic was simple, really -- people would expect him to be weakened with my departure, and going on the offense would prevent him from being put on the defense.

'He will betray you.' I was worried Mother was right, but I couldn't see it. Haldur may grow wroth with me, but he would never betray me to someone like Horrik. The blood debt wasn't just mine, but our family's. Such an action would damn him to the darkest and coldest pits in Hel. "You both have a hundred loyal men. I'm leaving the silver with Mother, so you can hire more if needed. You'll probably gain some because of our name." Haldur had been frustrated that I wasn't leaving the full two hundred men to him, but unsurprised. I'm guessing Mother warned him.

"Aye. Who knows, by the time you return to these shores, you'll find crowns on our heads," he teased. I offered an amused smile at the thought of it but said nothing. A horn blared out, announcing that the preparations were complete. All that was left was to load up on the ships. I heard Halfdan swallow a sigh, "I'll go gather up the others to see you off," he said, thumping me on the shoulder as a silent farewell. "Come on you baby drengr," he said, grabbing Arne by the tunic and carrying him like a bag while our nephew giggled the entire time.

I watched them go and swallowed a sigh myself. It was a hard thing to do -- saying goodbye to your family. It would be years before my return. Three at the least. Possibly five or even more. There was a considerable part of me that wished to call off the expedition entirely or even take them all with me. It was a weak feeling, but one that needled me regardless of how much I knew that they were needed here. Building alliances, making connections -- King Hoffer would be a grand ally when I returned, just as King Widukind would be.

"After everything, I'm still a boy that doesn't want to leave his mother's skirts, huh?" I asked the wind, looking down upon my army. A good number of them were clad in the new riveted chainmail, having taken to wearing it at nearly all times as a mark of pride. With a small huff, I shook my head and began to make my way down to the docks. They couldn't leave without me, but it wouldn't do any good to be late. It was as I descended that I saw a number of people waiting for me.

Jill and Morrigan. Morrigan leaned against a tree, her arms crossed, and wore an annoyed frown. Jill, however, stood straight and dignified. I was seeing a change in her over the past half year. Something that Mother was drawing out. "Siegfried," Jill greeted me, meeting my gaze. "I am here to inform you that I shall be accompanying you in this journey."

That wasn't really a question. Or even a request. My gaze slid to Morrigan, who rolled her eyes up to the sky, seemingly annoyed that she was here at all. Moral support? "Why do you want to come?" I asked her, tilting my head to the side. Jill was the odd one out in that regard -- Morrigan had to come because of her nature, and the debt that existed between us. Astrid wanted to come because of the adventure. Jill, however, didn't readily have a reason to come.

"Experience," Jill answered, having an answer prepared. "You have mercenary and mercantile experience, but you possess little in the way of diplomacy. I do, both because of my upbringing and my additional training over the past half year." She reasoned and, I could admit, that was a credible argument. "Additionally, three or five years from now is entirely too long for a betrothal. The two-year one we have now is questionable given our age. It would shame me to continue to wait for you."

There was a brief pause. "And I would like to go," she tacked on, making a small admission.

"Very well," I agreed and that seemed to bring her up short.

"That's it?!" I heard Astrid announce herself, stepping out from around a tree. An ambush, it would seem, in case I argued against the idea. "You told me no a dozen times before I got you to say yes!" She thundered, looking thoroughly annoyed with me. I had finally said yes to her request to join, despite my reservations. Partly because I'm certain that she would have snuck aboard, and partly because… well… Mother tricked me, it would seem. It was a lot harder to say no in the marriage bed.

"You didn't make an argument for it. You just said that you were going because you wanted to go," I pointed out, and I very much got the impression that Astrid didn't particularly care for that distinction. "And Jill isn't a combatant. She won't be in danger when we do eventually find a fight. You would be." I also saw that she didn't care for that point either, but at least it struck a mark because her face twisted like she bit into something bitter.

"What a glorious waste of time. See, fool? T'is unbecoming to simply assume rejection," Morrigan sighed at Jill, who still hadn't wiped the surprise off of her face. I glanced between the three of them, idly considering what I had signed myself up for -- Jill, Morrigan, and Astrid only got along when they were teaming up on me. Or, rather, Morrigan and Astrid fought like two cats in a bag, while Jill caught stray comments and arguments when she tried to mediate.

Jill shot Morrigan an annoyed look, "Most men would refuse such a request." She pointed out, and I knew that was true. I had heard more than one remark that I gave them too much freedom and allowed them to argue back too much. I didn't have an issue with disciplining my men, but… I looked between them for a moment -- all three of them were independent women. Astrid and Morrigan in particular clung to that independence. I don't think I could take it away without them hating me for it.

"I'm glad you're all getting along, even if it is at my expense," I told them, and Jill flashed a pleased smile while Morrigan and Astrid glared at each other, then at me.

"Me? Get along with this boorish oaf?" Morrigan rebuked, turning her nose up at Astrid.

"Boorish? I'll show you boorish, leech," Astrid shot back with little hesitation. And if I ever felt like they were going to overwhelm me, I could just do that and they'd be too busy fighting amongst themselves to team up against me.

Jill sent me a knowing smile, "I'll give instructions to have my luggage carried to your ship." She informed, and Morrigan and Astrid followed and argued behind her, trading sharp remarks and insults that had the people they passed by looking twice, expecting a fight. I simply shook my head, not dissatisfied with the turn of events as I continued heading down to the docks. I thought Jill should stay because Astrid was going to stay, and it would be better for them both.

If they believed differently? Well, I suppose we would see.

The docks itself were crowded. The single dock wasn't enough to house all of our ships, so fourteen of them had been pulled up to the beach. They were loaded, and ready to be pushed off. The town was seeing us off and at the helm of it all, I saw my family. Mother held herself together well, and I realized that she was wearing the expression I always saw when she was seeing my father and brothers off. That expression softened when she saw me approach. Solveig and Helga did too, stepping forward and wrapping their arms around me. Solveig in particular was difficult to hug, her belly rounded.

"A shame you can't stay to meet your nephew," Solvieg muttered in my ear as I hugged my sisters. It was a shame.

"I'll meet them soon enough," I reassured her, taking a step back. She smiled softly. Another reason to want to stay. By the time I returned, the babes would be walking around and talking. Arne would be halfway to a man grown, or near enough. The family would grow and I would not be here to see it. But I couldn't delay, regardless of how much I might want to. I was already cutting it too close -- it could be weeks of travel, and winter was just around the corner. "I'll return with enough gifts to make up for the lost years."

"I'll hold that to you," Helga said, letting go with some reluctance. Halfdan thumped me on the shoulder, our farewells already said, leaving me to turn to Haldur. He met my gaze, his expression guarded and unreadable.

However, that faded away with a small sigh. "Don't tarry too long, baby brother," he said as we embraced for the first time in what seemed like years. "Or I'll take Horrik's head without you." Neither of us wanted to part on poor terms, despite the simmering anger between us. It was a gesture that reassured me more than I liked to admit. Because, even now, I heard my mother's voice in my ear.

"I won't keep you waiting too long," I promised, letting go of my brother and finally turning to Mother.

She said nothing to me. Just as she never said anything to father when he set out to raid. She simply reached out and squeezed my hand, her gaze conveying the message -- 'come back to me.' I gave her hand a reassuring squeeze and nodded -- I would come back. I would return more glorious than ever. Wiser too, I hoped.

There was nothing left to say, for better or worse. At least, so I believed until Hoffer the Heir approached me. He held out a hand that I clasped forearms with, "Wolf-Kissed -- it has been an honor to fight beside you. You have made my father a king. I would see this debt repaid to you, if you would allow it. I wish to accompany you on this great adventure."

I think everyone was asking me at the very last minute because they knew I would have a much harder time thinking of reasons to say no. "It would be an honor to have you join us," I replied, caught a little flat footed, but Hoffer just grinned away. He was a good warrior. And with him, he brought a hundred men. "Would you not be needed here, though?"

"I have enough brothers to take my place, and my family is stronger than ever. Either I shall return greater, or one of my brothers will take my place as heir," he shrugged before he smiled, "And I still owe you that tale of my family." True enough I suppose. Hoffer made his own goodbyes with his family, which delayed us a bit, but within the hour and with another ship added to our fleet, we set sail.

It was unbecoming, but I kept my eyes on the island until it faded from view, trying to see my family for as long as I could. It was only when we were well on our way that a small sigh ended up escaping me. I was committed to this path, but that did not make it any easier.

Time did soothe the ache, I found, as we sailed off to Saxony. We sailed by Denmark, I did see the occasional rider that poked his head out from between trees or tall grass to watch our journey. And it would seem that they were preparing for our disembarkment. It was amusing enough to think of the messages that were being delivered to Horrik and Thorfinn, but I decided it was unwise to land for a variety of reasons -- chief among them all was my vow. I had yet to kill the wolf that had kissed me upon my neck.

We continued on to Saxony, sailing to where we had departed, and I saw a great number of changes. The dock was completely full of ships, and there were dozens more upon the beach. I quickly counted them out even as I heard a horn blowing from the town, announcing our arrival -- sixty ships. More than what I had asked for. A curious thing, I decided, sailing for the docks while I saw men gathering to greet us.

King Widukind stood at the end of the dock, and he seemed more alive than I had ever seen him. It wasn't until then that I saw how heavy of a burden the war had been, because he almost seemed like a different person. His dark hair still held a hint of gray and white, and wrinkles still gathered at his eyes, but they seemed smoothed away. He stood taller, his belly a bit rounder, and his arms thicker. He was dressed in a richly dyed green and white tunic, dark brown trousers, and wide fur boots -- upon his head was a golden crown that had been marked with green and red gemstones.

"Wolf-Kissed! We feared you wouldn't arrive," King Widukind greeted me warmly as I got off the ship at the very end of the dock. We clasped hands and I found that even his grip was firmer.

"King Widukind. You seem to be in good health. I'm glad to see it," I replied, my gaze flickering out to see a few other familiar faces. Jarl Aldmund and Hyrpa were the two foremost Jarls, likely elevated due to their victory over King Charlemagne.

"I have good reason to be! The peace has held," King Widukind said, answering a question that he knew I had. "There is the occasional border skirmish, but it's less than even what we experienced before the war." I suspected that was a result of the war -- in the invasion, a number of villages on both sides had been depopulated. Meaning that if there was going to be raiding, both sides had to venture far deeper into the nation to find wealth. Which was not ideal. "Come -- let us walk while our men organize things." Meaning that he wanted to speak in private.

I sent a nod at Thorkell and followed King Widukind, "it is a relief to hear that the peace has held. For Saxony, at least. What of Holland?"

"Functionally independent, but formally under the rule of Ageres," King Widukind began. "King Charlemagne does not dare to invade the territory as Holland and Saxony are staunch allies. It would only be natural to defend them as their king is a long-standing guest." I resisted the urge to snort at that -- Ageres was functionally a puppet, and it was King Widukind who had a hand up his ass, making Holland an extension of his realm in practice but not in theory. "The rebellion that we cultivated triggered not long after you left for Norway -- when King Charlemagne went to invade the Muslims, a number of his Jarls refused the call."

That was… honestly a little annoying. Now they rebelled? "Sounds like he has greater issues than Saxony." Which is likely why the peace held.

"He will crush the rebellion," King Widukind agreed. "And he will likely be stronger for it. I have kept a close ear to Francia. Rebellious lords have had their lands and noble titles revoked -- all men over ten are executed while the women are put in the service of their God. The lands go to the crown because of it. Perhaps the rebellions would be more of a threat if they were coordinated, but they have been crushed one after another."

I nodded in agreement, "He would turn that problem into an opportunity." It would be a dangerous game, but King Charlemagne was an expert player. It might take a year or two, but I suspected that he would find himself with more power than he had before the rebellion.

"He will. Perhaps the peace will not hold then, but for now, we have years to prepare. Such as forging alliances with our neighbors up north," he remarked lightly. "You created a king."

I nodded, "It was part of my wife's dowry." And, for a moment, I think it was the first time I had seen King Widukind ever struck speechless. "I have spoken to him about you. He seemed open to the idea of alliance, but I decided to leave the details of it between you. I am not a king yet."

King Widukind let out a scoff, "Merely a kingmaker. I shall send an envoy to King Hoffer to discuss terms. We do possess a common friend… as well as a common enemy now." That caught my attention, my gaze snapping to King Widukind as we made our way down the docks, a small contingent of soldiers trailing behind us.

"Horrik," I summarized, wondering what could have made him an enemy of King Widukind. We were allies, true, but that did not make Widukind Horrik's enemy.

"My payment to you has not been missed by the king of Denmark. My spies tell me that he assumes that the fleet is meant to sail past the Danevirke and attack him directly. Some months ago, raiders ventured out to burn a few ships and managed to destroy eight of them. I commissioned more to replace them, and to ensure that we had the agreed upon amount. Sixty ships, though the last ten do not possess any cargo." Meaning that I had a fleet of seventy-six ships. That was… almost too much, honestly. I had over a thousand men, but each ship needed at least a dozen men to row it. Ideally, there would be at least thirty men to each boat to ensure proper rest.

"I noticed that he had men watching the shore," I remarked, coming to a stop. "Has he prepared for an invasion?"

"Aye. Two thousand men at the Danevirke. Another two thousand in his capital with another thousand scattered about for quick response. Five thousand men in total, but a good half of them are Swedes," King Widukind explained. Five thousand men. A testament to the fact that Horrik's power had swelled.

A slow smile tugged at my lips, "I have no intention of invading yet. And I apologize for the trouble I have inadvertently caused you," I told King Widukind, who did seem surprised with my decision. "May I ask how many men will be joining me in my journey?"

"Seven hundred. Most of them are the second and third sons of my nobility. They are eager to earn glory and riches by following you," he answered. Meaning, all together, I had… two thousand and one hundred warriors. Closer to two thousand and two hundred counting the camp followers. And seventy-six ships. "Our warriors can be mustered. I can bring you two thousand warriors if you wish to march."

I shook my head, "No. I have something better in mind."

When I told him, King Widukind laughed louder and longer than I had ever heard from him.

…

A day was spent feasting and celebrating our departure, another day was spent organizing everything while taking stock. King Widukind had been generous with the goods in my hold -- there was beer, wool, pelts, tapestries, weapons, foodstuffs such as salt, cheeses, and grains. The more valuable goods had come from the raiding and plundering in Francia -- weapons, pigments, candlesticks, and even gemstones. All of it was divided up between my ships, and on the third day, we set sail. The wind was at our backs, a strong current carrying us forward, and we hovered near the shore of Denmark.

The Danevirke was an ancient fortification, to my knowledge. So old that no one knew who built it or who it was built to protect us from. It was a tall wall made out of dirt and wood with deep trenches before it that would stagger any army that tried to cross it. The two thousand men that were stationed there didn't dare leave such an important fortification, but with each passing day, I saw the number of people following us grew.

We could have made the trip in a day, but we continued at a leisurely pace, jeering at those on land. It was the next morning when I started seeing familiar territory. It was tempting to sail upriver to see my family home, but that was too close for comfort. Instead, we sailed around the tip of Denmark before sweeping east, still following the shoreline. A few brave men tried firing arrows at us, but that shortly stopped when I started shooting back, with greater effect.

It was noon when I saw it. Alabu. The capital of Denmark and the home of my most hated enemy.

There was a point in time when I thought that it was the greatest city in the world -- back when a small farm was the only thing that I had ever known. Now I saw it with more worldly eyes. The buildings were low and staggered things made out of wood and mud, the roads made out of mud, and a wooden palisade around the city itself. I could see the longhouse from where we sailed, as well as the dock, which had a good twenty ships bobbing in the sea. The only people on the streets were warriors -- hiding behind a shield wall and a barricade on the beach.

I searched them in silence and I could feel the tension in the air. It just about snapped when I finally found them. Horrik and Thorfinn.

They stood on the palisade, wearing armor and carrying weapons. Both of them had their helms off, allowing me to see their faces. Thorfinn was missing an eye, and it gave me no small amount of pleasure to see that it was an ugly scar. Two of them -- one that took his eye, and the other was a deep slash that clipped his eyebrow and went down to his cheekbone. His dark hair was pulled back, a short beard hanging from his cheeks…

He looked a lot like Horrik, I thought to myself, and despite the distance, I felt our eyes meet. His dark blue eyes met mine, his lips thin and his expression severe. I could see the trap that he was trying to lure me into. The beached ships would make landing more difficult than normal, and if I had to guess, the ships themselves would be loaded up with pitch -- a damning maneuver, but when I outnumbered his fleet so badly, it would be his best option.

I lifted a hand and drew a line over my throat with a thumb, and I knew he saw the action when his scowl intensified. I watched on as his scowl slowly became confused, then baffled as my fleet kept sailing by.

I laughed as I turned away from him, looking forward instead of back. He and Thorfinn both had their chosen day, and they would die at my hands, but today was not that day.

For I was off to Miklagard. The greatest city in the world.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 872 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 9, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Greatest City In The World
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,130
There were many rivers that people claimed could take us straight to the fabled Miklagard, but Thorkell warned that most of them were false. He had done his own asking around, gathering what he knew from his own travels, to piece together what would be our route. That route being to first sail up into the Baltic sea around the Finnish tribes, then to a town called Novgorod. It was seated around a river that many claimed could take us south so long as we were willing to port our ships over land briefly and set them down in a river called the Dnipro.

However, that in itself proved to be an issue. It was one thing to port over a small longship. It was a very different task to port over nearly a hundred ships. Additionally, the Dnipro river was claimed to be a long river. One that traversed through a number of kingdoms and tribes in addition to having many offshoots that were so great in size you could mistake them for the main river. Meaning that if we wanted to arrive at this so-called 'Black Sea' then we needed to hire a guide. An issue not easily solved because there were many that claimed to know the way, and if you asked a hundred guides, you'd get a hundred and one answers.

It was enough to make me regret leaving so late in the year when we finally arrived in Novgorod. The trade that we managed to do was minor in comparison to the fear that we would be forced to winter in the city because the Dnipro was reported to freeze over during the cold season.

"I have no intention of staying in your city. I would leave it now if I could. However, until you produce a guide that can honestly claim to have seen Miklagard, there is little point in leaving because we will return if led astray." Even as I said the words, I regretted them as I sat across from the Jarl of Novgorod. An older man with hints of gray in his beard that had golden beads woven into it. His expression pinched at the implied threat, seated across from me in his longhouse.

"I have presented you with a dozen guides that have sailed the journey," Jarl Radulfr replied, his tone stiff. Novgorod was not a large town. It was barely a town at all. It would be a simple thing to take it if we had to winter here, and he knew it. His people were warriors, but they were mostly shepherds and fishermen. The only reason I believed the stories at all was because there was an inordinate amount of gold in the town. Goods that came from the south.

My lips thinned in response, "Half of them are liars." I accused, making him bristle. "My scouts have proven as much. Perhaps they might have sailed the journey, but they weren't the helmsmen and they paid poor attention to their surroundings. The other half can't agree on which branches of the Dnipro are branches and which is the main river."

Jarl Radulfr slammed a fist on the table between us, his eyes narrowing into slits. "I cannot have you here when winter sets in. You'll eat us out of the town! I don't care where you go, boy, but you will not-" he started, and he realized that his temper slipped in the face of someone he should swallow his anger toward. He grit his teeth and settled back down, "Even if you ask for a proper guide, they'll be lost in the sea of frauds."

I knew that. This town was used to seeing small ships and bands pass through it for Miklagard, if they saw anyone at all. A fleet like this? It was unheard of and word had spread. Everyone knew that a guide would be paid well, and saw it as the opportunity of a lifetime.

"And in your years of being Jarl, you simply have no idea who might be true and who might be a fraud?" I pressed him, my own temper flaring. If this was the true path to Miklagard, then he should at least know someone. A guide that made the trip and came back. If he didn't, then he was deaf, blind, and stupid. However, he had great reluctance to share this man with me. Simply because, if my suspicions were correct, he feared that the man wouldn't need to make another trip in his lifetime and the town would be poorer for it.

I could tell my words struck true, but he simply glowered at me. I sensed that the conversation would wind in circles, so I stood, even if I did hope that the pressure of our continued presence would make him break. Without saying anything in the way of parting words, I marched out of the longhouse, a number of eyes watching my every move. Word of my reputation had reached this far, but most tales were dismissed outright. The reason why they feared me was because of my army that was seated right outside of their town.

Letting out a frustrated sigh, I watched as a cloud of fog escaped my lips -- another warning that winter was fast in coming, even if it was still fall. My gaze flickered to Olek, who had been waiting for me to leave the longhouse. He wore a deep frown and his expression told me that he already knew what had been said. "We can't afford to wait here any longer. We should take the ones we believe and threaten execution for any deceit," he advised. A harsh measure, but one that I was rapidly warming to.

"If we don't have something by the end of the day…" I trailed off, my patience reaching its end. It was frustrating. I was hitting an obstacle long before we even got a chance to set sail for Miklagard.

However, as luck would have it, Morrigan of all people provided a solution. It was hours later when my commanders and I were in my tent, discussing our options when she brazenly pushed the tent flap to the side, striding in with a smug smile. "No need to fret. T'is merely I, bearing a solution to our quandary. Siegfried, meet Michalis, our elusive guide." Morrigan informed, a man following her in.

The first thing that I noticed about him was he had darker skin than I had ever seen on a man. Darker than even the oldest of farmers that had spent a lifetime in the sun. His beard was equally dark and curly, same for his hair and even his eyes seemed so brown they almost appeared black. "Lord Siegfried," the man said, offering an odd bow to me as he spoke in accented Norse.

I looked to Morrigan, who seemed entirely too pleased with herself. "T'was a simple thing. Such a trade route would be valuable knowledge, and people keep things that they value close to their chests. I merely needed to follow his creatures when they went to check up on him to ensure that he had escaped your notice."

"This is true. Few know the Dnipro better than I, and fewer have made the journey as many times. Jarl Radulfr wished to keep me close at hand to make sure that I did not lead the trade to other openings to the Baltic Sea, or in particular, his rivals," Michalis explained. "With your arrival, I was imprisoned in all but name, and I would have my freedom."

True Sight marked him as gray, meaning that he wasn't an ally but he also wasn't an enemy. Tell Spotter didn't pick anything up either. "You have been to Miklagard, then?" I felt a rush of excitement at the idea we could finally leave.

To that, Michalis smiled. "In the Roman Empire, we call it Constantinople. A rich people with a richer history. There, they speak the languages Greek and Latin -- and it so happens that I speak both rather fluently. Better than my Norse, at any rate," he said, and I heard the offer. Looking at the man, despite his claims to be a prisoner, I saw that he was finely dressed. Finely stitched cloth that was dyed vibrant colors, with two thick gold rings on each hand. "It is my homeland. I only come north to secure trade goods such as amber and furs. Normally, I would already be on my way back, but it so happened that my departure aligned with your arrival."

He sounded completely ambivalent to that fact. Though, if I had to guess, he was glad to thumb the nose of Jarl Radulfr rather than aiming that ire at me. "You are a merchant then?" I questioned, a slow smile tugging at my lips.

"That I am, Lord Siegfried," Michalis confirmed, matching my smile.

Perfect.

"We would wish to accompany you on your way back to Mik- Constantinople. Safe passage for yourself and your goods," I said, and his smile grew.

"With a man of your reputation, I dare say I wish to see us attacked," Michalis replied smoothly. He was a man who was used to talking. He had a strong accent, but it wasn't enough to mask the experience he spoke with. "Naturally, I would introduce my fast friends to my contacts within Constantinople."

"And naturally, we would be appreciative of these introductions. I would be more appreciative still if you were to teach me this language called Greek," I decided, and even as he hid reaction, I could tell he was less enthused by that idea. Merely because it would mean that I would not be dependent on him to translate my dealings. Still, he swallowed it down, knowing that it was still a fine deal that would make him rich enough he could hire a captain and a ship to make this journey for him.

"It would be my highest honor, Lord Siegfried," Michalis said, bowing his head.

Perfect.

I looked to Morrigan and inclined my head in gratitude. Based on how her eyes danced with pride and amusement, I dare say that she would extract a greater price than Michalis would.

…

Jarl Radulfr was more than glad to see us off, at least until he saw who joined us. His expression pinched as if he bit into something sour, but he dared not to speak of it as we departed that same day. At long last, our ships were on the move again. First we sailed down the river Lovate before quickly reaching its end.

From there, we lifted the ships out of the river and began to carry them overland. It was then that our few numbers per ship caused us trouble, because we only had thirty men to a ship and every ship was heavy with cargo. We eased the passage as well as we could -- securing ropes under the ship to pull the boat as much as we carried it. All the same, it was a grueling five days of effort that a lesser fleet could have made in a third of the time.

It was nothing less than a relief when we were able to set the ships back into a river. The Dnipro. And I saw for myself how winding the river was with its many branches, acting almost a labyrinth with many that promised dead ends. Michalis seemed quite comfortable with navigating that labyrinth, thankfully. However, even with an experienced guide, the river itself has so many bends in it that it proved to be a poor idea to unfurl the sails, leaving us only with the strong current thanks to Blistering Speed. Michalis seemed quite surprised by it and claimed that if it held, then we would make up for the lost time.

It still took days of sailing the unfamiliar river, and hard rowing when we encountered the white rapids of the river. Still, all the same, over a week later, Michalis informed us that we were nearing the opening of the Black Sea when we spotted a town known as Kiev, which was seated on the Dnipro. And, it was there that we stopped, however briefly.

"Go to Constantinople and inform the port authorities that a trading fleet will arrive in five days," I said, flicking a half dozen men a single silver coin. "You get that much now, and you'll get another if you return. Understand?" I questioned in stilted Greek. It was an unfamiliar tongue to me, but I was learning it quite quickly. Not as quickly as Dutch or Latin, though. "Seventy six ships under the command of Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed."

The dozen men were a rough sort, but they knew Greek. They were desperate enough to make the journey for two silver coins and they knew the language. Half of them, I suspected, would simply keep the silver coin they had, but the other half would deliver the message. It was necessary. The very last thing that I wanted was for my fleet to be mistaken as an invasion. More than that, it was important that they expect us for the sake of lodgings.

The dozen men ran off, quick to deliver the message for more coin. Which left me a few days in the town of Kiev. And, it was then something happened.

Opportunity Spotted!
Wine and Oil shall be in short supply in Constantinople within one month.
1.5x-5x the price dependent on quality and vendor sold to.

It was the first time that Opportunity Spotter, an Economic management boon I had taken so long ago, had activated. I nearly tripped over my own two feet when I saw it while walking in the markets of Kiev, having nearly forgotten about it. Stewardship had been sorely neglected over the course of the war, much to my shame. There was a point when it was one of my leading stats, but it had long since been overtaken by Martial and Learning.

Deciding to take the opportunity, I ventured into the markets determined to find both wine and oil. Only for Assess Value to prove that to be a poor idea. Wine and oil seemed to come from the Roman Empire, down to the south, and it was sold up north at greatly inflated prices. I saw as much when the value for a jug of wine was the reddest I had ever seen an item. Already, it was over twice the price of what it had been sold for. Meaning, if I wished to make the greatest profits, I needed to find where the wine was cheap.

Oils, however, were cheaper. Enough so that it bothered me none to barter for some. The oils themselves were apparently used in eating -- a necessity for eating bread, or so Michalis claimed. It seemed unnecessary when I tried some, but if people were willing to pay for it, then who was I to stop them?

In any case, the five days passed with relative swiftness, allowing us to continue onward to the Black Sea. It took another two days to reach the opening, and originally, I didn't see why it was called the 'Black' Sea. The waves were still blue, even if a darker shade of it. However, it was when we sailed out into the open that the waves darkened until they truly did appear black. There was a rumbling amongst my men, some convinced that the waters were cursed, but it just proved to be motivation to row that much harder until we were able to unfurl the sails.

Excitement ran through me as I could feel us nearing our destination. Astrid, Jill, and even Morrigan had joined me staring out at the sight before us. It took the better part of a month to get here, but we were here at long last. I caught my first glimpse of it, and already, it stole my breath away. My imagination had filled in the blanks when I thought about what the greatest city in the world may look like -- I thought of Cologne, Frankfurt, Worms, and so many of the other cities I saw in Francia.

The sight of Constantinople, even at a distance, completely blew away my most wild expectations. Along the shoreline were impossibly tall walls that seemed to be gleaming white in the morning sun, the city itself sat on a gentle rise, and the higher the rise, the grander the buildings became. Peeking over the walls themselves, in a city that in itself seemed large enough to encompass the entirety of a Jarl's domain, were buildings unlike anything I had ever seen. Beyond even what I could have thought to imagine.

Tall buildings with domed tops, yet unlike the ship shaped domes of my people. The buildings were so grand that you could have fit a half dozen longhouses within them. My jaw dropped as I drank the sight in, completely in awe of it. I wasn't the only one.

"The dwarves must have built this city," I heard Astrid mutter under her breath as we rapidly neared it. I didn't find myself in disagreement -- the clumsy hands of men could not build such things. It was impossible. What I couldn't imagine is what gift could be so great in the eyes of the elusive dwarves that toiled away in their underground kingdoms that it could have convinced them to build such a city for men.

"It truly is the greatest city in the world," I said, knowing it to be true without even setting a foot inside it. I saw that there was a large dock that was closed off with a great iron chain. There was a lone ship that almost seemed similar to our longships, yet different. Taller, yet about as wide. Slower too, it would seem.

There was a man that stood on the bow, waving his hands to catch our attention. I waved back, showing that we had heard. He gestured for us to follow, and I was glad at least one of the men had delivered the message. Relaying the message to the rest of the fleet, we followed the ship around the coast of the city -- so great was it, that across the harbor was a second, smaller, city. It too, had tall walls. I was distracted by the sights, already trying to imagine what it must look like from within the walls. The little I could see possessed red tiled roofs and were built out of marble. Even the streets seemed to be made of stone.

The ship led us around two separate docks, both chained to prevent our entry, before he disembarked outside the city itself. It gave me a decent viewing of what lay before the city and it was a sight like no other -- there were three separate walls guarding Constantinople, the first being the shortest and the last the tallest. As if that wasn't a daunting enough sight for any attacker, before the walls was a long, deep, moat that was filled with water. The only way to get to the gate itself was with a bridge that was lowered from within.

I could only imagine how many armies had broken themselves upon those walls. Upon this city.

Only vaguely was I aware that my ship continued onward, beaching on the shore next to the Roman ship. It was there that a man in an odd armor -- Lamellar armor -- greeted us. "I am Lysander, greeting you on behalf of his imperial majesty Emperor Leo the Fourth! Would Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed step forth so I may escort him and two others to meet with Protospatharios Aetios to discuss his entry to the most glorious city under God, Constantinople!" Lysander shouted out, and before I could say so much as a word, Astrid leapt out of the boat, deciding that she would be going.

"Thorkell, with me. Olek, Hoffer -- keep everyone honest," I issued the orders before jumping out after Astrid. Lysander's eyes narrowed at Astrid, before going to Thorkell, before settling on me. In the past half year, I had grown. Thorkell was still taller than me by a head, but it was no longer a head and shoulders. I stood taller than the guard at least, and I noticed his gaze lingering on the scar on my neck. "I am Siegfried. This is my companion Thorkell, and this is my wife, Princess Astrid. It would be our honor to greet Protospatharios Aetios." I wasn't entirely sure what a Protospatharios was, but I'm guessing it was something like a Jarl.

To that, Lysander's eyes widened a fraction but he made no move to bow. He was surprised that I spoke Greek. He did incline his head to me before gesturing for me to follow him to the city gates. The moment he wasn't looking, Astrid drove an elbow into my ribs. "Princess?"

"Your father is a king now," I reminded, making her roll her eyes.

Passing under the considerable defenses of the city, I caught my first glimpse of Constantinople -- it was glorious. That was the only word that could describe it. The road was made of stone, as was every building. Greeting any and all travelers entering the city was a large statue that was so realistic that I wasn't entirely certain that someone hadn't been turned into stone along with the horse that the figure rode on. It was also a sight that was cut short entirely too soon as we were led into a building near the docks that could have been a palace by the standards of my people.

Even the floor was beautiful, I thought, seeing symbols and shapes inlaid into the stone. I didn't dare step on any of them, afraid of causing offense. The walls were covered in rich tapestries, pedestals carrying vases and golden artifacts marked with jewels, every single one of them were something a king would be proud to own. And here, it was mere decoration. Lysander led us to a large set of double doors of dark wood, of which it too was engraved with gilded gold making the shapes stand out.

The doors opened at our approach, revealing the man that we would be meeting with. He had the same dark skin, hair, and eyes that Michalis had, though he lacked a beard. He sat behind a stone table of marble and gold, dressed in silks, rubies, sapphires, and gold. He was more finely dressed than even King Charlemagne. I could have easily mistaken him for a king in truth -- the room we were in certainly felt like a throne room. It was… overwhelming, honestly. Beyond my wildest expectations.

"I am Protospatharios Aetios, dear travelers -- entrusted with the sacred duty of welcoming you to our fair city on behalf of Empower Leo the Fourth, glory to his name," Aetios greeted us, his tone warm and welcoming. "We thank you for your warning -- we are unused to seeing such a mighty fleet being used for commerce. Though, I do understand, it is commanded by your army, Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed." He said, inclining his head to me as the doors were shut behind us.

I wasn't entirely sure how to respond. How he spoke was… flowery. Grand. "I am," I decided, confirming who I was, "and it is Protospatharios Aetios. We are mercenaries first and foremost, and the gods were kind in our last contract. We have fifty longships heavy with furs, amber, ale, jewels, and even unicorn horns. Even far in the North, we heard tales of this city and I wished to see it myself." I thought that was good enough, but, immediately, I saw his eyes harden.

"It gladdens me to know that the glory of Constantinople reaches far and wide," he began, an edge entering his tone that hadn't been there a moment ago. "As well as inspire such brave adventures to come so far to bear witness to its majesty. However, I fear it may be for naught. Constantinople is a city built by the grace of God, and it is He whom we worship and give thanks for all things. Am I to understand that you are… pagans?" He questioned, making my lips thin.

Christianity ruled here? I hadn't known that. That would have been a fine thing to know.

"We are," I answered after a brief pause. This was… not what I imagined it, to be completely honest. Would we be turned away at the gates? Barely setting foot into the great city? Both Astrid and Thorkell sensed my distress, even if they couldn't understand a word being said. "Is being a Christian the only way to enter the city?"

Thankfully, he shook his head. "Oh, no. Constantinople welcomes all from all walks of life. However, if you wish to trade in our glorious city, you must either be Christian… or receive a special permission that can only be signed by his imperial majesty." Ah. I see.

"May I ask how might a band of mercenaries receive such permission?" I asked, knowing exactly where this was going. At the very least, it would be a chance to blood the new warriors that I had with me.

Aetios smiled ever so slightly, gladdened to see that I understood. "To the south there is a territory known as Greece. It is a minor territory, but it is one that holds significant personal value to our great empire. Remind them to whom they owe their allegiance, and I can see to it that you are granted the right to trade in the greatest city in the world."

It was a poor deal. No matter how you look at it -- spilling blood and risking lives for a seal that would let us do what we came to do, with no other reward beyond that. However, when I thought on the magnificent sights that we saw coming in…

It would be worth it.

"Very well. You may consider the nation of Greece Roman once more."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 819 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 23, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Parthenon
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 30, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,212
The men were eager, I found. While trading was my intention, they sought battle and war. It was their own way to enrich themselves, and with near a thousand Saxons having joined us, they were ready to plunder and prove themselves. On the journey over, two hundred sets of riveted mail had managed to be completed. The task was proving to be more time consuming than expected, but two hundred sets was more than enough to make many men jealous of the armor.

Their excitement was only matched by my reluctance as we sailed away from the greatest city in the world to do battle against the Greeks. We were so close to entering it, to witness its splendor, only to sail away. However, as much as I wanted to, I couldn't let my reluctance show.

"What is the source of the conflict within Greece?" I asked Michalis, who had chosen to stay with us, even though he could have stayed behind. He saw opportunity, I suspected. The wind carried us to the south west, where we would find this land of the Greeks, but this was a very different situation for me than it had been in Saxony. When I first met King Widukind, I had been accompanied by Jarls. The Saxons were kin to my people, or near enough. The Franks had been foreigners to rebuff…

This was different. This was fighting against strangers for strangers in a strange land.

"Foreigners, mostly," Michalis said with an air of disdain. We were seated at the front of my ship, the figurehead of a roaring dragon was removed to not offend the spirits of this strange land. "The Slavic people have flooded into the Greek lands, driven there by the Bulgarians to the north of Constantinople. I dare to say that they outnumber the Greeks two to one at this point and they never called the Romans their empire or people. They gained enough prominence that they dared to rebuff the Emperor when demanded the destruction of their icons."

Thorkell sat on the edge of the ship, his arms crossed while Olek sat across from him. Beyond the two, I saw Astrid pretending that she wasn't listening from behind her brother Hoffer, who seemed genuinely oblivious to her presence. The last member of the impromptu war meeting was a man named Alfric -- a Saxon noble with a hair and beard as black as pitch in his early twenties. He had inherited his prominence due to the fact that he was Jarl Aldmund's fifth son, but it would remain to be seen if he would keep the position. I only allowed it because he spoke Norse in addition to Germanic.

"Icons?" Thorkell questioned, cocking his scarred eyebrow.

"Religious icons. Depictions of Jesus, his holy mother Mary, and events of the bible. The Iconoclasts find that such images are blasphemy -- they confuse the population in what they should worship. They believe that the holy scripture is all one should need for faith, not grand paintings, statues, or memorabilia." Michalis explained, and that seemed… a rather…

"What a queer people," Olek bluntly summarized what we all seemed to feel.

To that, Michalis simply shrugged. "They are not my beliefs, but I do understand the argument. Perhaps, should you be so lucky, you will enter the Hagia Sophia -- the grandest church in the entire world. You will be awed by the splendor." He sounded absolutely certain of it, and based on the little I had seen of Constantinople, I wasn't inclined to doubt him. "When you are, ask yourself -- is it the buildings and icons within that inspire such awe? Yet, it is the house of God, so should that awe not be reserved for Him?"

I did see the argument now. "They rebelled to protect these icons?"

"I believe that is the excuse they used rather than the truth. They simply didn't want to pay service to the Emperor and stopped sending their taxes and tribute. To my knowledge, no battle has been fought for independence as the Emperor has greater concerns, such as the Abbasid Caliphate to the east, across the Mediterranean, or the Bulgarians in the north."

"Sounds like the Romans have a number of enemies," Hoffer noted, sounding pleased that our services would be in high demand. To that, Michalis inclined his head to him.

"When you are the greatest, there are many that would see you fall to supplant you," Michalis agreed without saying as much. I pondered that for a moment and considered what we had learned. That, simply put, Rome was weakened enough that they didn't have the manpower to enforce their will on a territory a day sailing from the capital. I knew little of this Caliphate or the Bulgarians, but they must be great enemies to rival such an empire. As great as Francia, perhaps?

But, that was a distant concern. The more immediate problems came first, "In this… silent rebellion, no armies have been raised?" I asked for clarification. "There must be a leader in this revolution."

"Two ancient cities have risen to prominence," Michalis confirmed. "Athens and Patras. A distant third, however, is Sparta. The first two are located near the water while the third is further inland. Mountainous terrain, I believe, but I confess that I have never seen it myself. They lead and the rest follow."

"Cut off the head of the snake and the body will die," I voiced, earning nods all around. "which is closest? What kind of numbers do we face?" I asked, and to that, Michalis seemed pensive. I could tell that he didn't know.

"Athens would be the closest. If they were to summon an army, I would say tens of thousands," Michalis ventured, sounding uncertain. To that, Thorkell grimaced while Hoffer frowned. I think he thought Michalis was exaggerating. He had yet to fight in a battle with more than five thousand men on the field. "But that is for the region. How many each city could raise on its own… I confess that I do not know."

A month. That's how long I had to take advantage of the opportunity.

"Then we do not give them the chance to raise an army," I decided. "Speed is on our side in this. The faster we get this done, the better. No sieges." To that, Thorkell gave me a winning grin. "I say we split into two groups. The first group will consist of myself and Thorkell. With a thousand men. Olek, Hoffer, Alfric -- you three will continue onward to Patras by ship. We will take Athens first, then march to Sparta, before we join you at Patras. If you get there before us, surround the city and wait."

Michalis frowned at me ever so slightly. I imagine that he imagined it would be a great deal more difficult than that. It very well could be. Especially if we had any intentions of holding the cities. We didn't. We just needed to take them, capture whoever was leading them, and secure promises that they would honor whatever agreement they had with the Romans.

"It'll be a good opportunity to prove our skill," Alfric voiced in accented Norse. "How much distance between these cities?"

Michalis seemed more perturbed but he answered all the same. "A few days? I can't say with certainty, but I have heard that a merchant with a wagon and mule can make the journey within… four or five days."

Alfric was right. It would be an excellent opportunity to prove our skill and ability. Three cities within two weeks? A region brought back into the fold? That would be a strong introduction to any that would seek to hire us. And, in such a short span of time, the Greeks really wouldn't have any opportunity to muster a response or unify. We would be well on our way by then with captives and promises…

"These cities. They are not the enemy. It isn't like it was in Francia," I began, looking at everyone. "The Romans intend to rule them when we're done and we are strangers in this land. It would be wise to avoid making things more difficult for us in this land of Christians." I could see that they saw where I was going with this -- Hoffer and Alfric both scowled, while Thorkell and Olek simply nodded. "The looting must be minimal. Nothing that the Romans would demand that we return or call us thieves over. No thralls shall be taken. None. No, more than that -- any who harm a citizen will be flogged by my own hand."

They liked that less. "That will be… difficult," Alfric admitted, and at the very least, he was being honest about it.

"I know," I agreed, inclining my head to him. "But it is necessary. These are citizens of the Roman Empire. We cannot afford to overstep," I emphasize, knowing very well that I would be forced to discipline a number of soldiers. A mistake I had made in hindsight -- I should have already been making an effort to control the looting, but I hadn't simply because I didn't want to fracture the men who were here for riches and glory.

"We shall inform the men, Wolf-Kissed," Olek said and I nodded. They would grumble a bit, but once a few examples were made, I suspected that the grumbling would stop. So long as they got rich.

"Good. We sail on."

…

Athens was an old city, I learned. A city that had a history as rich as any king. A city so old that it had likely been built when Odin still walked Midgard as a mortal man, ignorant of his godhood. Upon seeing it, I could practically feel the age of the city. It was located just off the ocean and seated upon a tall looking cliff with steep sides. Tall yet crumbling walls stood around the city with the heart of it being another tall cliff that housed a building -- a church, I think. It too had clearly weathered the onslaught of time, but it still stood proudly.

Looking at the city itself from an attacker's eye… it would not be difficult to take. The location was not easy to attack, limiting numbers, but that was not a complication that we would have. It invested much of its defenses to a single point of failure, and once it fell, the city would fall. Of that, I was confident. I just needed to open the gates with minimal casualties and injuries.

Olek, Hoffer, and Alfric sailed onward, leaving Athens to Thorkell and myself. We landed just outside of the city. Thorkell got the men in line while I approached the gates, Astrid deciding that she was tagging along. Athens had seen our approach long before we landed, and they closed up their gates and readied their men in case we were attackers instead of traders. A wise precaution, even if I did find it somewhat annoying. As we had left our horses in Norway, I approached on foot.

"Hold there, traveler!" I heard a voice in the walls shout out as I approached. Looking up, I saw that it was a dusky skinned man with a dark beard wearing the same kind of Lamar armor that I saw in Constantinople. "What business do you have with Athens?"

"I am Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. To whom am I speaking to?" I introduced myself, seeing bows and arrows that were aimed at me from the walls. The walls weren't taller than anything I had seen before -- I knew from experience that we could take the city. First I secure footholds on the walls, have men follow me up to fill the empty space, then I rush for the gate. Nothing that I hadn't done before.

"You speak to Elpidius, the captain of the guard of Athens," Elpidius answered.

"Well met, Elpidius and people of Athens. I am a mercenary under the employee of the Roman Empire and I have been tasked with securing your surrender so Greece will once again swear to Emperor Leo the fourth," I replied, trying to sound official. It was stretching the truth a bit, admittedly, but not to the point of breaking. "On my word, should you surrender now and should those responsible for the failure to pay the Emperor his due be apprehended, none of you will be harmed."

There was a lengthy pause and I'm pretty sure I heard someone running off to deliver my demands to whoever was in charge. However, until then, Elpidius spoke. "I saw half of your army sail up the coast. I count no more than a thousand men with you. You must be mad to believe you can sack the great city of Athens with such a pitiful force."

"I sent them away because they would be wasted here. I need no more than a thousand men to take this city," I replied, and I could tell that my confidence had shaken him ever so slightly, but I suspected that he thought that I had a secret plan with the other half of my army. And, I suppose, he was right. Only the secret plan didn't involve Athens.

By seeing them sail on, he would suspect an attack from the rear and spread his men thinner to cover all angles of attack. Thus making the front gate weaker.

There was a terse silence as he waited for the response of whoever was in charge of the city. Predictably, their answer was to refuse. "Attack these walls if you dare. Through the might of God and his servants, we shall strike you dead!" Elpidius announced, the decision made. I nodded, expecting nothing less. Astrid was practically giddy with excitement on the way back seeing as this would be her first assault on a city. The men were gathered up…

And we took Athens.

I recalled my first time scaling the walls of a fortress. The heart pounding anticipation and the roar of chaotic combat -- the first time, it was all just a blur of action and blood and death. The second time was just about as intense, but I was more aware of everything. Athens was the thirteenth city that I had assaulted, and between my experience, my gift from the gods, and the blessing that I bestowed upon Thorkell, which made him act at the perfect moment where it would matter the most?

Breaking into the city was easy. Simple. Maybe not as mundane as putting on a pair of shoes, but it almost felt so practiced that it was like it was a chore.

My warriors poured into the city with Thorkell at the helm. The civilians were screaming at how suddenly we broke through their defenses, fleeing into their homes. They were left alone as the single band of warriors broke off into smaller parts -- groups of a hundred, just like we trained. They swept the streets as the men on the walls came down, but it was already far too late. They still had the sheer numbers to force us out, but they were so disorganized that they failed to realize that and most simply started to surrender.

And, just like that, within two hours… Athens had fallen to us.

"That was a fine battle," Thorkell told me as we now walked the streets of Athens. The roads were made out of cobblestone, some of which were covered in blood. "Simple. Clean. The men listened."

"Mostly," I corrected, agreeing with the sentiment. Anyone who fought was killed. I would have liked to say only soldiers were killed, but a number of the population had tried to fight back out of fear for their homes and families. They were killed for their bravery. Warriors deaths, but unnecessary.

Thorkell nodded, "Aye, mostly." The dead were being piled up in the streets and I heard people sobbing. "But this was a success. You ever train a dog, Seig?" He asked me, making me furrow my brow at the question. "The hardest part is getting them to obey the order 'sit.' Sure, it's easy enough to make them sit down, but to make them stay seated? Even when you're waving a juicy bone in their face? That's difficult. The men managed to sit in place. No unnecessary violence to the fine people of Athens. And no looting."

He was right about that. I hadn't given that order. Actually, I had approved of looting to some degree. It was the right of the victors. However, what ended up happening was that the vast majority of the army didn't loot at all because they didn't know what would be considered something the Romans wouldn't miss. In our home, foodstuffs would be most sorely missed -- animals too. Would that be the case in a foreign land? The buildings were so great and ancient, the churches gilded with gold and jewels -- would the Romans value them as we did?

It was an unintended result, but I couldn't say that I wasn't happy with it. They were so paralyzed with indecision that they did nothing beyond nurse their wounds and keep the peace.

This was an opportunity, I knew. One that I intended to seize.

I had considered how I would change things when it came to looting. I'd had ideas way back during my first raid, when I saw the uncontrolled chaos that almost ended in our defeat when more Saxons came barreling through the village. Then again during my time raiding throughout Francia. "Have the men break off into teams of ten to search the houses -- more if needed. Stick to the noble districts in this case. We will need to travel quickly and we can't be weighed down by the loot."

Thorkell hummed in response but said nothing while I continued. "Have them gather everything they find at the gate. I'll have someone mark down what they brought to keep track. When the loot is gathered, we can do claims -- if you brought it to the pile, you have the best claim to it, but we make sure that everyone gets something." It was the simplest solution, I thought -- I saw it again and again. When the battle was over, everyone simply rushed off to find the best loot before anyone else did.

It was the fear of missing out. Of being a little too late and another finding a life-changing pouch full of gold coins, or a magic rock buried underneath a bed. In Francia, I think a third of the wounds or deaths my men suffered came from the looting after the battle. They simply ran off, breaking into a home in hopes of finding treasure or a woman and they never noticed the man behind them until a knife entered their back or slit their throat.

Everyone getting something, bringing it all to one place for distribution. I felt like those two changes would take the worst of the lack of discipline away. And, by working in teams, I could hopefully cut down on the injuries that came from desperate peasants defending their homes and livelihoods. They were attacks of opportunity and with groups, those opportunities should be fewer.

"Aye, makes sense to me. But, if we're going to be trading, I'd try to sweeten the pot a bit," Thorkell advised, making me look at him as we slowly made our way up the steps to the temple. "Men go for what glitters. They won't take one look at some fabrics or pigments. Give them a reason to -- a share of the profits of what they bring to you to sell."

I blinked. "That's a really good idea," I admitted and Thorkell let out a vaguely offended huff.

"I occasionally have them. Like when I joined you," he added, thumping me in the shoulder before he broke off to start issuing the orders.

"Wine!" I called out after him, making him glance over his shoulder. "Wine and oil," I added, and he understood the message. There. That should hopefully give me the wine and oil I needed to take advantage of the trading opportunity in Constantinople. I heard Thorkell barking orders in the distance while I reached the top of the small cliff, and reached the temple that resided on it. It was a natural position to pull back to, which was why it was no surprise to see that the nobility of the city came here.

If they had time to entrench their position, it would have been a tough nut to crack, but their focus had been on the outer walls. We had them before they realized what had happened.

There were other, smaller, buildings that were built in clusters that seemed to match what I was coming to recognize as the Greek style -- pillars and arched roofs. A group of men were forcing the nobility into one of the houses despite their protests in Greek and Latin. For the moment, I paid them no mind in favor of examining the temple itself. It was a grand building, I decided, approaching it. The marble was weathered and placing a hand on one of the pillars, I could feel the history of this place.

The people here must have felt it too, because it was plainer than what I had come to expect from churches. Still, it felt grand as I entered, the ceiling high above. I didn't know how it didn't collapse upon me, and as wary as I was, if it had lasted so long, I imagine it would last some time after my death. There was an odd water bed that sat before a large carved statue of the Mother Mary. Her expression seemed fiercer than what I saw in Francia. There was resolve in her expression rather than the tender care of a mother.

It hit me not a moment later. This statue wasn't of the Virgin Mary -- or, rather, it wasn't originally. The Christians had repurposed the statue. I saw evidence of it at the statues base, where stone was marked with the removal of something. I couldn't tell what. "Who were you?" I asked the statue of an unknown goddess, not really expecting an answer.

What a goddess she must have been, I thought. Why else would she have such a grand holy place?

"The troublemakers have all been rounded up- whoa," Astrid informed me, her face marked with blood splatter from the battle. Her expression was as fierce as the goddess before it changed into one of surprise. Astrid gaped up at the statue with a slack jaw and it only snapped shut when I chuckled. "This place…"

"It is an old land," I agreed, turning away from the goddess. I didn't know her name, but it did leave a bad taste in my mouth that a statue to her glory has been repurposed. And I think I understood the argument that Michalis had put forth -- how icons could influence faith. "How many disobeyed me?" I asked Astrid, and she was reluctant to tear her eyes away from the grand statue that stood two dozen feet tall.

She fell in step behind me, "Seven of them. Which isn't a lot, but…" She trailed off as I swallowed a sigh. The rule breakers were kneeling on the ground outside of the temple, a handful of guards by them to make sure that they didn't try anything. However, based on some of the expressions they wore, most of them wouldn't dare to when they saw me. "That one broke into a home and killed a man that fled into it. That one killed a boy that was hiding behind some barrels. Those three set fire to a house. The last two…" her jaw spasmed, "rape."

My gaze flickered across the men before me. I never really had to discipline my soldiers before. There wasn't really a need. They did what I told them, but I never told them to not do something. This was a first for me and a first for them as well. Some of them were faces I knew. Old faces. "In the arson -- did anyone die?" I asked and Astrid's lips thinned.

"Family of six."

"It wasn't our fault! A damn candle was knocked over! Fell on the bedding-!" One of the warriors began but he swallowed his words when I looked at him. I held his gaze and he looked away, the fight leaving him.

"The man that fled into the building?" I asked, looking at him. He met my gaze evenly.

"He was pelting us with stones. He just about took out one of my eyes. He dropped the stones and fled like a coward when he saw that these soft soldiers wouldn't be between us any longer, that's why he wasn't seen with a weapon. I broke into the house and killed him," he admitted, and I did see a red bump on his forehead above his eye. He didn't seem to be lying. "When I entered the house, he dropped to his knees. Couldn't understand a word he said, but I'm pretty sure he was begging." A coward then.

"Stand. You will pay the family a wergild worth three silver coins -- for the unnecessary death, and for the door you broke." I decided, and the soldier seemed relieved as he stood up. My attention went to the soldier that killed the boy, and he immediately jumped to explanations.

"I didn't see him! He just jumped out at me! I swung out of instinct and…" he gestured to his head. He was lying. Tell Spotter gave him away. To that, I said nothing, and that seemed to make him nervous before I lastly turned to the two rapers.

One couldn't look at me and one tried to appear defiant. "I gave direct orders that the population of this city were not to be harmed in any way. The others… accidents happen. Rape is a deliberate act."

The defiant one offered a small shrug of his shoulders, "Our blood was up and we wished to sample the women of this land." Not a defense in the slightest. Astrid growled next to me, a hand going to her dagger. I held up a hand before she did something foolish. I stopped and took a breath. Normally, it would be a lawspeaker that would decide what punishments they would receive, but I was the closest one we had at the moment. More than that, I knew I had to make an example of these men.

Disobeying me had to come at a cost.

"For the death of the boy -- five lashes in addition to a wergild of the worth of ten silver coins." The man let out a sound of despair but quickly swallowed down his protests. "For the arson -- no lashes, but the three of you will pay the worth of fifty silver coins to their kin. In addition, you lose your share of the loot taken today." Based on some of their expressions, I think they would have preferred the lashes. "As for the rapers… do the women still live?" I asked, and I saw their faces pale.

Astrid nodded, "Aye, they do."

"They will decide what is an appropriate number of lashes," I decided and the smile I got from Astrid was downright feral. The man that tried to appear unafraid and unashamed seemed shaken, while the other began to resort to pleading for mercy. They both seemed to understand what was coming for them, but I waved them away.

It was some hours later, when the looting was done and the nobles were captured, that I had the thousand men gather up to witness the sentencing. We had taken light losses in the assault -- a dozen wounded, and one death from an unlucky arrow. I stood at the center where two posts had been placed in the dirt. Word had gotten around, and I could feel the tension in the air spike when the two offenders were marched to the posts wearing only trousers.

"I gave an order to all of you before we took this city. Most of you obeyed it in a way that surpassed my expectations. For that, you will be rewarded. However, these two men deliberately disobeyed that same order that you upheld. For that, they shall be punished," I told my men before I caught Thorkell's eye and he nodded. When I returned that nod, Astrid and two women marched forward. Both seemed uncertain despite whatever reassurances they might have been given.

One suffered a bad break to her nose and one of her eyes was swollen shut, but I could see the seething anger in her lone eye when she regarded me and the man tied to the post. The other offered a bow when they came to a stop in front of me, but was unwilling to meet my gaze. "You two have been wronged against my will and orders," I told them in Greek, and that seemed to surprise them. "You will be paid-"

"I am no whore," the one with the broken nose spat at me.

"For your pain and suffering," I continued. "The men responsible are being disciplined and I thought it would be best for the party that suffered to decide a fair number of lashes," I told them before I presented two whipping sticks to them. "I cannot undo what was done, but I can give you this." The one with the broken nose said nothing before taking the stick and marched to the man who assaulted her before commencing with the single most vicious flogging I had ever seen in my life.

The pale flesh of his back began to rise with welts that quickly began to overlap. The other joined her soon after, the two women beating the men with all of their strength. The meeker of the two stopped after twenty lashes, refusing to continue when the stick broke. The other, however…

She broke a stick at fifteen, then another at forty, and a third at eighty. When she struggled to strike with her arm, she used her other, reducing the man's back to a bloody mess. The clearing was silent except for her grunts of effort, dripping with sweat, the man she struck no longer having the strength to even scream. It was only when the forth stick broke and she struggled to lift her off hand that she decided that was enough. The man was taken down from the pole, laying limply on the ground, but no one needed to be a healer to know that he'd die from the wounds.

It was a message well sent, I thought.

Simply because I knew that I would never face this problem again.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 920 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 30, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Thermopylae
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 6, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,245
"Sparta," I named the settlement, looking at it with narrowed eyes. It was located in a mountainous area that reminded me of Norway, though admittedly less cold. It should be nearing winter -- I saw signs of it even here. People were pulling in the harvest and not planting anything except for what might grow over winter. It was a strange land, I decided. The winters here were warmer than the summers in Norway.

The city itself was seated in a fortified position. A river divided it in half, flowing through the valleys of the terrain. Clusters of buildings grew on one side of the river, where the farmers would come and go. On the other side of the river was a town that clung to a hill that turned into a steep cliff. At the very top of that cliff was a building that seemed to act as a castle overlooking the territory. Given the lack of busyness, I knew our approach had been noticed. "It has no walls," I observed.

"It was said that Sparta had no need for walls, for the Spartan soldiers with their shield wall was greater than any man could hope to build." Michalis remarked as we came to a stop on the path leading to the city. Our ships remained in Athens, along with two hundred and fifty men to hold the city. Plenty because we entrenched them near the Pantheon, as I had learned what the great temple was called.

"Spartans?" I questioned, thinking that was quite the claim. Looking at the city, and how unprepared it seemed for our arrival… It seemed foolish to me.

"Once it was home to the greatest warriors in the world," Michalis told me, drinking in the sight with a hum of excitement. "Or so the stories say," he added with a small shrug when I cast a glance his way. The greatest warriors in the world?

"What do the stories say?" Astrid asked, immediately interested. I saw Michalis fighting off a small smile, but I couldn't tell what that smile was for.

"Many hundreds of years ago, there was a great empire to the east that sought to claim this land -- Greece, and all that lay beyond it. The city-states of Greece banded together for the first time in their history, yet it would not be enough. The empire that sought to conquer them had a vast army of hundreds of thousands," he began, only for Astrid to scoff at the idea of such an army. I too found such a number hard to believe. That must be as many men that walked the world. "Worse, they had no time. The army was at their gates, entering their lands to plunder it."

Michalis inclined his head to the city, "It was the Spartans that acted while others squabbled. A great king by the name of Leonidas took three hundred Spartans and led them to a place called Thermopylae -- a narrow mountain pass near the sea. And there, three hundred Spartan warriors fought day and night, rebuffing the army of hundreds of thousands under a canopy of so many arrows that the very sun was blotted out." Then he shrugged, "Or so they tell the children."

It sounded like a tall tale, I thought, but it did rouse some interest from me. "Do you believe it?" I asked him and he offered a small shrug in response.

"The enemy they faced is surely exaggerated, but it would be an odd thing for a tale to endure so long if there wasn't a kernel of truth to it," he spoke and I supposed that was a fair reasoning. Could this King Leonidas be like me? Or like King Charlemagne? I shuddered at the thought of twelve Paladins, but three hundred of them? In the right terrain… I thought it could very well be possible. Three hundred men against a hundred thousand. "In any case, it is no longer relevant today. The days of the Spartans are long gone. They were conquered by Rome and while their legacy endures, they are not the warriors they once were."

"A shame, that is," Astrid said with a wistful sigh. "And the empire? What happened to them?"

"The Persians. I suppose you could consider them the Abbasid's great grandsire. They once ruled everything to the east of Greece. They were pushed back by Rome, before eventually collapsing into nothing. From their ashes came the Sasanians who ruled for centuries before they fell to the Muslim Caliphates." Michalis answered and I glanced at him from the corner of my eye.

I had spent some time in his company -- more so now that we were in his homeland and he was acting as a guide. Enough time that certain things had started to stand out to me. Michalis introduced himself as a merchant, one that was willing to brave far-off lands that others dared not to tread for the sake of profits. However, Michalis… how he spoke, how he acted, how much he knew… for what reason would a merchant that traveled to the other side of the world need to know about such histories? Who taught him? Why was he taught in the first place?

There was more to Michalis than met the eye, I was beginning to think. I just wasn't sure what.

"Well, it is time to test these Spartans and their might," I said, urging a horse that I now rode forward to the unwalled city. My near thousand men marched with me, our eyes darting around for signs of an ambush. Instead, as we neared, we saw a man. A frail-looking man who looked like he had never seen an easy day's work in his entire life.

"Gone! Begone!" He shouted at me, waving me off. I fought off a smile at the sight of the greybeard who stood completely unafraid in the face of my men and myself. "There is nothing for you here, stinking barbarians!" He yelled out in Greek.

"I will be the judge of that," I returned, and the old man's eyes narrowed into slits. "I am here to remind the leaders of this land to whom they owe their allegiance," I added, and I saw surprise flicker across his face as he seemed to chew on something.

"You are not Bulgarians," he voiced, his tone doubtful.

"We are Norse. We are mercenaries for the Romans," I told the old man, and while I saw that his esteem would have been much higher if I was Roman myself, by not being a Bulgarian, he became downright friendly. "I am here for Sparta's surrender."

"Well, I can't give it to you, but those cunts up in their villas can. You won't find much resistance, milord. The boy-lord saw fit to march out with the fighting men to Patras. Scouts on the water said a fleet was headed that way. Suppose that's you, I reckon." The old man explained and my lips thinned. That was unwelcome news.

"He left you undefended?" I questioned, realizing that I never thought to account for such stupidity. What kind of moron left their home completely undefended to march on an enemy? If they knew about the other half of my army, then they had to know about me. Did they think I would still be tied up in Athens? Even still, the move was foolish. "How many men did he take with him?"

"Some four thousand. Took everyone that could hold a spear. You won't find nothing here but babes and old men like me," the greybeard told me. He was being very helpful. I'm guessing that he was less than happy with the young lords' decision, especially when it left them so exposed to an enemy that arrived at their doorstep.

This changed things. The plan was to take Athens and Sparta, then move onto Patras before they could muster a response. This young lord, in a fit of stupidity, took all his men to relieve a siege before it could even begin based on the timing. It also meant that there was an army of four thousand men bearing down on my thousand men.

"You have my word that you shall not be harmed. The nobles in the villas, however, will be our captives for the Emperor and their estates shall be looted," I told the greybeard and his gaze searched mine for a long minute before he offered a small nod.

"They left two days ago. Lord Gorgo fancies himself the second coming of Alexander but the damned fool took the slow path. He wants to recruit some levies along the way, I reckon. I'd say that gives you a good five days before he reaches Patras," he told me, and that was a relief to hear. "I know of some goat paths that'll make the trip quicker, milord."

I looked beyond the city, toward the direction that the old man had gestured to. I saw nothing but mountains and steep hills. "Authun," I said, calling for my lead scout, who stepped forward. "Travel ahead to warn Olek of the relief force. Take ten men with you and have them scout a place of battle -- I desire a narrow pass to limit the use of their numbers and vantage for the archers."

"I'll leave immediately," Authun said, bowing his head to me before getting ready.

"I'll see to it that you are rewarded for your information-" I began, but the old man waved me off.

"I'll take the reward for the sake of my grandchildren, but I do this for the Emperor. The young folk have forgotten the prosperity that the Romans brought because they never saw it with their own eyes. I did. And I would have my kin under the protection of the Emperor." He declared, and I inclined my head to him, finding myself impressed with his resolve.

All that was left was to see his wishes fulfilled.

…

The villas were taken with relative ease, and the nobles were captured. Much like the old man, they found themselves cursing their lords' shortsightedness as we sent them and the baggage train to Athens. The greybeard's advice was useful, but we could have plotted out where Gorgo was going based on the damage he was doing.

Every single village that his host came across was plundered so thoroughly that it was as if he were an invading army. Only what was taken was fighting men and food. Everything down to the last mouthful of grain was looted, and with winter so close, many villages were reluctant to give up their stores. Which left taking them by force. I became increasingly certain that there was some unknown rivalry taking place, because I found that was the only understandable explanation for the desolate villages we came across.

Because the raiding did get worse when the survivors of the host said that they lived in Patras lands. So, was Gorgo weakening a rival city while he had the opportunity? A play for power? But he could not truly think that the men in his army would fight for him if he ended up taking the city?

The entire thing seemed mad to me, but I was forced to deal with the situation as it developed. And it was a situation -- in the journey, Gorgo' host swelled to six thousand men. Closer to seven. There was a bit of fear at the prospect of fighting such a host, but the fact of the matter was that most of them were armed with pitchforks and scythes. They didn't even possess any gambeson. It was a large host, as large as some of the armies I saw in Francia, but I was feeling confident despite the seemingly stacked odds.

More so when I reached the battlefield the day before the battle. A relatively narrow pass that fifteen men could walk shoulder to shoulder, with a sharp incline on one side and a sharp fall on the other, with a river running through the bottom of it before another shape rose in the terrain. The dirt was rocky and loose in a number of places, which worried me, but I imagine it would worry the Greeks a great deal more.

"I'll position my archers here -- a good vantage point to their side. The river and cliff will protect us from attack, and if they try to overcome them, we'll have plenty of time to escape. They don't have scouts, so Olek's advance has been missed. As has yours," Authun informed me, and it truly was a marvel.

"I feel like I'm missing something," I admitted, looking at where the battle would take place. The plan was simple -- Olek would position himself here and the Greeks would attack. I would attack from behind, with the archers feathering them from the sides. I expected the men to break and they would spill out over the cliff. A bit of a drop, but nothing that couldn't be walked off, and I doubt that they would be so eager to rejoin the battle. And, if they did, Authun would kill them before they could regroup.

"You aren't used to having stupid enemies, Wolf-Kissed," Authun remarked with a shrug. Could that really be it? Would this be my first time facing a shortsighted fool? I almost found him as dangerous as Charlemagne, because I could at least anticipate what he might do. Gorgo… I genuinely had no idea what his general plan was. What his intentions were. How any of this made sense in his head because, undoubtedly, he should have heard that we took Sparta by now. "I caught sight of him. He was leading from the front like a puffed-up chicken with a strut."

I hummed, "I suppose that I will see it myself soon enough." I said, earning a nod before breaking off to leave Authun to prepare for his part in the battle. I couldn't shake off the feeling that I was walking head-first into a trap, even as I made my way back to camp, slipping by the enemy host because it didn't send any scouts ahead or behind.

The next morning, I still felt uneasy about the battle, even as I put on my armor. A gambeson with a long hauberk of riveted chainmail over it. Out of anticipation of a colder winter, around my neck was a wolf pelt that helped to prevent chafing. It was as I got ready for the day that Morrigan ventured into my tent, not bothering to announce herself. I cocked an eyebrow at her as I strapped a belt that held my sword and a handaxe around my waist, leaving me free to pick up a shield and a daneaxe.

"Thoughts?" I asked her, glancing in her direction.

"About the battle? None. Disperse them like the rabble they are. T'is a fine message you shall be sending to the emperor," Morrigan dismissed, approaching me with a sly gait. "A territory conquered, free of charge. I have learned a great deal between all the marching -- the Roman Emperor is not in a good position. The Bulgars to the north have been terrorizing his frontier, and to the east the Abbasids take more and more territory. Worshiping the true gods will put obstacles in our path, true, but reliability matters more in times of crisis."

She came to a stop in front of me, "However, in nature, it is not always the strong that rule. To do too well is to become a target. This victory will shame those that said it could not be done. That it was too costly to take these lands back. You shall find yourself with enemies within Constantinople, and they shall seek your destruction for no reason more than that shame." Was that the trap that I sensed? To suffer from success?

"There's nothing to be done about that," I decided. "We have already committed to our course." Perhaps that was a falsehood. We could leave. We could raid through the area, fill our ships with plunder, then simply sail back home. I didn't want to do that, though. Not when the slightest glimpse of Constantinople had been so… intoxicating. The splendor of the city was glorious and I wished to see all that it offered. I wished to learn what made it so great.

"I agree. Yet, the only hardships you have suffered have been due to daggers in the dark," Morrigan agreed, her golden eyes burning a hole into mine. "I shall learn Greek. And Latin. You will teach me both in secret and I shall be your knife in the dark." She did not make a request but uttered a statement. I looked at her, knowing what she was saying.

"You spoke to my mother," I ventured and Morrigan inclined her head to me.

"She is a most formidable woman. One that knows your strengths well. As well as your weaknesses, of course," Morrigan admitted freely. "People are animals. T'is a harsh truth for most, but we are only three missed meals from descending into beasts. I understand animals. I know how animals think. I know what they desire, what they hate, and how to distract and herd them." My brow furrowed and she offered a sly smile, "You are the greatest example of all, fool." She said with some affection.

That… was a fair point, I had to admit. I genuinely had no argument I could offer there.

It was also a statement, I think. Of her intentions. And I… I should have done this some time ago, I decided. "Give me your hand," I told her, making her brow furrow but she did as bid. Reaching within myself, I pushed the Prestige into her. Morrigan's eyes shot open at the sensation, her lips parting as she gaped up at me.

Blessing bestowed:
Intrigue: Web of Lies

The webs of intrigue are vast and complex, yet it has never been easier to see who is connected to who, and by what.

It was not the blessing that I expected Morrigan to receive, I would admit, but I could not deny that it would serve her well in her chosen task. Thorkell and Mother had given me an idea of how the blessings worked, though this one sounded more complex than I expected. Especially when Morrigan looked down at the space between us, her eyes narrowing at something that wasn't there, before she looked back up at me with a pinched expression.

"You-" she began before the tent flap was pushed to the side, revealing Astrid.

"We're set to moovvveee…" she trailed off, narrowing her eyes at Morrigan and me. Morrigan took a step back and withdrew her hand from my palm, looking at Astrid, then her gaze following something that led to me. What did she see, I wonder? Whatever it was, it got a scowl from Morrigan. "What's going on here?"

"Morrigan wants to learn Greek," I have a half answer, heading to the tent flap. "You and Jill should learn as well. If all goes well, we shall spend some time in this land."

"... Right," Astrid replied, sounding like she didn't entirely buy it before glancing over her shoulder at Morrigan. "Sounds good to me. I tire of not understanding people when they speak. I'll be fighting with you in the vanguard." That got a grunt from me and a nod.

"Siegfried," Morrigan called out before I left my tent. I looked back at her, and her lips thinned as she seemed to swallow what she intended to say. "Don't die," she settled, earning a chuckle.

"I don't intend to." I replied before we set off for the battle. We had seven hundred men -- well, closer to six hundred and fifty on account that archers were already in position. The formation was rather simple when it came to it.

Those confident in their ability to hold the line, like myself, Thorkell, and now Astrid, would be at the front. Our armor would be a great advantage. All we needed to do was to provide a solid wall to send the pedants over the ledge on a panic and they would disperse.

Astrid tossed me a helm as we matched along the path. She had earned her own hauberk of chainmail -- it was all in the same style, though she had the neck of her gambeson lined with white wolf fur and her face obscured by a nasal helm with a mail coif hanging from it. Putting my own helm on, I caught sight of the Greek host and heard the sounds of fighting. "Pick up the pace!" I shouted out, serving as the tip of the spear aimed at their backs.

I heard panicked shouts in Greek as those in the back tried to muster up a defense. It was far too late and they didn't have the discipline. My warriors fell upon their rear in a devastating charge that had the same ripple effect as the Frankish cavalry. Choking up on the haft of my daneaxe, I carved my way through the host. Blood flew free, along with limbs and heads. The shieldwall pushed some over the edge, and like I predicted, they took off running for their lives.

My archers fired in a continuous pace into the sides of the Greek army that was scrambling to muster a response beyond blind panic. I couldn't see them, but I believed Olek was holding strong as well. Meaning that we had to squeeze.

"Ten paces!" I shouted out, taking a large step forward against the people that lashed out with hand scythes and hand axes. Tools rather than weapons. They died easily in the face of our unified shieldwall, but I found that even with just sheer numbers, they had a terrible weight on our formation. Our feet dug in, pushing to take the ten paces and killing a dozen men with each step we took. Those behind us would toss the bodies over to keep them from becoming obstacles.

When the ten paces were taken, we took ten more. Then ten more. And ten more again. With each step, the host became more compact until men were dying on our shields, the men behind them crushing them because the men behind them were trying to break through to escape. Eventually, something had to give, and it wasn't the shield wall.

The Greek host, despite being near three times our number, shattered when the first men started jumping over the ledge for freedom. Like a water skin under too much pressure, they flooded over in a rush, trampling over each other to flee. Even before we secured the baggage train in the center of the host, the battle was won.

"Let them flee!" I called out, slaying only the men that fought back, before repeating the words in Greek. It was a full route after almost three hours of battle, but, in truth, it hardly felt like one. It felt more like a slaughter.

As the host disintegrated, I did have some horsemen on reserve to make sure they scattered back to their homes instead of joining back up. In the end, we took a good number of prisoners. Though, it did seem that some hadn't got the message because I saw sporadic fighting where Olek was. Approaching, my bloodied axe on my shoulder, I saw who it was.

A puffed up chicken indeed. He was a young man, probably only a year older than me, if that. He wore a crown, dressed in fine silks, and waved a sword around with such fervor that he was more likely to cut his own head off than anyone else's. The men were having their fun, poking at him with spears to get a reaction. And a reaction they received! "I am the inheritor of the Spartan Empire! All of Greece shall fall to me! I-" he shouted, only to go silent when I gave him a firm whack to his head with the back of my axe. He went to the ground, clutching his head in pain.

"Chain him. And gag him," I added when Gorgo began screaming once again, redoubling when I ignored him in favor of approaching Olek.

"Well met, Wolf-Kissed," Olek greeted me with a rare smile. I could tell that he was pleased with the victory. "Your orders?"

"Have men return the food to the villages that Gorgo passed in the name of the Emperor. A few hundred men should do the trick. In the meantime, we shall continue on to Patras." I decided. Olek nodded, falling into step.

"I hear you had a man killed for rape," Olek remarked as the plunder was sorted, men were claiming weapons to smelt down into armor. I'm not entirely sure how he heard about that unless one of the scouts mentioned it to him.

I glanced at him, "He disobeyed an order." I told him and Olek's smile simply grew in size.

"Good," he said and that was the closest thing I had ever heard to praise coming from him about anyone. But, if I had to venture a guess, it wasn't the punishment for rape that pleased him so.

As far as I could tell, Olek had one love in this world, and it was discipline.

…

The taking of Patras was uneventful and routine, I found. They had tried to be bold by sending out some of their defenders to attack Olek from the rear, but the battle was over before they managed to reach us. They chose to flee rather than fight, but they brought word of their defeat. The surrender of the city came as soon as we breached the gate. Olek ended up overseeing the discipline of eight Saxon soldiers, but beyond that, the looting was practiced now. The method held and when the final tallies were taken, everyone seemed pleased with what they found.

In the following days, I found that Morrigan was avoiding me. I gave her the space she desired as I awaited a response from Aetios in regards to the pacification of Greece. Once the food was returned, the people were quick to swear allegiance and with the greatest of them taken, the other cities were quick to swear the same oaths. I didn't want to leave the area on account that I suspected they would swallow those words as soon as it was convenient for them, which left me in Athens as I waited.

It was a full week before I heard anything. And that messenger came at the head of a small army -- a garrison, I suspected as I looked out over the wall at their approach. I noticed that they all wore the same lamllar armor. Some of their helmets were decorated with red fur or feathers. All of them possessed a spear that was the exact same length and shape. They walked as one in a column leading up to the gate of Athens.

Climbing down, I got on my horse and had the gates opened to greet them. A messenger rode forward before unfurling a piece of parchment. "On behalf of his imperial majesty, we give thanks to Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed, and acknowledge him and his company as a friend of Rome. He, and his body, are henceforth invited to the greatest city in the world, the glorious Constantinople, where he will receive rewards and honors. So says Logothetes tou dromou Staurakios." The messenger read out and I fought off a smile.

I would finally see Constantinople in all of its glory.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 877 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 6, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Grand Game
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 13, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,293
I had been seeing Constantinople in my dreams, and it made the journey to the city downright antagonizing. We set sail from Athens, our ships nearly sinking from the plunder taken. Across the three attacks, we had gained thousands of gallons of wine and oil. We collected silks, tapestries, pottery, and more. The prisoners were sent with us, and not a single one had stopped begging for mercy for their defeat.

We had been unable to land within the docks but were allowed through the gates. A man I did not know stood there wearing silk, gold, and precious gems. For the briefest of moments, I thought the Emperor stood before us. I only managed to avoid making a fool of myself when I noticed that he didn't wear a crown, nor were there guards beyond a handful to keep the peace. We were a mercenary band, after all. "Greetings, friends of the Empire. Constantinople receives you as does Emperor Constantine the Sixth."

Wait, what? "... Has something befallen Emperor Leo?" I asked, needing to know but uncertain what could come off as rude. Thankfully, the man had expected the question.

"God has called Emperor Leo to heaven but one day past. Rejoice in knowing that the news of your securing Greece in his name was some of the last news he heard, and he praised your name," the man said, and that was a little heartening to hear, but at the same time, I was uncertain if his son would feel such gratitude. I also noticed that he didn't mention what Emperor Leo had died of.

"I am certain that Jesus has accepted his immortal soul into Heaven. And my condolences to Emperor Constantine for the loss of his father," I said, doing my best to sound official, but I could tell that it didn't fit me. The man seemed faintly surprised by the words, and that told me that he had heard that I was a pagan, as his people called me. "Might I know your name, who greets me at the greatest city in the world?" I requested and that earned me a pleased, if smug, smile.

He inclined his head to me, "Forgive me for the delay in the introduction. I am Primicerius Atticus, Lord Seigfried the Wolf-Kissed," he introduced himself, his gaze lingering on the scar on my neck. "In the name of Emperor Constantine, I ask that you turn your prisoners over to the guard captain. They shall be housed in the Noumera prison until Emperor Constantine decides to hear their pleas." He made the request and I nodded.

"They are yours," I agreed, making a gesture, having expected that much, and the nobles were marched forward. Many of them had to be picked up and dragged. I wasn't entirely sure what a prison was, but it seemed like a dreadful place considering how many of them seemed so frightened. Though, that could be due to their sentencing. "They are from Athens, Sparta, and Patras -- the cities themselves were relatively unharmed when we took them," I added, thinking it was worth mentioning, but Atticus seemed to care little.

"It shall relieve the Emperor to hear," Atticus replied, sounding glad to hear it, but his tone didn't seem any more glad than he had sounded before hearing the news. "Please, follow me. Our men shall allow you into the harbor. Quarters have been prepared for you and your men in the mercenary district of the city free of charge. As for yourself, it would be my greatest honor to escort you through the city as Emperor Constantine shall be taking oaths of fealty for some time."

My eagerness must have showed because Atticus smiled lightly when I turned to Thorkell, my Expanded Vision seeing the action. Thorkell just chuckled and waved me off. "I'll take care of things here while you go get a lay of the land. If there are any problems… well, I suppose you'll hear about it." He said, and with that, it was decided. Michalis would remain with my troops, serving as a translator seeing as I was the only one amongst them that spoke Greek. While they would put the ships to the harbor, Astrid, Jill, Hoffer, and Alfric joined me on my venture into the city.

And, as soon as we entered Constantinople in earnest, I wished to weep at the beauty of it. The roads were made of flat and even stone, with a constant flow of people traveling up and down them. They parted for us, thanks to the guards that singled us out, and I saw a number of questioning looks sent our way, but they mostly seemed uninterested in us. The buildings were made of stone with orangish clay roofing, each two floors high and pressed together as part of a single whole.

It felt like I had stepped into an entirely different world. The lands and cities of Francia had been stunning, but they were nothing like this. I saw familiar touches, but they completely paled in comparison to what I witnessed now. And, in turn, it made the clumsy construction of my own people feel like fumbling children. I was so mesmerized by what I was seeing that I nearly missed Atticus speaking. "There will be a number of celebrations to mark the end of Emperor Leo's life and to welcome Emperor Constantine. You are welcome to partake, of course."

Was this the opportunity that the gods presented to me? Had they known that Emperor Leo would die? Oil and wine. I was less sure about the oil, even if you did apparently eat with it, but wine would be necessary in a celebration. On the streets I could see it being consumed, people offering toasts to the late Emperor and welcoming the new one. I couldn't tell if they were genuinely happy or if they were simply glad for a reason to get drunk.

If the celebrations held out like this, then it would be no time at all before the city drank itself dry. Making the wine and oil more valuable. Interesting. The gods were being kind with this opportunity, and I was glad that I had managed to take Greece so quickly to take advantage of it.

"This place… are we still in Midgard?" Hoffer questioned in Norse, gaping at what I could only call a tall spire. It was made of solid stone with an inscription written on it -- I lamented that I couldn't read it as it was in Greek. I only spoke the language, as Michalis had no text for me to learn from. I resolved myself to learn as quickly as possible.

"I don't think so. Their winters are warm, and this place…" Astrid replied and I echoed what she felt. It was almost overwhelming and, soon enough, I realized that we had seen absolutely nothing yet.

The forum of Arcadius -- pillars that turned into arches, each engraved with detailed portraits equal to anything that I had seen in Francia. Surpassing it, honestly. Statues of bronze were burnished, standing proudly at the base of each arch. Astrid shied away from them, frightened by the possibility that they were once people. Atticus, to his credit, was quick to explain their nature, seeming unsurprised by the reaction.

The buildings only grew more grand, each one leaving me feeling smaller and smaller. I almost laughed when we came across a second set of walls within the city itself. All the while, Atticus regaled us with the history and the names of the buildings and the statues and the monuments. It was almost too much to understand. To my shame, most of what he was saying slid off of my back like water off a duck, so foreign that I had nothing to compare it to.

"This is the Imperial University of Constantinople -- ah, forgive me. A university is a great place of learning, where those of noble blood are permitted to learn from masters of knowledge -- poetry, arithmetic, astrology, music, law, philosophy…" He trailed off when my gaze snapped to him from the bronze statue of a man holding a scroll in his hands and uttering whatever it might say.

"A place of learning?" I asked, and he seemed caught flat-footed by my sudden interest. I had no idea what arithmetic, astrology, or philosophy even were. And I wasn't sure how you could study poetry or music. The only one on the list that made sense was law, as law speakers needed to understand the laws before giving a verdict. Still, my interest was great. "Would I be permitted to learn here? To attend this university?" I asked, and I couldn't keep the hunger out of my voice.

I had to learn. This was why I came to this city, and it was greater than anything I could have ever hoped to imagine. I needed to learn how this city was built. Why it was so great. If I could learn a fraction of what these Romans had to teach, then I could very well call myself the greatest king my people would ever know.

Atticus delayed in answering me for a half second, "Anything is possible, Lord Seigfried." He hedged an answer, and it did not satisfy me. I did not care how much it would cost. I needed to learn from this place and these masters. My gaze lingered on the grand building of tall arches liberally decorated with art and engravings. It pained me to leave, knowing the answers I sought were likely beyond those doors. However, any complaints that I had were gone when we arrived at our next destination.

The Hippodrome. A long building that could fit a small forest within its walls that dwarfed even the wall that defended the city. "This is where we hold our games -- chariot races are still popular, but there are on occasion other games held within," Atticus explained, allowing us to walk the length. Rows upon rows of stone seats in a long U shape. At the center of the Hippodrome were monuments in a long row, making a sand track. Colorful banners hung from the walls, and those seats were filled with people.

An army. An army of men, women, and children, all cheering as men stood on wood platforms being pulled by horses. The sound of their cheering matched any warcry I had ever heard.

I truly thought, in that moment, that there could be no building greater. When I saw the Hagia Sophia, I wanted to weep all the more. Tears genuinely burned at my eyes as I beheld the building of a domed rooftop, so grand that two of the Greek buildings could stand on top of each other and still not reach the ceiling. And when I stepped inside… The word beautiful…it existed to describe such things, of that I was certain. For no other word could hope to describe the Hagia Sophia.

And, in truth, I was unsure that even it sufficed.

…

Our quarters weren't particularly lavish in comparison to some of the things we had seen within the city, but in comparison to what we were used to… The quarters felt fit for a king. The bed was too soft for my liking, but based on how Astrid was trying to be swallowed up by the feather bed, it was certainly to hers. Atticus offered a bow to us, "I shall take my leave, Lord Siegfried. If you need anything, you need only send a messenger. When the Emperor calls upon you, I shall retrieve you and bring you to the imperial palace."

"My thanks," I replied, feeling almost numb before the man bowed and walked away. I looked around the stone room -- a hand passing over an engraved desk of dark wood. It was as if the Romans would not rest until everything that they touched became beautiful. The silver candlesticks, the feather bed, and the statement that they could comfortably house two thousand unexpected guests without missing a beat was a powerful one. I couldn't leave more than two hundred men in Norway out of fear of placing too much strain on the food reserves.

"Thank the gods your mother told me to ask you to let me come after sex," Astrid said, making me blink in surprise. So she had tricked me? "This place is incredible. All of it."

It was. "There will be time for bed later. I want to check on the others," I said, stepping out of the room. There was a set of stairs that took us to the ground. Jill and Morrigan had taken the room that was beneath us, and I saw Jill speaking to Michalis, both of their expressions guarded. Thorkell stood behind Jill and cast me a meaningful look when he saw our approach.

"Something that I should know about?" I interjected, looking between them.

"Michalis has a proposition. As you have not received permission from the Emperor, he desires for you to give him your cargo lawfully so he can sell it, and the profits shall be returned to you. With a modest convenience fee, of course," Jill said, her tone… it reminded me of my Mother, oddly enough. The tone that she used when she thought we were acting like fools and no amount of pleading could turn her no into a yes.

"May God welcome Emperor Leo into his arms, but it is a great opportunity," Michalis elaborated, making no arguments as he spoke in Greek. A language he knew Jill didn't speak. "There is no telling how long it shall take for you to receive your permission. I am of Greek descent and I am Catholic -- I also have my trading rights and connections." I blinked and True Vision layered over my sight but I saw that Michalis was still gray.

Even if he wasn't trying to cheat me, my answer was obvious. "No." It wasn't about money. It was useful, sure, but I could always raid to find more money. I needed to sell the goods myself to gain any experience from their sale.

Michalis' lips thinned, telling me that he was displeased by the refusal but he wasn't surprised by it. "Would you consider my request again in a few days? When you see how long it takes for the bureaucracy to move?" He asked, and he sounded certain that my answer would change then. And if I cared about money, it might. I still had a week and a half for the trade opportunity to be considered over, and if the gods foresaw Emperor Leo's death, then I would believe them on the timeframe.

"Perhaps," I allowed, wary of giving him a definitive no. We did still need his connections, after all.

Michalis bowed his head and walked off, heading to the docks that we were a stone's throw away from. So great was this city that it had several docks, some exclusively used for fishing and others exclusively for trade. Jill watched him go with a steely eyed gaze that I wasn't used to seeing on her. "That one will be trouble."

"You don't trust him?" I asked her, and Jill shook her head after a moment of thought.

"I think his loyalty only extends to himself," Jill said before the hard look in her eyes faded. "Now," she began, looping her arm around mine, "I wish to see the markets. Would you come with us, Astrid?" She asked, earning a lopsided grin from Astrid.

"Course! I want to see as much of the city as we can before we end up in the palace," Astrid agreed.

Little did she know, as it would turn out, we would have plenty of time to explore the city before we received a summons from the palace. A full week passed in the blink of an eye, but at the same time, there was silence. Slowly, we watched the price of wine, oil, and other trade goods rise, but we could not sell. I was almost tempted to give into Michalis and his requests that became almost daily after the first two days of waiting. The men settled in, enjoying the festivities. I ended up beginning to teach Jill and Astrid Greek, yet Morrigan still stubbornly avoided me.

We were left lingering on the edges of notice. I almost started to think that we had been forgotten before Atticus appeared on our doorstep with a written summons. I, along with three companions, were invited to attend court to petition Emperor Constantine. I dressed myself in my finest clothing -- the same clothing that I wore for my wedding, even if they were a little tighter than I recalled. Astrid would join me, as she was my wife. Jill decided to stay behind of her own choice, leaving Thorkell, and Olek to accompany me.

The imperial palace was squished between the Hagia Sophia and the Hippodrome -- one would think that being placed between such buildings that any other would seem inadequate in comparison. One would be wrong, because the imperial palace was their equal in every way. It was seated on a sloped hill, seemingly hiding in the shadow of the Hippodrome, until you approached it. The walls were made of marble, the arches were engraved and inlaid with gold and silver. The grounds around it were cultivated with flowers of every color. I swallowed a lump in my throat when we passed through the large double doors.

The decorations on the walls were so lavish and rich that I would be looking at the treasury of a lesser kingdom. Atticus led us through the halls that held a general clamor, other richly dressed men and women paying us little notice. The tapestries on the walls were vivid with detail -- it must have taken years to weave them. Urns and potteries stood on pedestals, along with other artifacts. The most incredible thing of all, however, was the carpet. A finely woven carpet that was placed on the floor to be walked on. The wealth was maddening.

"Please this way- oh," Atticus said, making a gesture with a hand, only to catch the edge of a pot that was marked with jewels and dyes. My heart went into my throat when it tipped over and smashed to the floor. I went deadly still, half prepared to flee to avoid blame for the destruction of such a treasure. "Ah. How regrettable. No matter though -- you, clean this mess up and find another urn to replace it," Atticus instructed and I looked on, bewildered by what I was seeing.

That urn could have purchased an army, I thought. If someone had given me that urn in Norway or Denmark, then I would have taken it as payment for my army. And it was worthless to them. It was trash. It was just another pot. Why-

They did it on purpose, I realized when I caught the servant smiling out of the corner of my expanded vision. Atticus purposely knocked over the pot. Why? What could possess him to do such a thing? What-... The answer was rather obvious when I stopped to think about it.

They were doing it for my exact reaction. They wanted to overwhelm me with the grandeur. And even knowing what they were doing, I couldn't say it wasn't working. It was just insane to me. Pure madness. Even if they could replace it, they still intentionally broke a priceless vase for the sake of making an impression. What were these Romans?!

"You shall be the final petitioner of the evening," Atticus informed me. "This is an honor. The final petitioner is always the one best remembered," he made sure I knew before he pushed open a set of doors. And there…

The throneroom. It was a long hall that I entered at the side of -- I'm guessing the large doors were for more important guests to enter through as they were directly across from the throne. Dark purple banners hung from the ceiling, hooking down to the walls where we stood, before falling down the wall. Mosaics were painted on the walls, but I couldn't decipher their meaning. The air carried the scent of perfumes, and then, seated upon the throne…

Was a little boy. I would put him at nine at the oldest. He seemed younger, I thought, wearing on his head a crown so heavy with gold and jewels that his neck could barely hold it up. His dark eyes were glazed over with boredom, a gold scepter laying in his lap while the throne he sat one was almost grotesque with the number of sapphires, rubies, emeralds, amethyst, and other gems that I couldn't even recognize beyond their value since they were seen fit to be part of the throne. His clothing was made of silk so lavishly embroidered that it made my clothes feel like rags in comparison.

Behind him, standing, was a woman. She was awake and alert, her eyes sharp -- she seemed to be in her mid-twenties if I had to guess. It was a little difficult to tell. She wore a crown made of gold with a white headdress that covered her hair, which seemed to be black. Her clothing was every bit as rich as Emperor Constantine's was, and I was willing to bet that she was his mother. Empress Irene.

Her gaze flickered to me, her expression blank as a hand lightly rested upon the throne that half hid her as she stood behind it. "Now that my son has taken your oaths of fealty, it bares a reminder for the most terrible price of treason," Irene began, her voice carrying easily. "Prisoners taken from Greece who dared to rebel against the crown -- one who was so brazen to attempt to claim the imperial crown itself!" She announced, and the throneroom became filled with whispers…

Yet, I don't think a single person was surprised.

Empress Irene raised a hand and a familiar face was brought out. Gorgo. He looked worse for wear and haggard. More than that -- he had been tortured. His fingernails were missing, and I saw parts of his flesh had blistered from heat. He collapsed before the throne, a grunt escaping him when he hit the floor. "C-Cousin," he managed to rasp out, looking up at Constantine. The young boy looked on dully, barely paying attention. "Cousin, please-"

"The guilty shall not speak," Empress Irene interjected, his tone sharp. "You have been found guilty of the most vile of treasons -- conspiring to claim the throne that belongs to my son. To this charge, you have pleaded guilty, and it is only due to the noble blood that flows through your veins that you shall be spared." Gorgo sagged with relief at that and I saw the barest hints of a smile tug at the edges of Irene's lips. "You are sentenced to disfigurement -- you shall be unmanned and blinded."

Gorgo shot up in alarm, "No! No, no no, no- You can't- You CAN'T-" he was silenced with a strong punch to the jaw before he was dragged out of the throneroom, through the doors. I watched as he passed by me, a pit forming in my stomach when I realized what happened.

Empress Irene just reminded everyone the price of treason… but could it really be called treason if the lands didn't belong to you? When they paid you no tithe or homage? She called it treason because it suited her interest -- it would deter any other from thinking idle thoughts of trying to claim the crown when it was being worn by a boy. I certainly wouldn't if it meant being blinded. Or worse, having my… What a terrible and cruel punishment. It would have been kinder to kill him.

"Now," Empress Irene continued, "let us greet the one that has brought this most terrible traitor to us. He, who has reclaimed the lands of Greece in the name of the Roman Empire. Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed, your Emperor bids you to step forward."

I swallowed the lump in my throat, seeing all the eyes turn to me.

This…

Perhaps it was a mistake to come here after all.

...

I've managed to forget about it for like three weeks in a row, but I wanted to remind everyone of something that I mentioned way back in chapter one of the story in regards to historical events. Basically, I hold the right to slid events up and down the timeline depending on what I think would make for an interesting story. How is that relevant?

The year is currently 784, nearly 785. However, Emperor Leo the 4th died in the year of 780. So, the only change is that the events that followed his death were delayed by four years. It's not a huge change, and I genuinely doubt that most of you noticed, but a few of you did so I figured it was worth clarifying.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 805 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 13, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Major Players
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 20, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,361
It was hardly the first time that I was the center of attention. In the past two years, it was a more common experience than not. I had learned to deal with the attention and the expectations. I became aware of my own influence and the weight of my words. Astrid had pointed it out to me, mincing no words in the process -- in Norway, I had been a giant. I crushed Jarls and made kings. In Francia, I was one of the most important men in the Saxon army, and without me there was no hope of victory.

This felt very different, I thought, marching forward to the Empress and the Emperor. I felt like I was walking on thin ice with certain death underneath me. That I was one misstep away from the ice cracking and falling into the freezing abyss. I felt everyone's gaze on me, and these gazes were not ones of awe. They were of suspicion and doubt. They measured me, trying to determine my worth with a glance to see if I would be of use or a danger. And no gaze weighed more heavily on me than Empress Irene.

I reached the point where Gorgo had been taken before I dropped to a knee in a bow. That seemed to be the correct action because the faintest of smiles tugged at one corner of Empress Irene's lips. "A most glorious hero. Tale has reached us of the great battles to be found in Greece. Those that bore witness claimed that you fought with the ferocity of an angel against the demons of hell itself."

I didn't know what to say. I hadn't expected this, much to my chagrin. I had expected a more private meeting and that the meeting would be with either Ateios or Staurakios. Not with the Emperor and his mother. Not in front of the entire court. I knew that this was an opportunity, but I didn't know how to best take advantage of it. I didn't know where I stood with the people in this city. In Francia, I was a warrior and figurehead. In Norway, I was a powerful Jarl without lands. Here… what was I?

What was I beyond a stranger in a strange land?

"You honor me," I replied, thinking politeness would be best. However, I heard a rippling of mutters behind me. At first, I thought I put my entire foot in my mouth before the whispers reached my ears. They were surprised that I spoke Greek. "I cannot claim to fight with the might of one of God's angels, but we won the day with our skill at arms and stout hearts." I…

I should not mention the gods here, I realized, and fear shot down my spine with the thought. Would the gods think I was ashamed of them? The Allfather, he who gave his eye for knowledge… Thor, who would dress as a woman for the sake of his mother… would they understand? Would the gods understand my position? Was not claiming them to all that would witness not the same thing as denying them?

"You are modest. Your achievements are not inconsiderable," Empress Irene said, and that was something of a hint that my position was a little more secure than I might have expected. It was a reassurance. These people… they were no different than King Widukind, even if they seemed vastly different. They were people. And, if I knew anything, I understood that they would want to use me. They had enemies they wished to point me at to vanquish. That did not make them friends, but it did mean I could guess at their motivations. "To face ten thousand soldiers with a mere two thousand… to take the great cities of Athens, Sparta, and Partas with nary a loss both to your army and to the poor oppressed people…"

She was praising me. Emperor Constantine seemed like he couldn't care less with his eyes glazed over, retreating into his head out of boredom. His mother was speaking for him. She wasn't really speaking to me, I decided. She was speaking to the audience. There were a few mutterings at that, and it didn't seem to be news for the court. They knew, but perhaps they didn't know the details.

"When word of your fleet reached us, there were many that wondered about your intentions…" she trailed off and I suppose that was a prompt. What should I say? Did I offer reassurance? Or would that be taken the wrong way? I…

The truth, then. If I couldn't match their flowered words, then I could be earnest. "My home is a far off land to the North, but even there, we have heard legends of this place. This city. We call it Miklagard -- the greatest city in the world. But the legends are so grand that few believe them, and those that do are regarded as fools." I began, and that seemed to mostly be the correct thing to say. People liked being praised.

"Yet you sailed here. Would that make you a fool?" The remark was light, but I heard the jest made at my expense.

"If this city were not here? I would be indeed. Yet, here you are," I continued, ignoring the slight. I didn't care, I found. I didn't care if they insulted me or besmirched my honor. I wanted to learn how this city could be so great. Why they had these things -- things my imagination would have been incapable of conjuring. "My men are warriors. I am as well. However, we did not sail from our homes to unknown shores and cities of myth to make war. We are here for trade."

It was a minor thing. I wouldn't have noticed it were it not for Tell Spotter, but Empress Irene seemed to fight off a frown. Likewise, Staurakios, who stood off to the side, seemed to fight off a smile. I feel like I just did something in that split second, but I had absolutely no idea what it could possibly be? My reasons were not a secret. They should be known already. Did someone not tell the Empress?

"Your words lighten our hearts," Empress Irene said, recovering quickly. "We have heard your request to receive permission to trade in our Empire. It shall be granted," Empress Irene decided. "But it would shame us to offer such a… meager reward for such services."

I saw it. My opportunity. "I have no desire to shame you or give any doubt to the generosity of the Romans. If I must ask for anything… then what I desire most is the Imperial University. I ask for your permission to attend this place of learning," I requested and I saw it again. Empress Irene seemed faintly surprised to hear my request. Almost as if she expected something different? Or she thought I was hiding something?

Something was going on around me. I could see the ripples of it, but not the stone that was cast.

"An unusual request," Empress Irene allowed herself. "But one we shall be glad to grant." I didn't manage to stop the breath of relief that managed to escape me. "In his imperial name, I grant you, Siegfried, access to our markets and the Imperial University." The proclamation had a rippling effect. However, the whispers in Greek and Latin weren't about me. They were about Empress Irene. They were kept low, and even with my sharp hearing I couldn't make out what was said exactly. What I did sense was an undercurrent of displeasure. At me?

"You warriors shall be housed in the mercenary district and your ships will be allowed to dock in our noble city's ports," Empress Irene continued. That, I think, was what she was prepared to give before.

It was then that I heard a rustling of armor and I glanced to the side to see that an older man stepped forward. His black hair had hints of gray to it, his skin was bronzed and weathered, but he seemed strong. "I beg your imperial majesty's forgiveness for this most rude interruption," the older man began, looking at Emperor Constantine, who seemed to snap out of his daze when he realized he was being addressed. A brief moment of panic crossed his young features, telling me that he genuinely hadn't been paying any attention. "However, I must protest this decision made in your name."

There was a brief pause and I saw Empress Irene's expression tightening, anger lurking in her dark eyes. Emperor Constantine sat a little straighter, trying to appear as if he had been listening. "I would have your reasoning, Strategos Michael Lachanodrakon." I might have thought that the words came from the young emperor, but he said them like he was reciting them.

"This man is a pagan," Michael declared loudly and for all to hear. Every muscle in my body went tense as he looked at me with contempt. "He and his ilk should be put to death, not granted rights to our ordained city by God." He hated me. I heard it in his voice. I saw it in his eyes. He knelt a dozen feet to the side of me, and I could tell that he wanted nothing more than to cross the distance to strike me dead.

Emperor Constantine began to speak but cut himself off when his mother rested a hand on his shoulder. His lips pressed together but he swallowed whatever it was he was about to say. "Is this true? Have you denied God's Grace?"

I should lie. I knew I should lie. Telling the truth, now, could very well cost me everything. At best, it could mean a wasted trip. It could mean the seizure of my ships and goods. I was confident that I could survive if they turned against me, but the others were less certain. I knew that. I did. It was the height of foolishness…

"I do not worship your God," I confessed. I… could not deny them. I would not be ashamed of my faith in the Aesir. Even if it cost me everything, I would simply begin again. I would raid the empire, plus during its wealth to rebuild my army. I would swear to their enemies, if I had to. I would sack this city and instead of treasures, I would take every man and woman of learning and force them to tell me their secrets. I didn't want it to come to that, but I would do it if I had to.

Everything that I am is due to their favor. To deny the gods was to deny myself.

"He confesses," Michael spat at me.

"There is nothing to confess. You say this as if it were a secret," I retorted, finding that I did not like this man. "It was for this reason that I sailed for Greece and crushed this would-be Emperor. I was told it was necessary for me to gain the right to trade in this city." His eyes narrowed. Did he not know?

"You speak lies," Michael accused, and now I started to bristle. I wanted to endure the words for the sake of learning here, but I found it harder to do in practice. "You raided Greece for the sake of plunder. What kind of fool would believe you would conquer such a place for a mere merchant's pass?"

To that, I scoffed. "I understand that retaking Greece might be seen as a challenge for one such as yourself, but it was not for me," I said, the words slipping past my lips almost of their own free will. His nostrils flared as his lips started to pull back in a snarl. I was not impressed. "I do not know your ways. I do not know the value you place on such rights and honors. Why would I begrudge such a small errand if it meant being allowed into the greatest city in the world?"

I could tell that I angered him.

"What has been offered shall be given," Empress Irene interjected, her voice firm and her eyes sharp as she regarded the both of us. She did not seem happy. I don't think she knew of the arrangement. It would explain why I accidently caught her flat footed… likewise, it also meant that she couldn't retract what was offered. If she did, then it would be an admission that she didn't know. I had to assume that. I couldn't make the assumption that she was on my side. "A contract shall be drafted. Will you fight in the name of Emperor Constantine, my son?"

I nodded, "I shall. I will not ask for payment," I said, wanting to cut off any complaints that anyone could have. "For we shall take our wealth from your enemies. All that we require is lodgings."

A good deal. Especially considering that my last contract as a mercenary cost sixty ships, fifty of them heavy with cargo, and seven hundred warriors.

"Granted," Empress Irene uttered. "So long as you fight the enemies of Rome, you shall find safe harbor in Constantinople." She said, making a gesture and I took that as a sign of dismissal. I bowed my head to her before riding to my feet. Michael was still glowering at me, telling me that this was far from over.

It was as I was leaving with my companions that I heard Empress Irene speak again. "Take heart, Strategos Michael. Even heathens can do the work of God if pointed in the right direction."

The words were spoken in Latin…

And I felt it deep in my bones that this place was as dangerous as any battlefield.

…

"I heard your meeting with the Emperor went well," Michalis spoke as I sat with those closest to me and my commanders. We had been moved to better quarters, though we were still a stone's throw away from where we had been. A number of mercenaries had been moved out of a handful of buildings before they were given to us. The room that we sat in had a long stone table that looked like it had seen some heavy use. The mercenaries took any decorations that might have furnished the room when they left, but that meant little.

'Well' would not be the word that I would use to describe the meeting. I managed to get what I desired from it, and more, true, but I couldn't help but feel like it had cost me something. The ground felt uneven under my feet. I had to tread carefully.

"Well enough," I replied, looking at the man who stood across from me. Michalis dressed well, much better than the traveling clothes that he had worn since I had met him. He wore robes made of finely stitched cloth that were embroidered with gold thread. "I have the right to trade in the city. Do they speak Norse?" I asked and his lips pressed into a thin line.

"They don't," he answered, his gaze sweeping across the room at the others. Thorkell and Olek stood to my right and left behind me, Astrid and Jill sat adjacent to me while the others sat along the table. I had even managed to wrangle Morrigan to be in the same room as me. "The majority of them speak Latin, which I can translate into Greek. If that would be permissible?"

Latin was amongst the first languages that I had learned, but until now, I rarely saw any use for it. I rarely spoke it. That seemed to rapidly be changing in this city with these people. Knowing a language that no one else knew that I spoke had come in handy once. And I think this was a secret best kept close to my chest.

"It will be," I consented with a nod. Michalis seemed quietly relieved before I gestured for the doors to be opened. Behind them there were four men. All of them Greek and finely dressed. Three of them were older but one was younger than even Michalis. They wore heavy rings that held precious stones in them, all of them quickly glancing around the room before settling on me.

"He's a boy," one of the merchants spoke in Latin. "Are you sure we aren't dealing with the big one?"

"Introducing Chares, the most renowned textile merchant in all of Rome," Michalis introduced the man that spoke in Greek. "Diodotus and Erastos, both of whom sell a great many things but focus their efforts on wine and produce. Lastly, introducing Hyginus -- a dear friend and renowned merchant in all things to be considered finery." He continued, introducing the younger one, whose gaze never left mine.

He could understand Greek. I was sure of it. The other three only seemed to recognize their names, and bowed politely. I'm not sure what good the information would do for me, but it was useful nonetheless.

"I am Siegfried Erikson, but most call me the Wolf-kissed," I introduced myself, as introductions were going around. Michalis introduced everyone, but I didn't fail to notice how Chares' eyes flickered between Astrid, Jill, and Morrigan. "Please be seated and be welcomed."

"All three are his women? I like the golden eyed one. She would fetch quite a price to the right buyer -- a true exotic barbarian," Chares remarked idly, a friendly smile on his face as he regarded me. It was a struggle to pretend that I didn't understand the remark, but I think I managed it based on how his expression didn't change. His tongue was loose when he thought I couldn't understand him. Instead, I looked to Michalis.

He offered a polite smile, "My associate is quite eager to begin business. I have already informed them of your cargo, but to review -- one thousand and five hundred gallons of wine, eight hundred gallons of oil. Five hundred and eighty three pounds of grain. One thousand textiles. Two hundred and thirty pounds of various pigments -- primarily, red and green. And additional three hundred pounds of assorted fabrics -- primarily wool. Four hundred pieces of amber. Fifty eight pounds of precious gems. One hundred unicorn horns. Five hundred pounds of assorted tools. One hundred pounds of incense. Six hundred finely made candles. And an additional two thousand pounds of various things of interest."

What he listed were merely the things of interest to the merchants before me. There was more in the cargo of my ships.

It was Hyginus, Michalis' friend, who spoke first. "I would like to purchase these Narwhal horns. They are worth their weight in gold here. Ten of them for their weight in silver." I see. It was going to be like that, then?

Michalis relayed the offer in Greek and I forced myself to smile. "In precious gems," I retorted, and Michalis seemed to fight off a wince. When he relayed my order, Chares laughed.

"How impolite, this barbarian. He does not even give you the courtesy of spitting on you before he tries to fuck you," he remarked in Latin.

"The price that he asks for is obscene," Hyginus complained, frowning at Michalis.

"My dear friend says that you ask for too much. He offers their weight in silver and one half," Michalis offered in Greek.

"A tough bargain he makes. I'll take their worth in gold," I replied, my tone curt as I leveled a sharp look at Michalis. "Such a fine deal, is it not?" Perhaps that had been too much, I realized in hindsight, because Michalis gave me an odd look that told me he was questioning how much I knew. "I was not idle this past week. I know the value of my cargo. I will not begrudge you or your contacts from making a profit themselves, but I will begrudge you if you try to blatantly cheat me because you believe me to be ignorant."

Michalis was silent for a moment and Hyginus, despite his attempt, could not hide his scowl. Michalis relayed what I said to Hyginus in Latin, but I noticed that he did not mention my warning. Hyginus would have heard it but Michalis did not seem to want the others to? As they talked amongst themselves, hashing out a better offer, I saw Morrigan move from the corner she lurked in.

"Michalis and that one are connected beyond convenience," Morrigan informed me in a low whisper, speaking in Germanic. A language that Michalis did not know. "They conspire together and against each other. The other three are tools to them, but to the loud one, he sees them as tools." The loud one was Chares. He was the most important one here, I was starting to see as the others deferred to him.

Knowing that there was a conspiracy was helpful, but I would have preferred to know what that conspiracy was. But what was clear was why Michalis didn't relay my warning to them. I just wasn't sure what he had to gain from it.

"I shall take five unicorn horns for two thirds their weight in gold," Hyginus decided, speaking in Latin and Michalis relayed the order in Greek.

An absurd sum of money already. Each horn weighed about twenty-five pounds.

"I shall purchase the remaining fifteen for the same price," Chares decided, almost dismissive of the purchase. I could tell that was an unwelcome move from him to Michalis. I'm not certain why, however. I didn't truly care, though -- with just the Narwhal horns, I had gained three hundred pounds of gold.

"The wine and oil. I shall take… one hundred gallons of both," Hyginus decided.

"Hm. Looking at how he is dressed… the textiles of his people are worthless. I wouldn't wipe my ass with that tunic," Chares remarked and I clenched my jaw. I couldn't help it. My mother had stitched this tunic and I was disused to being insulted so brazenly. That, I saw, was a mistake because Michalis' eyes narrowed into slits. "Wine and oil are expensive. A gallon of good wine is six times the price as it would normally be. I will offer twice the asking price for… six hundred gallons of wine."

Michalis knew. I could see it in his eyes. I did not care for being reliant on him, but I found myself disliking Chares a great deal more. "He will pay five times the price for the insults. He," I inclined my head to Hyginus and speaking in Greek, "will pay what the wine and oils are worth if you aid me in squeezing every drop of wealth from him. When he speaks of getting fucked, I want him to think of me until his dying day." I was tipping my hand and I saw that Michalis had many questions, but he simply smiled.

"It would be my utmost pleasure, Lord Siegfried," Michalis agreed, inclining his head to me before he made an outrageous offer to Chares, who about went red in the face. We went back and forth and I could see the divide between them starting to grow more defined. Michalis and Hyginus were deferential, casting the blame on me while pretending to be on his side. The price kept going down and down with each round, but in the end, I got what I wanted.

Chares paid five and a half times the value for the fine wine and six times the value for the cheaper wine. In all, he purchased a thousand gallons, and while he would be making a profit, enough to make the deal, it was a shadow of the profit that he thought he would receive. Fine wine, from my understanding, went for around twenty-five silver coins. A truly incredible amount as it was. Five and a half times that? A gallon of fine wine was worth a hundred and thirty silver coins. For a single gallon. Two hundred of the thousand gallons of wine he purchased was fine wine.

The other eight hundred gallons were worth as little as a single silver coin, and in the current market, it was selling for as much as six or seven. That sale ended up being worth nearly five thousand silver coins. Altogether, that was more than thirty thousand silver coins. For the wine. Of which, I got most of it practically for free. Some of the profits would need to go to the men to pay them their share of the loot, but it was still an insane profit on my part. I once spent the better part of a day haggling for two or three coins for chainmail.

"This man is a crook," Chares grumbled, shooting a dirty look at Michalis. It seemed that he had been expecting to rob me blind by putting on a show of giving me a good deal as he practically tried to steal right out of my pockets. "I would tread carefully around this one. You might want to buy back that noble name of yours, but if you associate with this sort… A crook, a pagan, and a barbarian…" there was a threat in his words as he spoke them and Michalis' wince wasn't faked.

His eyes shot to me, and that confirmed it.

Buy back a noble name? I don't think you could do that where I was from, but perhaps it was possible in this land. It explained some things about Michalis too -- his education, how he spoke and acted. He was a noble that lost his lands. And his name, even. Disgraced nobility? It also explained why he was willing to travel all the way up to my homeland to make a profit.

The little that I had seen of this land told me it was rich beyond compare. He would only take such risks if he was desperate.

And, based on how he fought off a frown, he didn't want me to know that.

My first steps in this world were shaky and uncertain… but with every step that I took, my footing got surer. My confidence started to return as I rested my hands on the table in front of me. "What of the oil?" I prompted, looking at Michalis, telling him with my gaze that the remark hadn't gone unnoticed.

We were less than allies, but we were not enemies. Time would tell how he would seek to use me… but I did know what I wanted to use him for. Right now? Squeezing silver and gold out of these men who would dare insult my mother and kin. As for the future…

We would see. One way or the other.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 909 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 20, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks A Student
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,410
"You're nobility," I remarked, sitting across from Michalis, who seemed properly chagrined at the words. Next to him sat Hyginus, who leveled an even gaze at me. The negotiations for the goods were concluded and the silver had changed hands. The negotiations had gone on long into the afternoon, and even though I had profited greatly from the exchange, I couldn't help but feel exhausted with the talks. Weathering insults in Latin, while haggling prices because Chares was unprepared to pay so much in pure silver, so he had to negotiate paying in other goods.

In truth, I wanted nothing more than to go to bed and sleep the day away. Battles of words were every bit as exhausting as battles on the field, and I found that I was far more suited to the latter. I held off, because this needed to be addressed. This was either an opportunity… or it was a danger.

Michalis inclined his head to me, "Landless nobility. The only thing I possess is my family name," Michalis began and I fought off a frown. That did explain his education. However, it brought its own set of problems -- landless nobility, at least in my home, were often that way because their lands were taken by another Jarl or Thegn. So, they traveled to allies in the hopes of safe harbor, or perhaps even an army to regain what they lost. And, based on how bitter Michalis's expression was, that held true in this foreign land. "It is a recent… setback. A mistake of my father's."

I said nothing, merely gesturing for him to continue. He hesitated before nodding, "Our lands were modest, but we were influential within Constantinople. We were richer than most, thanks to our trade routes by the Black Sea, though before I, none dared to venture all the way to your homeland. That made many look down upon us, which worsened their resentment of our prosperity and influence. We had many enemies… and they found a weakness in my father which destroyed us."

It felt like a familiar tale, I thought, still saying nothing. I would reserve my words and judgment until I had heard all that he had to say.

"I spoke to you of the icon issue back in Athens, but I don't believe I stressed the severity of the conflict enough. The iconoclasts swept through the empire with the mandate of destroying every single religious icon, seeing their existence as heresy. It started only around fifty years ago, on the orders of Emperor Leo the Third, and since then it has been a decisive issue. Leo the Isaurian was a fierce iconoclast who wielded his considerable power to destroy as many icons as he could. The emperors that have followed have been less fierce, but they maintain the edict, preventing their creation, possession, and worship." He elaborated, and that seemed like such a foolish thing to be angry about or forbid.

Then I thought of the Parthenon. The great temples and churches that I saw. I could understand it a little better but in the end, it still seemed foolish. One could not dictate how another communed with the gods, or God. There were wise women, or priests, you could go to for advice as they were intensely spiritual and possessed the closest relationship with the gods, but in the end… one's relationship with the gods was personal. No king or emperor possessed the right to dictate how someone else could pray and worship.

"My father was an iconophile. There are many that still are within the empire. I would go as far as to say that most are, and it's only a handful of powerful hardline extremists that truly adhere to the doctrine. It's simply kept quiet or done in the privacy of your own home. My father was revealed to our liege lord in an effort to destroy us. It is someone I believe you have already met -- Strategos Michael Lachanodrakon." I knew exactly who he spoke of. The one that had revealed that I was a pagan in front of the Emperor's court to shame and discredit me. It was an obvious attempt to show that we had common enemies, but it also wasn't a poor one.

"He is one of the few hardliners. It happened when I was but a child, but Lachanodrakon, upon hearing that my father possessed icons… he swept across our lands like a scourge. He executed my father and mother for heresy, leaving me, a three year old, in charge of the estate. Before my parents were cold, the vultures sweeped in and took everything from my family. I would have likely been killed if not for Hyginus's father," Michalis said, placing a hand on Hyginus's shoulder. "His family worked with mine for generations, and he granted me safe harbor after my estate was stolen from me. We might not share blood, but Hyginus is a brother to me and his sister shall be my bride."

He was right about one thing -- I did severely underestimate the severity of the issue. It wasn't uncommon for Jarls to war against each other. What was uncommon was for a Jarl to attack their own Thegn for something as minor as possessing an icon. My own armband could be considered an icon, and gift from Horrik or not, I would sooner part with my arm than it.

"Is that how you became a merchant?" I asked, saying nothing of the story he just told me. It rang true to me and to Tell Spotter, but it also struck me as too clean cut. His family were clearly victims of manipulative nobility. It echoed my own story too well, and Michalis had sailed with us for some time. He would have heard my story by now. It could be happenstance, or it could be a deliberate twist of the truth so that I would empathize with him.

Michalis's expression tightened, "It is. For the past ten years, I have been gathering money to purchase lands. It will be a small estate, but there is a great difference between being landed and unlanded. I likely have enough to purchase some now, but there are a great many other expenses -- bribes, slaves, and gifts to potential allies." At that, his gaze became piercing and I could see how he wished to use me. As a way to make money. As an attack dog to be used against his enemies. Perhaps even as a tool for vengeance against those that wronged his family.

However, I doubted that I should get involved at all. Michalis was of limited influence, and if he possessed enemies within the nobility, then by helping him, they would become my enemies. The best thing I could do was avoid politics entirely. I would go to this university, I would trade, and I would war against the enemies of the Romans. I would spend a number of years here, perhaps five at the most, as I will have become a man grown in appearance.

Simply put, helping Michalis brought me more problems than benefits. Even if I had to be involved in politics, it made far more sense to ally myself with established powers rather than lifting someone up from ruin.

I think Michalis saw that I wasn't swayed by his story even if I did empathize. Things were different here. In Norway and in Denmark, I was a giant. I was a force that others had to abide and step out of the way of, lest they be crushed. Here, I was a stranger with no influence. Worse, I already had enemies due to my beliefs. I couldn't afford to act on every sad story.

"My family still has many friends, and they would back my return. So long as they see it isn't a lost cause to do so," he at least admitted that much. "You are a stranger to this land. I say that we help each other. Aid me in restoring my family name and lands, I will see to it that you are richly rewarded. You will find yourself with friends in this strange land." He was also smart enough to zero in on the one good side of the argument.

If I had enemies, then I needed friends to balance the scales. Otherwise, my enemies could meddle with me with near impunity.

Still… I wasn't convinced, "You have given me much to think about, Michalis. I ask that you give me some time to discuss it with my fellows before giving you an answer." I could tell that wasn't the answer he wanted, but it did seem to be the one that he expected.

He stood and offered a small bow of his head, accepting the dismissal for what it was. Hyginus seemed less than pleased, but he said nothing. If I had to guess, I don't think he was fond of me. "Please, take all of the time you need. I myself will be quite busy making deals for all this wine you've generously sold us." With that as his parting words, he was escorted out of the room and no sooner than they were gone, Astrid let out an explosive sigh.

"Finally," she groused, sending me a dirty look. "Do you have any idea how boring it is to sit still for hours listening to a language you don't know?" Astrid questioned, telling me I was going to pay for this later in so many words. "Did the deal at least go well?"

"Sorry," I offered to everyone in the room, speaking in Norse so everyone could understand. "I wanted to put up a united front. A show of force, " I offered, leaning into my seat and rubbing my eyes. "The good news is that we made a great deal of money."

"Hear, hear!" Thorkell cheered, thumping a hand on the table. That was the truth. We did make a considerable amount of money. Enough to pay, feed, and house my men for the next six months. Which was considerable seeing as they were a force of two thousand men. It was a great lump sum of money, but I could also use it in other ways.

Bribes and gifts, Michalis said?

"And the bad news?" Jill prompted, looking at me. Whereas Astrid was slumped over the table, scarfing down some bread, Jill sat tall. If I had to put a word to it, she seemed… dignified.

I echoed everything that Michalis said, and saw a few expressions of surprise when I mentioned that he was nobility, but everyone was considering the offer.

"As a mercenary, the first rule is to never accept payment in the form of promises," Thorkell was swift to give his opinion. "They're too easily forgotten the moment the battle is won. And what he's asking is one long, uphill battle. Especially since it's generally a bad idea to fight the thegns of the king that pays you." A fine point.

"Seems like it's more trouble than it's worth," Astrid dismissed with a small shrug. "He's a decent guy, and all, but restoring his family? That's going to be a mess. Might as well stick your dick in an anthill. Probably be less painful," she added, her lips curling into a smile when she saw the reaction her words got from every man. Horrible mental image aside, I didn't disagree with her on that.

Jill, to my surprise, felt differently, "I believe we can use him." She voiced, bringing everyone's attention to her. She didn't exactly seem comfortable with it, but whereas before Jill would have wilted, now she sat tall. "We can't assume that we will be able to avoid politics. A Jarldom is never more unsteady than during a succession, and there is a boy on the throne. The Roman Empire will be unstable and, as we prove our worth as mercenaries, we will have the undue attention of nobles that will want to use that instability to their advantage."

I saw Hoffer shift in his seat as he crossed his arms. He swallowed a remark, but I could tell that he was displeased. Not with what Jill was saying, but Jill herself. I think Jill noticed as well based on how her eyes flickered in his direction and she paused for a moment before looking back at me. "We can use him. He needs us far more than we need him. He knows the customs and the history of this land, which will serve us well. It's not in our interest to force his way into the nobility, but it is in our interest to have him help us. Something we can achieve by offering less than what he wants but is still what he needs."

That was a fine point as well. "He works with us, and we give him opportunities to advance himself," I ventured and Jill offered an eager nod. Such as orchestrating the downfall of Chares. That man had insulted me, my kin, my wife, and my people. Such insults would be repaid in full. "It's a good compromise," I decided, and Hoffer fought off a scowl while Astrid nodded along, seeing the logic.

I turned to the others, seeking their council. Olek simply shrugged, "I don't know a damn thing about politics and I want to keep it that way." Fair enough.

Alfric spoke up, "What Lady Jill offers is the best solution. We stand to gain with little risk to ourselves for things we were already going to do anyway."

Hoffer, however, disagreed. "He's a rat in a storm. He'll jump ship or betray us the moment that he feels like it's to his benefit." On that point, I didn't disagree either. Michalis was opportunistic. He saw an opportunity with us, so he jumped on it. If he saw an opportunity to betray us in exchange for his lands and noble titles? I had little doubt he would jump on that opportunity as well.

I offered a small nod, accepting that point. Lastly, I turned to Morrigan, to find her avoiding my gaze. A sigh escaped her, "T'is a simple matter of reasoning then. We can use him, we know he will betray us, then is it not better to have a rat you know of rather than one you don't?" With that, she crossed her arms, and leaned against the corner of the room, deliberately avoiding the looks everyone cast her way.

I drummed my fingers on the table, feeling the weight of responsibility. It was a risk. A big one. One that could have far reaching consequences. Despite all the points in favor, I was inclined to wash my hands if the matter. It simply felt like an unnecessary risk.

Quest:
Objective: Restore Michalis's family lands, titles, and fortunes.
Bonus Objective: Destroy those that brought his family low.
Reward: 250 Prestige, 1 Diplomacy perk.
Bonus reward: 1 Boon Perk.

Just as I was about to speak, the gods made their opinion known. I still didn't think it was the wisest course of action, but I couldn't dismiss the will of the gods so easily. Michalis was far luckier than he realized, I thought.

"We will go with Jill's suggestion," I decided, making Jill sit taller. Out of the corners of my expanded vision, I saw a few frowns and a few pleased expressions, and a few indifferent ones. A mixed bag in total. "But first, we let him stew for a time while we settle in. We reach out to find other contacts, so we won't be reliant on him."

With the decision made, the others were quick to get up, glad to stretch their legs. None left the room quicker than Morrigan, though. I sighed as I watched her all but flee from the room, and I felt even more tired. Jill reached out and placed a hand on mine, making me look at her. "You should talk to her," Jill advised.

"I don't think she'd listen to anything I have to say," I replied. Was it a mistake to give a Morrigan a Blessing? It hadn't felt like it at the time. Morrigan was the one I've known the longest. Oddly enough, she was the one I trusted the most. But, since she received the blessing, Morrigan had avoided me like I had a pox. If I tried to force the issue, I had little doubt that she'd start fighting like a cornered rat. "I don't even know what's wrong. I just know if she doesn't want to tell me, then she won't."

Jill seemed to mull that over before nodding in acceptance, "I think you're right," she admitted. "I could try talking to her?" She offered and I looked at Jill.

She had changed. She was a far cry from the girl that ran away after giving me a shield. I wasn't exactly sure when the change took place, but Jill almost seemed like a different person now. "You did well today," I told her, catching her off guard. I fought off a smile when her cheeks flushed -- perhaps not entirely a different person.

"I'm not a fighter like Astrid. And I can't commune with the gods like Morrigan. I can help with this," she said, gesturing at the table. "Your mother helped me realize that. She is… a very strong woman."

She was. I gave Jill an even look for a long moment before I made a snap decision. "Hold still," I told her, making Jill's brow furrow before I began to flow Prestige into her. Her breathing hitched and she almost pulled her hand from mine, but stopped herself.

Blessing Granted: Diplomacy
Neutral Ground: Levels out extreme emotions during a negotiation. Rage becomes anger. Hopelessness becomes sorrow. Despair becomes regret. Thus making negotiations far more calm.

That was an interesting one, I thought. With both Mother and Morrigan, I had let them see things as part of Intrigue. Jill, however, had a degree of control over other people. It seemed rather useful too, considering how she was determined to carry her weight in her own way.

"What was that?" Jill blurted, rubbing her hand when I let go of it, her expression puzzled.

"It's… hard to explain, but I suppose you could say it's why Morrigan isn't speaking to me," I told her. I could feel the effects of the blessing. Was that because we weren't negotiating or discussing something important? Or did it only activate when emotions started to become more intense? "I think it would probably be best for you to get the whole story from her first." I figured it would help the discussion along.

For a long moment, Jill rubbed her hand and looked at me, saying nothing at all. Slowly, she nodded, and got up. "I'll go do that now," she decided, heading to the door. However, she lingered at the exit, stealing one final glance over her shoulder at me, her expression impossible to read, before she vanished down the hallway. When she was gone, I blew out a sigh, silently hoping that I hadn't made a mistake there.

Now that I was alone in the room, I could turn my attention to the messages that I received at the end of the negotiations.

Hidden Gems: Value is determined by popular belief. Thus, there are many things that are deemed worthless simply because their true value isn't recognized.

These things will be marked for the user, who may or may not be able to realize their true worth.

Grading: Quality can radically change the value of an item. Upon inspection of an item, it will be graded F, E, D, C, B, A, or S -- with F Grade representing quality that is so poor that the only worth of an object marked as such comes from the materials it's made of. S Grade is supreme quality, and the pinnacle that can be achieved with the means used to create it.

They were my first Stewardship perks in a long while. Too long, really. There was a point where Stewardship had been neck and neck with Learning and Martial, but in the past few years, it had fallen to the wayside. Partly that was due to a lack of trading, but I also noticed it was becoming increasingly difficult to improve. I had half expected to see more perks offered, simply because it was such a huge deal that I made such a large amount of money from.

Both options had their own appeal. Hidden Gems appealed to me by virtue of the fact that it would alert me to valuable things to buy for cheap that I could then sell on for their true value. But, that was completely dependent on me finding a way to make whatever I found valuable. Which could be locked behind my Learning Stat, and there was no promising that I would eventually find a way to use whatever I found. In short, it was a risk.

Grading, on the other hand, struck me as far more situational. If someone tried to sell me something that was cheap with a lie that it was valuable, it seemed far more probable than me stumbling across something that was valuable that was being sold for cheap. At least, that's how it seemed initially. The word item was key there. It could grade something like iron, marking the difference between good steel and poor steel. And it would be useful in grading my own work.

Both were useful in their own way, but I simply found myself leaning more towards Grading. Simply because I would see more use out of it than Hidden Gems. Making my selection, I picked up a cutting knife and inspected it.

Knife - Grade D

Inspecting a handful of other things helped me establish a baseline. Grade D, as far as I could see, was standard quality. Not good, but not bad. Everything below D was considered poor, while everything above had grading levels of good. It was simple to see and understand and I could see it working well with another Perk -- Assess Value, which told me if a price was good or poor for a region.

Standing up, I was the very last to leave the room and despite the fact that I already felt exhausted, the day was not yet over. And what I was looking forward to gave me enough excitement to power through my mental fatigue as I went to get dressed in some fine clothing.

Today was the day I entered the university. I shrugged on my clothing, put my hair in a single braid, and left our quarter building. There were a few mutterings about giving me a guard, but the collective decision was that it was kind of pointless. While I was going to the university, Jill, Astrid, and most likely Morrigan would be learning Greek and Latin. It might take some time for them to get used to it, but I figured they would be quick learners.

When I left our area, I felt eyes on me as I walked down the streets with enthusiasm. They could be spies, but it seemed just as likely they were looking at me bask in the sights. I took a long way towards the university, wishing to see as much of Constantinople as I could. I had potentially years to see it all, but it couldn't happen soon enough. How could such a city function with so many people? It felt like I could shove everyone I had ever seen inside of the city and the jump in population wouldn't even be noticed.

Before long, I saw the same statue that drew my attention to the university before. That of a wizened old man reading from a scroll, and beneath him was another wizened old man made of flesh that seemed to be waiting for me. He nearly shooed me off until his gaze landed on my neck, his wrinkled face of bronzed skin furrowing as he considered me. He was a weedy man with a long gray beard, thin arms, and hands that were stained with ink. I wasn't sure what to make of him and I got the impression the feeling was mutual.

"You are Lord Siegfried? May… I ask where your retinue is?" He questioned me, his brow furrowing the longer he looked at me, his gaze lingering on the axe at my belt.

"I don't need guards," I answered simply, feeling a hum of anticipation.

The Greybeard hummed for a moment, considering that, "Very well. I am Alexios. A teacher of history at this university. I understand your admission is… unusual. There are a number of questions that will need to be addressed, but the most important of all, young man… is what do you wish to learn from the University of Constantinople?" Alexios asked me, stroking his beard as I considered the building before me. I could only imagine what it contained.

I considered the question and gave my answer. "Everything. I wish to learn all that you have to teach," I replied earnestly and that earned a bark of laughter from Alexios, and he flashed a smile in my direction. I noticed he was missing some teeth. Not from rot, but the ones that were usually lost when they were punched out.

"I've been here for more than thirty years, and I don't think I've learned half of it. So, I suppose we best get started then," Alexios remarked, gesturing for me to follow and the large double doors open to allow me entry to the university.

And the moment my foot crossed the threshold, I became a student.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 859 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 4, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks University of Constantinople
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,431
The halls of the university were impressive, yet not overwhelming like the palace had been. The floor and walls were made out of marble, there was the occasional piece of finery on display, but it was less blatant. Each one was marked with Greek lettering, which I couldn't read. Michalis had only taught me the spoken language of the Greeks, not their letters. As my gaze lingered on a statue that stood in the center of a hallway, Alexios seemed to understand my curiosity. "Artwork donated from students," he informed, his hands clasped behind his back as he looked at the statue.

A man riding a horse with a plumed helmet and a shortsword pointed at whatever the horse was in a full gallop towards. It was an impressive statue, especially considering that it was the size of a real horse and man.

"A statue of Emperor Aurelian, perhaps one of our greatest Emperors. During barbarian invasions during the third century. A brilliant tactician and politician -- Emperors are rarely both, as it were," Alexios said, and he seemed to shine as he spoke, smiling lightly at the statue. "It was his firm hand that forestalled the collapse of the western half of the empire for two centuries! Such a pity that he was assassinated." He sighed, sounding genuinely disappointed.

I felt like I was missing context, but I understood one thing -- this Aurelian was worthy of respect. It sounded like he was the leader that his people needed when they faced a time of crisis, or at the very least, he rose to the task. Assassination… that was a poor end for such a leader.

"The statue itself, if you forgive my opinion, is middling at best. I knew the student that made it -- talented, but unmotivated. Then again, I suppose my standards might be too high as the university boasts one of the greatest collections of art in all of the empire!" He let out a small laugh, and I was starting to understand that Alexios enjoyed talking. And he was quite good at it too. "There used to be a tapestry here some twenty years ago made by Lady Maria, a true work of art depicting Jesus carrying the cross…"

He trailed off, perhaps realizing that he was being a bit too free with his tongue and glanced at me for a reaction. If Alexios considered this a poor statue, then I could only imagine what a great one would look like. The longer that I looked at the statue, the more I expected it to suddenly look at me as the thin layer of rock shattered to reveal that a man and his steed laid beneath. It was a little unnerving, in complete honesty. I distracted myself by focusing on something that he said, "The collapse of the western half of the empire?"

No one had mentioned such a thing to me. Alexios seemed a bit surprised by my question, but he was all too happy to explain as he gestured for me to follow him. "Alas, it happened four centuries ago. Nearly three. Barbaric hordes swept in from the east, and the western half of the empire had long since struggled. It is a controversial opinion of mine, but the great Julias Caesar was too ambitious in claiming all of Gaul in one fell swoop! As a result, a large swath of the western empire never truly settled and they welcomed their barbaric brothers with open arms!"

Alexios huffed, "He was our first Emperor nearly a thousand years ago, and yet people act like he is immune to criticism! Foolish! A foolish notion, I say!" I nearly tripped over my own two feet.

"A thousand years old?" I blurted, making Alexios look back at me with the naked disbelief in my voice. "The Roman Empire is a thousand years old?"

"Hm? Ah, the empire has existed for approximately… eight hundred and seven years. Before that, however, it was the Roman Republic -- its founding is a subject of fierce debates, but my studies show that it was founded around the year five hundred BC, which puts Rome's collective existence at around a thousand and two hundred and eighty seven years." Alexios explained, sounding like he enjoyed my reaction. I sucked in a sharp breath, struggling to understand it and make it fit with what I knew.

Such a long time… the Romans must have existed around the same time as Odin did. Back when he walked the earth as a mortal man, ignorant of his divine nature. It was utterly astounding. Before… well… I figured the world had been empty then, more or less. I was sure that there had been people, otherwise Odin wouldn't have existed, but to think that there had been nations that existed during his life… to think that there was one that still existed after all this time…

"Now, as to answer your previous inquiry," Alexios continued, "The western half of the empire collapsed as it was not properly settled and cultivated. Now, it is broken into petty kingdoms, the largest of them being Francia, while the Muslims now possess Hispania."

I swallowed thickly -- meaning that all my time as I raided and fought throughout Francia, that had all once belonged to the Roman Empire a few centuries ago? That seemed absolutely mad. I would have accused the man of lying to me, trying to trick me into thinking the Roman Empire was greater than it was, but I simply didn't see what he would have to gain from such a trick. The information was… it was frightening, I realized.

Those old buildings and ruins that I had stumbled across during the war -- those had been Roman buildings, hadn't they?

"Now, Lord Siegfried," Alexios began as we approached a room and I saw that it was a large one. Large enough to fit an entire longhouse inside, with rows and rows of stone seats with those at the back nearly touching the ceiling they were so elevated. There was a long table before the seats that possessed a gentle curve to them so they were shaped like a horse shoe, letting them look upon the objects that rested on the table. I had no idea what they were. "I have been placed in charge of deciding your curriculum. Your Greek is impeccable, I must say -- if I didn't know you were a foreigner, I could be mistaken into thinking you were nobility. Do you have a talent for languages?"

I felt anxious. As anxious as I ever did before battle. Perhaps more so now -- I could at least handle myself in battle. "I speak Norse, Germanic, Frankish, and Dutch. I learned Greek on the journey here," I confessed, hiding the fact that I also spoke Latin. Keeping that to myself had already come in handy twice before. Especially considering that Latin was the perfected language of the nobility.

Alexios seemed impressed, "Fascinating! I would love to see some texts translated into these languages, but that is for another day. Can you read?"

My lips thinned, "Not in Greek. I can in Norse, Germanic, and Frankish, however." I felt compelled to volunteer, even if the information did little good.

"We can provide lessons. And even if you don't have a knack for it, no matter! Half the nobles here can't read." He tried to hide it, but Alexios couldn't keep out the disgust in his voice. "You seem to have an interest in history, and while your ambition to learn everything is worthy of praise, it is impractical. It would be best to focus on a few subjects at a time. I have a comprehensive list here -- ahem, poetry, philosophy, mathematics, geometry, artitecture, music, science, astronomy, history, tactics, theology, the natural arts, finances, etiquette, diplomacy-" the list kept going, but it was lost on me as I was overwhelmed with choices.

Alexios finished near a minute later, "I would recommend picking two to begin with."

I chewed on that. Two out of everything on that list? I didn't know what geometry even was. Or science. No… no, that wasn't enough. "I will only be here for a handful of years, and worse, I will spend a great deal of time in the field battling Constantinople's enemies. I intend to learn as much as I can during this time -- I will learn ten subjects." I decided, making Alexios's bushy gray eyebrows rise, but he didn't seem displeased by my decision.

He chuckled warmly, "Ah, it's quite rare to have a student that wishes to learn! Very well then. Tell me child, what do you seek to accomplish with this knowledge? I saw your expression go blank when I mentioned some of our classes." He noticed that, did he?

I looked around the room, as if searching it for the words to convey my intentions. When I first decided to come to the Romans, it was purely to increase my Learning and for wealth. But now that I was here, basking in the greatness of this city and its rich history…

I couldn't help but compare it to my home. To Denmark and Norway. Even Saxony.

"My people don't possess anything like this," I admitted, gesturing to the room itself. "Our floors are made of dirt, our buildings of mud and wood. There are no great statues of famous heroes. The closest thing that we possess are carved and painted runestones that don't compare. Life is short, bitter, and hard where the weak are culled because their existence threatens the whole. There are no places of learning, because my people prioritize survival above all else, and there is no time for it. There are no great cities. The greatest of them would barely deserve to be called a town."

I was jealous, I realized. I was intensely jealous of what the Romans possessed. Alexios spoke of the barbarians that conquered the west, and I imagined that they had been every bit as jealous as I was. It felt like I stepped into a different realm entirely the moment I entered Constantinople with how vastly different things were. It only made sense that the barbarians, possibly even my own people, sought to take what the Romans possessed. I intended to do the same, only I would bring it back to my homeland.

"Do not despair, child. Few places in this world can hope to hold a candle to Constantinople!" He chuckled before taking out a piece of parchment, "I understand your intentions well then. You seek to know what makes Rome great. In that case, I know a few subjects that will interest you -- Architecture, geometry, mathematics, philosophy, and my very own class, history." I didn't know what two of those subjects were, and I still didn't understand how you could study philosophy. Mathematics seemed a bit pointless considering that I knew my sums well enough, but history seemed quite enjoyable to learn about. Especially in an empire with such a long saga to tell.

I nodded, showing that I consented to learning these subjects. Five of the ten had been filled, and it seemed I already had a great deal to learn.

"You are nobility as well as a mercenary captain. As such, it seems prudent for you to learn of diplomacy and finance. I would recommend etiquette, but given your intentions of returning to your homeland, it seems unnecessary." He said, waiting for me to nod before marking down two more subjects. Which left three. "Your last choices, I believe, should be of personal interest to you. Things you wish to learn, rather than need to."

I pondered that for a moment, and as I did, I caught a flash of movement at the door with my expanded vision. A woman with lightly bronzed skin, dark hair, and dark eyes wearing a colorful gown of red and gold. It must have cost a fortune. While I noticed her, Alexios didn't until I looked at her fully. "Ah, Artemisia. A teacher of natural philosophy. This is-"

"I know very well who he is. My class barely heard a word I said, they were so enraptured with tales of a pagan stalking the halls." She remarked, and while her tone was blunt, I did notice that she didn't say the word pagan with the same scorn as others did. It sounded like simply another descriptor coming from her, as if she had said that I had red hair. "I also heard you were the one saddled with the task of guiding him, and I thought it best to ensure you didn't put any foul ideas in his head."

Alexios smiled at me, "Artemisia was once a student of mine. One of my brightest."

"What ideas should I fear being put in my head?" I questioned, and she did seem faintly surprised to see that I spoke Greek.

"That all the doors of this university are open to you," Artemisia replied bluntly. I frowned in response, and she continued. "By the grace of the Emperor's mother, you were permitted entry into the university, but because of your beliefs, you will find few willing teachers. It is simply not in their best interest. You will be here for some time, but once you leave, they will remain and suffer a stain of association. Dear Alexios here was appointed your guide as an insult to him."

Alexios simply laughed in response, "It is up to me to decide if an insult is taken as one, my dear! I see it as an opportunity!" He made no secret of it and I clenched my jaw. It would be a lie to say that I was surprised, but I very much did find myself annoyed with the development. However, I knew that I did have options.

"How much would it take to convince these teachers to suffer the stain of my association?" I questioned, a sigh in my voice.

"Their weight in gold, I would imagine." Artemisia replied, cooking an eyebrow at me.

"Fine," I accepted the bribe easily enough and she couldn't keep the surprise off of her face. "On the condition that they travel with me when I must go to battle as a camp follower. I will not suffer an interruption to my education."

"Alas, if only I were fat! I suddenly find myself quite jealous of Linus. I never saw that happening," Alexios remarked, stroking his wispy white beard.

"Failing that, I will require copies of texts relevant to my studies," I continued, narrowing my eyes at Artemisia. "I don't care what you think of me, but I will learn what this place has to teach."

Artemisia seemed… impressed, for lack of a better word. "Quite an exorbitant sum. I'm surprised that you would value knowledge so highly. I know very little of your people, but I have been led to believe that pagans would sooner wipe their bottoms with knowledge than place any kind of value on it." The words were insulting, but they were delivered bluntly. I still felt insulted but I could see that it wasn't on purpose. She simply didn't care enough to mince her words.

I frowned at her, indignant at her ignorance. "My people worship the Aesir, who are led by Odin the Allfather. He who gave his left eye in exchange for the secrets of women and he who sent his ravens to all the realms of Yggdrasil to learn everything there was to learn. Odin values knowledge and wisdom above all else. Even more than his realm at times." There were many tales of the troubles Odin found himself in because his curiosity got the better of him. I would not argue that my people did not possess the sheer breadth of knowledge that the Romans had, but to say we did not place value on knowledge itself was an insult.

She seemed to mull that over. "I see. Very well -- I propose an exchange of knowledge then. I will not accept you in my class, and I'm quite wealthy so I do not need your bribes. However, if you can broaden my horizons, I shall broaden yours to the wonders of the natural world." I tilted my head at the offer, not entirely sure what to make of it. Alexios, however, chuckled.

"I would take her up on it, Lord Siegfried. Few are those that receive an invitation from Lady Artemisia. Her class is always in the highest of demands." To that, Artemisia sneered with such intensity that I thought she might pull something.

"Yet none of them wish to learn," she remarked, and the little that I gathered was that Artemisia was from a family of importance. Those that took her class were seeking influence or to make some kind of connection.

"I will accept this offer," I decided. Artemisia nodded, as if she expected nothing less.

"Then follow me. I shall repay you for what you told me of your god," she instructed with the air of someone used to being obeyed and didn't waste a moment in leaving the room. I glanced at Alexios, who simply seemed amused.

"I would pick out another two classes. It does not need to be now, of course. Sample what you can to find what appeals to you. I suspect that you will have a great deal to show Lady Artemisia," he offered and I offered a small nod. I didn't know him well yet, but I found myself liking Alexios.

Artemisia hadn't waited for me, leaving me to take long strides to catch up with her. And, now that I thought about it, I wasn't sure what Natural Philosophy meant. "What exactly is it that you teach?"

She didn't so much as look over her shoulder as we approached a room. "You shall see soon enough," she replied blandly, leading me into the room to see that it was of a similar shape to the one that we left. Only this one was filled with people. Their ages were mostly in the late teens to mid twenties, with a handful of those older. All well groomed and wearing fine clothing, rings of gold on their fingers. A handful of women were in the class as well, which surprised me, but I suppose it shouldn't have as there was a woman teacher.

I felt all their eyes on me. They knew exactly who I was. However, I was quite used to being the center of attention so I gave it no mind and took a seat in the front row, making a bronzed skin man a few years older than me scoot away. More room for me. Artemisia didn't seem to notice, or she didn't care.

"Since some of you have mistaken this room to be for gossip, allow me to remind you why you are here -- you are here to learn about the natural processes of the world, of which God created. You are here to banish ignorance, willful or otherwise, and learn why it is that the world functions as it does." I recognized that the words were for my sake, but there was a general muttering in the room that sounded vaguely apologetic. "We shall resume where we left off -- the nature of shapes. A circle."

I narrowed my eyes, puzzled as she picked up a wagon wheel, continuing to speak. "There are few true circles in the natural world, as the great philosopher Aristotle observed. Ovals are far more common, yet demonstrably less useful for practical use. Yet, it is the circle that has changed our way of life. Why?" I wasn't sure I understood the question being asked, but somewhere behind me, someone answered.

"It's round." I felt like that was quite obvious, but Artemisia smiled, pleased with the answer.

"Exactly. It is round. A single narrow point is made with the ground, and with momentum that single point is changed until a complete rotation is made. For a wagon, it ensures smooth travel on an even surface allowing transportation of goods on its back. The limitation being the quality of the materials the wagon is made of and the road. Not the shape. With strong enough materials, the circle can carry a mountain on its back." Artemisia began to explain and I leaned forward -- I thought of all the times I used or rode on a wagon, and I couldn't find an argument to what she said.

"It goes beyond wagons. Take this -- a humble pulley," Artemisia held up an object I had seen on the docks, but never in use. "It is a lever that distributes the weight across the circle's edge, allowing a man to lift a heavy barrel that he otherwise couldn't. This is a practical use of a shape in everyday life. Now, give me an example of another shape that is used in everyday life."

"A plow," I blurted, finding myself swept up in the conversation. The thinking was… abstract, if I had to call it something. It was a different kind of thinking than I was used to. Artemisia looked at me, waiting for an elaboration while the rest of the class seemed genuinely shocked that I could speak Greek. "A triangle that pushes dirt to the side."

"An axe!" The one next to me swiftly added, not so subtly looking at me and the axe at my belt. "To chop trees with."

Artemisia smiled ever so slightly. I knew that kind of smile. That was a smile that told me that a plan had come together beautifully. And I had an idea of what that plan might be given her previous remarks about those that participated in her class. She was using my presence to spurn on the others to show me up. I had to admit, it worked like a charm because following my answer came a slew of others.

And so began my very first lesson as a student.

…

The lesson ended within an hour and I found myself glad for my decision to attend this university. I was more so when the lesson ended and Alexios proved that he had more to show me. "There once was a great wonder of the world -- the Library of Alexandria. The greatest in the world. I harbor no ill towards the Muslim people, but I will always resent them for the destruction of the library. Hundreds of years of records -- from the wisdoms of the greatest philosophers ever known, to texts and letters written by Alexander the Great himself, and even mundane shipping manifests. All recorded for the sake of sharing that wealth of knowledge for any that might step through the doors."

As Alexios spoke, he pushed open a large set of double doors, revealing a large room that smelled like ink. The walls were covered in shelving, scrolls piled up or books lining the shelves. It was a great room filled with nothing but books and texts. There were thousands of them. So many that I was shocked that the shelves didn't collapse under the weight of the parchment and ink.

I did not have to ask for the meaning of the word library.

"However, not all of the texts were destroyed. Some were rescued, the most important of them sent here long before the Muslims could destroy the great library. Others were salvaged. More were donated to the university. While it does not rival the great Library of Alexandria, it is a great place of learning. Where those of the past might teach the present to not to repeat their mistakes." Alexios continued while I ran my hand over a row of parchment, finding some dust on my fingertips.

It was beginning to dawn on me what this place was.

However, I found myself asking something else. "Alexander the Great? Who was he?" I asked, curious to know who would have a city named for him.

To that, Alexios simply smiled. "I think you'll enjoy that story a great deal."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 889 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 11, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Plans of the Future
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 18, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,493
Learning how to read was a frustrating endeavor, and not only because Greek was very different from both Latin and Norse. It was frustrating because I was surrounded on all sides by scrolls and texts that I either couldn't read or I had to pretend that I couldn't since I wanted the fact that I could both speak and read Latin a secret. And in the few weeks that I had been inside the University, I got a taste of what the books offered.

In my hands was a scroll detailing a first hand report from one of Alexander the Great's cavalry commanders -- Philotas, on one of their many victories. I knew of the man's ending already. He was executed for being privy to a plot to overthrow Alexander, but doing nothing about it one way or the other. A cowardly move from an otherwise bold man. Added to the fact that it was not the first time such accusations had been made against him, Alexander's mercy paid with indifference and inaction, his execution was warranted.

It was fascinating. Alexander was fascinating. Before the Romans, there was Alexander the Great, and his empire that stretched across the world. A son of a God named Zeus, a mighty conqueror, a magnificent leader. Alexios was right on the mark when he first pointed me in the direction of the texts about one of the greatest conquerors the world has ever known. The moment that I learned of the scope of his achievements, I couldn't get enough.

The very worst part of it all was the fact that most of the texts about him were in Latin. The scroll that I currently read was a copy of the original, and it was in Greek. Polyglot aided me in learning how to read, but it was much slower than learning how to speak languages. It took me a week to speak Greek reasonably well and another week to be fluent. I had been learning Greek letters for three weeks now, and I was just now getting to a point that I no longer required Alexios hovering nearby to ask what a word meant.

"I arrived at the same conclusion," I muttered to myself, reading the account of a battle. I felt proud of myself, though I'm not sure I had reason to be. It was just a feeling of… validation, I suppose. Aside from being a guileless politician, Philotas was also an excellent commander and a fine story teller. I could almost see the battle he described, even with my limited vocabulary -- the dusty sand, the harsh sun overhead, the stench of horses, sweat, and blood in the air…

"In what?" Alexios questioned, a scroll in his hands. He was my favorite teacher of them all at the university. Partly by default, but even if I was well liked, Alexios would still have been my favorite teacher. He understood my hunger for knowledge, and he happily fed me texts, tales, and his own theories to sate that hunger.

"Timing," I answered. "More than numbers or equipment, timing is the most important aspect of a cavalry charge. Too early and the impact is muted, too late and the infantry suffers unnecessary losses. There is a right moment to strike, and it is when the enemy is committed and shaken." I muttered, reaching out to dip my quill into an ink pot to make a note on a piece of parchment. I wrote the note in Norse runes, then on another I made the same note in Greek.

It was a way for Alexios to check my progress in writing, and he had expressed some interest in learning my peoples written runes. He, unfortunately, had far less success learning my written language than I did his.

"I was unaware that your people used cavalry," Alexios remarked, sounding interested.

"I'm among the few that do. I learned the value of cavalry in Francia. From both ends of a charge," I admitted absentmindedly, finishing the note. I was not yet good with a quill, so the fresh ink stain joined several others on my fingers. I minded little. Alexios made a noise of understanding. It was validating to see that I had ended up mimicking Alexander the Great, even before I knew who he was. My companion cavalry was a much lesser version of his, but the core idea was still there.

I continued to read the scroll, but out of the corner of my expanded vision, I saw a gaggle of students that were looking at me. They talked amongst themselves in low tones, and the only snatch of the conversation I managed to overhear was 'The Pagan.' It seemed my name was too complicated for my fellow students, so they resorted to giving me a moniker. An unflattering one in their estimation.

Artemisia had been spot on. I was not liked within the school, and I did have to pay truly ludicrous bribes to receive the education that I wanted. Enough so that I had earned some remarks from Jill for how much I was spending on the university from tutors, to copies of texts, to general supplies such as ink, parchment, and quills. However, there were precious few that dared to approach me. For the most part, they left me alone and I preferred it that way. The most they did was gawk at my appearance and speak when they thought I couldn't hear.

"I hope what you gleam from these will serve you well come spring," Alexios continued. "You are being sent to Anatolia, yes?"

I hummed a confirmation, reaching the end of the scroll. Another victory for Alexander. "I will. As a fleet," I added. I expected to be used against the Bulgarians. Actually, I rather hoped that would be the case. It meant I would still be somewhat close to the university and Constantinople. Instead, I was being sent to Anatolia with my fleet. My given task was to hunt pirates and raid Muslim merchant ships, which seemed a fine deal to me. Even if it would take me away from university. "I will be back every other month. At least initially. Part of my contract is year round service with the exclusion of winter."

My mercenary band would need to maintain a presence at sea, but that didn't mean I constantly had to be out. I was hoping to strike a balance between my time at sea and in Constantinople. To that end, I was looking for someone to command my ships while I was here.

There were a few names that I was looking at, but the one at the top of the list was Hoffer. He had experience being a captain at sea, he was the brother to my wife, and while he was a fine fighter, I didn't need him as a commander of a division of men. I did, however, need a ship captain.

"It sounds fascinating! To sail on the Mediterranean Sea, fighting pirates and taking plunder." He sighed, "If only I were forty years younger. No, thirty!" He corrected, making me blink at him.

I felt compelled to ask, "How old are you then?" I questioned, thinking that he was in his fifties at the latest.

Alexios aimed a sly smile at me, "I turn eighty-three this spring!" He informed with delight, laughing at my stunned expression.

I… didn't know people could live to be that old. My own grandparents committed Asteuupe when they were in their late fifties because by that time, they were so worn down that they put the rest of the family at risk.

It was another thing that I noticed. This land was so very different from my home. Denmark had harsh winners, yet here, in the middle of winter, I stepped outside wearing nothing more than a tunic and some trousers. It was almost as if the season didn't exist. Or, at least, not as I knew it. Now I discover the greybeards of this nation lived almost twice as long as the greybeards of my home. I knew that it very well had something to do with the fact that Alexios spent his years in a library. But it didn't lessen the blow because my people didn't even know what a library was.

"I'm sure that your teachers will have other materials for you -- and I hear that Chares will be going with you," he began. My mathematics teacher, who had accepted my bribe of his weight in gold. A sum that would be paid out to him over the course of my time at this university. He didn't care for me, but he was an eager teacher if it meant being paid well. I had even noticed him fattening himself up so the bribe would be larger. "But I have prepared a list of historical figures that I believe you would be interested in. It's early, but it will take time to scribe the scrolls for you to read on your journey."

Alexios slid me the parchment that he had been marking and I saw a list of names.

Socrates
Agapius of Athens - Philosopher
Agrippa the Skeptic - Philosopher
Augustus- Ruler
Aurelian - Ruler
Aristarchus of Samos - Philosopher
Aristotle - Philosopher
Ashoka the Great - Ruler
Cicero - Rhetoric
Cyrus the Great - Ruler
Diogenes - Philosopher
Hadrian - Ruler
Heraclitus - Philosopher
Hannibal - General
Julius Caesar - Ruler
Marcus Aurelius - Ruler
Trajan - Ruler

There were a great many names, and outside of a handful of them, none of them stood out to me. The only thing that really differentiated them was a marking noting why they were on the list, but not why they were chosen from others. However, one name did draw my attention above the others. "Who is Ashoka the Great?" I questioned, curious as to what he did to earn the same title as Alexander the Great. How would he stand in comparison? I was hungry to know.

Alexios did seem vaguely surprised that I asked about Ashoka, but he had an answer ready. "A ruler in a land called the Magadha Empire, beyond the lands that now belong to the Abbasids. He was a wise emperor -- once, he was a young man that was hungry for glory and prestige, enough so that he usurped the throne. However, in the aftermath of a terrible battle, Ashoka decided that he had no taste for war. Instead of conquering lands, he instead dedicated himself to improving what he already possessed." Akexios explained, making my brow furrow.

That… sounded like a coward. To see one battle and decide that you would never wield a blade again? That was… not what I expected. Actually, it was the exact opposite of Alexander the Great. I couldn't help but think that this Ashoka didn't deserve the same title.

"Hm. If you say he is worth learning about…" I replied, holding more than a little doubt. Instead, I turned my attention to the handful of names that I did recognize, such as Marcus Aurelius. He was a figure that I wished to learn more about. Julius Caesar as well. Above all the others, however, the name Augustus drew my attention. I knew little about him in particular, only that the Romans held him in near equal regard as they did Julius Caesar.

I was trying to branch out, but it couldn't be denied that I was drawn to historical generals and leaders. The Charlemagnes of their day. Simply because they were remembered so fondly for their successes, and I was eager to learn why they were so successful where all others around them failed. Could Julius Caesar have been like me? Chosen by his gods? I found the entire idea fascinating. Far more than I did philosophy.

"Look it over. Find the ones that appeal to you, my student, and I shall see to it that you learn all that we can teach about them." Alexios said, standing up. "Unfortunately, this is where I depart. Just where things got interesting in the Second Punic War. Alas, I do have a class to teach," he said, bidding me farewell. I watched him leave, tempted to sit in on the class. But, it was better this way.

Alexios had his own story to tell, but I caught glimpses of it already. He was the oldest and by far the longest serving teacher within the university, yet he was something of an outcast amongst the university. He hadn't said why, and he seemed perfectly content with the way things were, but I was curious. Especially, when it impacted his ability to teach, because his class was by far the least popular. Despite calling it a class, Alexios was more of a tutor of no more than a handful of students, myself among them.

Curious or not, I didn't feel the need to press him for answers. Instead, I rolled up the scroll and rebound it with a piece of twine. Just as I did so, I got a notification from the gods.

Quest: Read 100 texts in a single field of study
Math: 3/100
Science: 5/100
Literature: 1/100
History: 33/100
Philosophy: 5/100
Arts: 0/100

Reward: Trait - Bookworm

Bookworm: Memorization of everything that the user reads in addition to retroactively memorizing everything the user read before gaining the trait.

The trait was of interest to me. I only had the one, at the moment -- Sea Raider. It would also greatly help my efforts to read every single scroll and book in the library. However, the catch was that it wasn't enough to simply read a text. I had to understand it. Which is part of the reason I found myself drifting to war related texts because I found them far easier to understand than, say, science. To say nothing of art.

Satisfied with my progress, I grabbed the copies of scrolls and the list and shoved them in my bag before I departed the library. All the while, I heard whispers trailing after me. A few weeks was enough time to get acquainted with the layout, so I paid it no mind as I simply left the building. What I didn't expect was to see Astrid approaching with Thorkell to greet me. "Did something happen?" I asked, frowning as I approached. Astrid, despite being here, never seemed less stricken by the university.

"We got an answer from the eunuchs," Astrid answered. The eunuchs were an odd bunch, I was finding. They were a class of people that worked exclusively in administrative positions but for some reason, absolutely no one seemed to like them. Or they looked down on them… or were repulsed. Which seemed like a rather severe reaction to what amounted to a brow beaten bureaucrat.

Based on her expression, I could guess the answer. "We were refused?" I asked, stepping past them and they fell in step beside me.

"Yup. Someone got to them," Thorkell remarked, and my frown deepened.

I was attempting to purchase land within the Byzantine Empire. A small plot of it, enough to house my warriors and goods. And, partly, because I was eager to develop the land to increase my stewardship. It seemed like a simple affair at first. There was no law preventing me from owning property so long as I paid what was due and paid my taxes. The issue readily became apparent when I started approaching people to buy a plot of land.

No one wished to sell to a pagan, regardless of how much I offered. It was discrimination that I had learned to expect. However, when we did find someone that would sell us a plot of land, we found that they quickly changed their mind. Or that they increased their asking price to something so unfathomable that I refused to entertain the negotiation. With each failed attempt, I found myself searching for land further and further from Constantinople.

"Someone is interfering," I agreed. I had suspected it for some time now, and with this latest refusal, I was certain of it. It was a question of who, though? And, unfortunately, my list of enemies was long enough that I couldn't even guess at who might be behind it.

Astrid nodded, "It's someone that's keeping a close eye on us. And someone high enough that they can see our every legal offer." She stressed, and I swallowed a sigh. The laws here were not so different than in my home, even if there did seem to be more steps in between -- to purchase land, you needed permission from the owner and the permission from the local Jarl. Permission from the Jarl could be simple or complicated, as it all depended on if the Jarl wanted the property to change hands.

Her solution was a direct one. If the law was in the way, go around it.

"Seems likely," I agreed. "But I have thought of an alternative," I told her as we made our way down to the mercenary district. The dock was full of my ships, even though I had dozens coming and going now. With my merchant rights secured, I could trade freely throughout the Byzantine Empire. As such, I had used my fleet as a merchant fleet -- I spent the wealth from the wine and oil to purchase more goods, and I proceeded to trade. Not only was it a source of income, but it kept my men busy. They were already on the rotation that I intended -- a thousand of them sailing and a thousand of them in Constantinople.

"Finally going to put some of that knowledge to work?" Thorkell questioned as we headed inside to the war room. It had been furnished during my stay. The most important thing in the room, however, was a map of the Mediterranean Sea. It had fetched quite a price from the captain that I had purchased it from, but it was worth the cost several times over. The large map that covered a portion of the long table gave me information about the surrounding area and the scope of the Romans, Bulgarians, and these Abbasids.

Rome was more splintered than I had realized. In truth, they were squished between two other empires. Compared to the heights of the Roman Empire before, it was clear that the Romans were living in a shadow of their former glories. Still, as a shadow of themselves, they were vastly richer than the greatest of my people.

"The Romans have difficulty exerting their influence in the surrounding area. This is Greece, and it was in open rebellion for years," I said, pointing to the landmass that was called Greece. Astrid's eyebrows shot up when she realized what she was looking at -- Greece was a stones throw away from Constantinople. More than that, knowing what I knew now, I saw how important Greece has been to the empire. It was a wealthy territory and a lot of the history of the Romans could find roots in that land. There was a reason why Greek was one of the most common tongues. "These territories belong to the Romans, but they do not control them. It happens to be on their borders with the Bulgarians and the Abbasids."

"So, we go to one of them and reconquer it and part of the price is land ownership," Astrid ventured, earning a nod. That was exactly what I intended. As far as the map was concerned, Greece was still part of the empire. "Where are you thinking?"

I answered by putting a finger on an island called Krete. "It's not as close to Constantinople as I would like, but otherwise it's perfect," I said. I had Michalis ask around for me and he was the one that gave me the name of the island. It was situated just off the coast of Anatolia, which made up the bulk of the empire. "It's centralized for trade, it's an island which will give us privacy and control over the waters with our fleet. And seeing as we will be sailing the Mediterranean, it's perfect for a base of operations."

Thorkell and Astrid looked at me like I grew a second head and I realized I was borrowing words from the scroll that I read. They would have to get used to them. Astrid recovered first, "Sounds… ideal. So, if the Romans don't control it, who does?"

To that, I smiled. "Pirates. Almost exclusively, as far as I have been told. Both Abbasid and Roman. The settlements are small, no more than a few thousand people in total, but a significant number of them are pirates that raid up and down the coast." Which made it perfect in my eyes. I was granted permission to prey on Abbasid merchant ships, but I understood what that permission entailed. I was a mercenary, not a Roman.

If the Abbasids demanded retribution from the Romans for their raided ships, I imagine that the Romans would be content to give me to them. They would toss me to the wolves.

I was their instrument to attack the Abbasids without actually attacking them. Just as I imagined the pirates in Krete were their way of attacking the Romans. Meaning that it was indirect enough that the Romans would wish to see it done.

"Sounds messy," Thorkell gave his opinion. "We won't be fighting a single army, but hundreds of small groups. They'll swarm around the island like a fly on shit."

I agreed. "We find a way to make them commit. It won't be easy, but so long as we handle the bulk of the pirates, it can work." I saw that Thorkell still had some doubts but he swallowed them until he had a plan. Before he could ask what that plan might be, there was a knock at the door. I looked up and my heart leapt to my throat when I saw a swish of black cloth, and I couldn't help my disappointment when I saw that it was Michalis being guided in by Jill.

It had been more than a month now and Morrigan was still avoiding me. I tried to give her space. I sent Jill to speak with her, and if those talks did any good, I certainly hadn't seen it. I wasn't so much running out of patience as I was growing concerned at what could be so horrible that Morrigan refused to so much as be in the same room as me.

I missed her. An odd thing considering that I spent months away from her during my time in Francia, but she had never avoided me like this before. She was there, just out of reach.

I kept the disappointment off of my face and nodded a greeting at Michalis, who seemed… pensive, for a lack of a better word. He gave a deep bow, "Greetings, Lord Siegfried. I come bearing an invitation."

That caught my attention, "Do I want to know to what?" I questioned with a cocked eyebrow. I wasn't expecting an invitation to anything. So far, my experience was nobles and people of importance avoiding me as if I had a pox. It was a rather stark difference in comparison to my time in Saxony.

Michalis offered a thin smile, "On behalf of my mentor Chares. He has arranged for a celebration for his nephew's first born son."

"I see. I wasn't aware that we were so well acquainted that he would wish me to celebrate his clan gaining a member," I remarked. I didn't at all care for Chares. I still planned my vengeance for his insults, but it had fallen to the wayside in favor of learning.

"It's merely an excuse to get together and make merry. And make deals," Michalis replied, and that was an odd difference from my home. Still, it made a great deal more sense than an invite out of a desire for me to be there.

Jill spoke up, "It is an opportunity. One of the few that have been presented to us. There will be a number of powerful merchants and minor nobility." I wasn't surprised that she wanted to go. Jill seemed to lust for diplomacy as much as Astrid did for battle in recent days.

"Would it be rude to refuse?" I asked and Jill gave me a cutting smile. So it would be very rude. And, as much as I would like to be rude to Chares, I could see that it wasn't wise at this time. "Very well then. We shall attend." Michalis seemed relieved and Jill was pleased.

What would a Roman party would like, I wondered?

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 797 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 18, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Connections
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 8, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,541
"Do I have to go?" Was the first thing that came out of Astrid's mouth, my wife sounding entirely disinterested with the entire affair. I didn't really blame her there. I also had absolutely zero interest in attending the party, but Jill made it abundantly clear that it wasn't an invitation that we could afford to refuse. Despite how much I would like to. In the end, she simply made too strong of an argument for it -- we would be expanding our social network, making connections, and it would be an opportunity to make a number of deals with various territories throughout the empire.

And it would reflect badly on me as a leader if I couldn't attend a party for a handful of hours for the benefit of my men.

"We do," I answered, the sigh in my voice matching her own. I stood on a stool while a man hovered around me, taking measurements. He was a tailor. One recommended to me by Michalis, who would dress me in the latest fashion of the court. A damn stupid thing, I decided, but I could admit that the silks felt soft and their colors were vibrant. Astrid sat in the corner, watching the outfit be made with some interest, her own dress already underway. "It's just for a few hours. We can leave after the mingling is done."

"As if Jill would let you," Astrid replied with a huff of amusement. To that, my lips thinned because she was more right than I cared for. Jill would be sorely disappointed if I didn't accomplish something at the party. A connection, a deal… she took her self imposed duties quite seriously and she was expecting something to work with. I approved until it started to become a pain in my ass, doubly so because she was in the right. I just didn't want to go. "You should take Jill. She's the one that wants to go," Astrid said, still trying to wiggle her way out of the engagement.

"But you are my wife. You're expected to do these things," I replied dryly, making Astrid wrinkle her nose.

"Marry Jill then," she refuted with no hesitation. Most women had greater reluctance for their husband taking a second wife.

"These are Christians. They only take one spouse," I told her, making Astrid sigh dramatically as her last hope was foiled.

"I hate these things," Astrid admitted, sinking into her seat. "I can't stand the talks where nothing is ever said or mincing my words to avoid causing offense. No one would leave me alone because of who my father was… it just wasn't… me. And at least in Norway, I could speak the language better than a child." Astrid muttered under her breath -- in the past weeks, the lessons in Greek began and Astrid was struggling with it. Jill was doing the best, Morrigan close behind as far as I've heard, with Astrid in last.

It was my first time seeing someone else learning a language and I was genuinely shocked to see how slow it was for other people. All three women were clever, but in the time it had took for me to become fluent they had barely become familiar with the basics. It was a sore spot for Astrid in particular.

"It's fine-" I started to reassure her, but she cut me off with a glare.

"It's not fine," she interjected with an annoyed hiss. "I'm your wife. To those idiots out there, I'm a reflection on you. Me looking like an idiot is you looking like an idiot, idiot," she said and I think I saw a glimpse of the issue. She felt insecure. As much as I did. I knew exactly where she was coming from too -- fear of saying the wrong thing to the wrong person and someone else, like my father, being forced to suffer the consequences for it. It wasn't that long ago when I was at the center of attention, and the greatest of my deeds was defending the farm.

I lowered my arms as the tailor took a step back, "Astrid… you won't embarrass me. Or yourself," I told her, and the reassurance was repaid with a disbelieving frown.

"Jill is better at this stuff," Astrid pointed out, crossing her arms.

"She is," I agreed, and I was glad that Astrid didn't take offense to it. "But you can do things that she can't. Fight, for one." I told her, stepping off of the stool and approaching Astrid, who still wore a frown even as she enjoyed the flattery.

"Among other things," she added with an exaggerated waggle of her eyebrows. Her meaning was clear and I fought down a flush.

"That too," I admitted. "So don't be concerned with other people's opinions. We don't know these people and they only seek to use us. I know your worth, Astrid. As should you," I continued and Astrid cooked her head to that, her frown becoming a slight grin. She stood up and planted a kiss in the corner of my mouth, surprising me.

"Charmer," she accused, seemingly satisfied with the flattery and dismissing whatever was left of her complaints. Before I could reply, the seamstress knocked at the door for Astrid to try on the first draft of her dress and I watched her go through the doors. It was a small moment, taking a seat on the stool and grabbing a scroll about Alexander the Great's trek through a land called Egypt as I waited for my clothing to be touched up.

Small moments that showed me how much things had changed.

…

Chares' manor was a sizable one in the countryside around Constantinople. I had always been uncertain how rich Chares was -- I knew he was a man of wealth, but as someone who grew rich recently, there were still divides between rich men, wealthy men, and those that couldn't spend all their money in two lifetimes of lavish spending. As we approached the estate, I saw that he was the latter. His home was a large building, both tall and wide, that was surrounded by farmland filled with toiling slaves for as far as the eye could see.

"There are a number of people to watch out for," Michalis began as we rode to the estate. "Chares is a bastard's bastard, but he's a rich one, so high nobility occasionally join when they want a loan or a favorable deal. It makes Chares seem that much more prestigious." He glanced at me, his gaze flickering to my clothing. I was quite pleased with them -- they were the finest that I had ever owned, even if they were quite different from what I typically wore.

I wore a long dark red shift made of silk with gold stitching and a long gold sash over one shoulder. I wasn't sure if I cared for the attire, in all honesty -- it felt too much like a dress, even if I was wearing trousers. Still, it was a fine article of clothing. Astrid's dress was shade of blue with gold stitching, along with a few bits of jewelry and some face paint. She was beautiful, and despite her clear reluctance, I did see that she was at least interested in what a Greek celebration would look like.

"Should that be a concern?" I asked, knowing that I wasn't particularly liked by the high nobility. Or the nobility in general.

Michalis winced and that told me all that I needed to know. "There are some that wish to speak with you. Word has spread about your trading fleet and your position hunting pirates. I would expect some to approach you during the celebration. Naturally, I shall be there to introduce you." Michalis said, and I knew he was doing me a favor even if he did benefit from it.

The horses came to a stop in front of the manor where there was a veritable army of servants to greet us. "This house… I've decided that it will be mine," I voiced, earning a sharp smile from Astrid as the doors opened to the carriage. It was almost exactly what I wished for -- large, vast lands to cultivate, and close to Constantinople.

Above all else it belonged to Chares, and I had not forgotten his insults. As far as I was concerned, today was the first step in bringing him low.

Getting out of the carriage, we were led into the building and I heard music bouncing off the walls. The villa was shaped similarly to what I saw in Francia, where there was a wide open space behind the entrance, and it was there that the party gathered. There were a good couple dozen nobles that spoke amongst each other, some of them passingly familiar. I had seen some of them during my meeting with the Emperor and his mother. Astrid was by my side, and I could tell that she wasn't impressed.

Neither was I, truth be told. This could hardly be called a celebration. There were no games or contests. Just some young boys singing over music and old men talking. Well, not just old men. Like me, they brought their wives, sons, and daughters, all of whom founded their own groups.

The very moment that their eyes turned to me, I felt unwelcome. Most weren't subtle with their glances my way and with my expanded vision, I did see Michalis step away, almost as if he were avoiding to be seen with us under the guise of approaching a servant.

"Wow. What a miserable lot," Astrid remarked in Norse. "I don't think they'd know what fun was even if it killed them." I suppose I could see the advantage of speaking about people in a language that they couldn't understand. However, before I could reply, I saw someone approaching me.

Chares. "Lord Siegfried, fortunes have favored you since we last met! As they have me! I am glad you could come," he announced and Tell Spotter didn't see the words as a lie, which instantly made me more suspicious. We were not so close to receivei such a genuinely warm welcome.

"It was no trouble. Congratulations on your niece," I replied, making a token effort to keep my tone friendly, but it was an effort. Chares was dressed lavishly in silks and I was surprised he could even walk with how much gold hung off him. He wore a wide friendly smile, the same smile he wore when he insulted me to my face. I didn't like him.

"Is this the barbarian then? Look at him, trying to dress as a man. I'm shocked he knows a civilized tongue! It makes him better than a Bulgarian, at least," a man around Chares' age approached, speaking Latin.

"Ah, allow me to introduce you to a fine friend of mine, Lord Siegfried -- this is Tobias. He only speaks Latin, befitting a man of his noble stature," Chares informed while Tobias looked down at me, and now that the tension had broken, I heard more whispers reaching my ears. "He says he is glad to meet you -- your military accomplishments have already been proven worthy of legends, and it would be a fine thing to let you loose at the barbaric Bulgarians."

He was a clever liar, at least. He mixed in words that I would likely recognize in Latin in his translation to convince me that's what was being said. As if I hadn't suffered another insult.

It would almost be worth it to reveal I could speak Latin. Just to see their faces.

Almost.

"I thank him for the kind words. Perhaps, with some luck, I might find myself in Bulgaria, but the Emperor has seen fit to position me in the Mediterranean against the Abbasids," I replied, keeping my tone neutral.

The whispers erupted around us. "I thought it unwise to invite a barbarian to such an occasion, but this is fine entertainment. Go speak to him. Call him… a frog licking scum sucker. Try to get him to thank you for it." There were many more whispers as it began to dawn on me what this was.

I was not here as a guest.

I was here as entertainment, no different from a fool or a jester.

It was going to be a very long night, I quickly realized as I fought the urge to reach for something sharp. Or to simply start bludgeoning people with my fists. I was also extremely glad that Astrid couldn't understand a word that was being said, because if she did… I'd much rather her be bored out of her mind than have to grit her teeth and bare this. Though, I'm not even sure that she would be able to. I wasn't sure I was going to be able to either as others began to approach us.

Michalis rejoined us and jumped into the discussions. True to his word, he did introduce us to a handful of people that seemed down on their luck enough to make a deal with me. In Norse, Michalis gave me rough details of who I would be dealing with -- merchants that were clinging to their status by their fingernails. People with obscene amounts of debt. Disgraced nobility and people of esteem, usually due to the Iconoclasm issue.

And every single one of them would rather eat a cow pie than deal with me, simply because I was not a Christian. Even if they didn't harbor personal bias, they knew others would judge them harshly, so I was treated much like a poisoned chalice. For the desperate, it was worth drinking from, but unthinkable to any that had another option. All the while, nobles approached to insult me for a good laugh.

Astrid smiled politely, but I could tell that she knew something was off. I'm not sure what convinced her of it, but she seemed to understand that those that approached were not friendly faces.

"That chin. Poor lad, I hope he can grow a beard to cover that up," Astrid remarked in Norse while another noble approached, insulting my clothing, face, and status in Latin. "It's like a scared turtle retreating back into his jaw. He's not the father of the niece, right? I hope not." Astrid said with a pleased smile as Michalis choked on translating the words into Latin.

"Princess Astrid says that she adores the dress of your lovely wife and thinks you are quite the lucky man," Michalis lied, and the woman that hung off the offending noble just barely managed to not sneer. It was a near enough thing that I saw it anyway.

"Perhaps the princess would care for a drink then? Heavens above, she might be a savage but she is at least easy on the eyes. More than I can say for this one," the noble replied, inclining his head to his wife who evidently didn't speak- no. No, she did. I saw her jaw tighten but she smoothed the action away with a put on ignorant smile.

I had to take a breath to stop myself from smashing the man's head in. I had patience. I did. A great deal of it, but barely an hour into the party and I found it wearing dangerously thin. I looked to Michalis, who seemed to understand the look in my eyes, and he quickly mustered up an excuse to lead us away from the main hall that housed an increasing number of guests.

"You knew it would be like this," I accused Michalis as we stepped into a hall that led to a set of stairs. The railing overlooked the party itself and I could still hear the japes made at my expense. At the expense of my people. At my family.

Michalis had the courtesy to not deny it, at least, "I suspected it when he offered you the invitation. I'm uncertain of it, but I believe he knows about the deal you cut with me as I've found myself on the outs as well. This is how he does things. Under normal circumstances, you would never be able to show your face in court again after such a disgrace." He came to a stop at an open balcony that connected the outer wall with the inner area.

"So, they were a bunch of real bastards then? I figured," Astrid remarked, crossing her arms.

I swallowed a sigh, considering leaving now. There was the sound of applause coming from the party room and I saw that a man that seemed vaguely familiar to me was holding up a newborn baby. I didn't think it was a coincidence that the greeting happened as soon as we stepped away. The sigh that I swallowed still escaped me after a moment of holding it in, finding myself frustrated with the outcome. "I didn't expect to make friends, but I did expect better than this."

This was the wrong approach, I decided. I was trying to blend in with them, but they wouldn't let me. I'm not sure what the correct approach was yet, I just knew that this wasn't working. The people I met here were barely worth meeting and I had little doubt that most of them would turn their backs to me the moment I bailed them out of deep water.

"I-" I began, only to catch a glimpse of movement out of the corner of my eye. A familiar silhouette darting away, doing their best to remain out of sight. My eyes narrowed into slits, "Stay here. Both of you," I instructed, stepping away from them to find who I thought I saw.

Quietly, I marched forward, reaching the end of a long hall, and turning the corner. And I saw her. She was crouched down behind a statue, a piece of parchment in her hands along with a quill that she marked as she peered down into the party. Her focus wasn't so absolute that she was oblivious to her surroundings. Almost as if she sensed me, she looked up…

Morrigan's eyes looked like they were about to fall out of her head when her gaze met mine. It was the first time I saw her so startled. I would have found it funny if it wasn't for the circumstances. "What are you doing here?" I asked, approaching and my heart sank when it looked like Morrigan was about to turn on her heel and flee, like I was a guard to the manor.

"I-" Morrigan cut herself off, as uncertain as I had ever seen her. However, at the very least, she did manage to gather herself. "My intended task. I'm learning who these people are and their web of connections and allegiances." She answered, and I suppose that was the answer to the question, but it wasn't the answer I was looking for. This was our first conversation in the better part of a month and a half. I gave her space. I gave her time.

"You've been avoiding me," I said, the words coming out as an accusation more than I intended. "Why? What did I do?" I asked, taking a step forward and Mortigan cringed, her lips thinning as she looked away. If I didn't know any better I'd say she looked ashamed.

Morrigan's lips thinned, "T'is not the time nor the place to discuss it."

She was still trying to run. "Are you saying you won't avoid me after the party?" I questioned bluntly, and she winced ever so slightly. I had never seen her like this before. It was completely unlike her. The Morrigan I knew was proud to a fault and unapologetic about that fact. And I knew my answer when she looked away sharply. "Morrigan, I'm at my wits end here. I can't fix whatever-"

"Astrid is pregnant," Morrigan interjected and I…

I did not expect that.

I rocked back on my heels and I would have been less shocked if she slapped me. I at least could have seen that coming. "What? H-how-"

"Please don't tell me that I must explain the logistics to you," Morrigan replied dryly, and as much as I had missed her wit, I couldn't say I much appreciated it at the moment. Astrid was pregnant?

"How do you know?" I asked, wrapping my head around it after a moment. It was expected, I suppose. I knew eventually we would have a child, but I never imagined it would be so soon. Then again, given our… well, I suppose it shouldn't be a surprise at all. I should have seen it coming from a mile away.

"This… blessing that you gave me. It revealed the child to me. It was faint at first, but time has proven the bond stronger," Morrigan explained and I nodded slowly. I was going to be a father. I was going to be a father and my child would be raised in this strange land surrounded by enemies. My heart clenched at the idea and I could feel my plans and priorities changing.

Astrid carrying my child changed everything. Crete needed to be secured and I would need far greater land grants than I had planned on asking for. I'd turn the island into a fortress and at the heart of the island would be my child, surrounded by an army and walls taller than mountains. I- well… maybe that might be a bit much, but it seemed reasonable to me.

I wasn't even sure if it was worth staying in the Roman Empire. I wasn't welcomed here. Our people weren't welcome here. It would be better to go back to Norway where the child could be- I was getting distracted.

I forced myself to focus, but it was a struggle. "That doesn't explain why you've been avoiding me, Morrigan. Is it about the blessing itself?"

Her lips pursed, "Partly. I suspected that you were not a normal man, but I had thought the claims of you being a demigod were exaggerations. Now… I am less sure, but that… that is not why I have avoided you," she began, tilting her head as if she were considering me for a moment.

Then she kissed me.

Hard.

There was little lead up to it, and I'm pretty sure that she split my lip from the force of the kiss, her hands cupping my cheeks. It was different from Jill or Astrid -- kisses with Jill were soft. Shy, even. Astrid was passionate and fierce. If I had to describe the short kiss with Mortigan, the only word that came to mind was hungry. Like someone who hasn't eaten all winter and saw a chance to feast. And all too quickly, Morrigan pulled herself back and stepped away from me, her expression telling me that even she was shocked with her boldness.

And, for a moment, we simply stared at one another, both of us feeling the shift in our relationship with the simple kiss. I opened my mouth to say something -- what, I'm not entirely sure, but I was cut off by the sound of a shout. My head whipped around, and with my expanded vision, I saw Morrigan slink away. I felt a rush of frustration that she was still trying to flee, but I was forced to swallow it down. I zeroed in on where the shout came from and it was where I left both Michalis and Astrid.

'Astrid is pregnant.' The words rang in my head like a bell as I rounded the corner again to see the scene. Astrid wore a barely concealed snarl directed at Chares and the man that had been holding the baby. Chares seemed alarmed while the younger man was starting to approach Astrid, one of his cheeks bright red. Michalis seemed panicked and became far more so when he saw me approach.

"Lord Siegfried! Please, there was a slight-" Michalis began as I marched forward, the younger man turning to look at me. He roughly shoved away the hand that Michalis used to keep himself between him and Astrid to take a dangerous step toward me.

Astrid was pregnant.

He said something, but I couldn't hear it over the blood roaring in my ears. I suppose it didn't matter in the end.

I didn't manage to punch every single tooth out of his head with the first hit…

But I'm pretty sure I got them all with the second.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 755 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 8, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Insults Repaid
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 15, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,617
It was a mistake. I knew that much after the first punch. I had let my temper get the better of me. I wasn't quite certain who he was, but I did understand that he was related to Chares in some way, thus making him someone of importance. The only silver lining was that he wasn't nobility, but at this moment, it genuinely wouldn't have mattered if he was and I knew that. His head snapped to the side, blood and shattered teeth erupting from his broken jaw in an arc before I grabbed hold of his tunic.

The first punch had knocked him out. All the same, I punched him with my other hand, knocking out the last of his teeth before I threw him to the ground. He hit with a thump and, for the briefest of moments, the others simply stared at me. So, I was the one to break the silence by grabbing Chares by the throat and pushing him against the railing. "Explain yourself," I snarled at him in Greek. His expression was frantic and his eyes filled with fear.

"L-Lord Seigfried, I-" Michalis began, his voice warbling from the panic he felt.

"The lout grabbed me and I gave him a smack," Astrid answered, holding up a wrist that was red. I don't know who he was, but he had not been gentle. With my wife. My pregnant wife. The thought sent rage through my veins like fire and I hated him. I hated him every bit as much as I did Horrik, and I didn't even know his name. "Couldn't understand a word he was saying, but I understood him well enough. Went to grab me again when you showed up. I was about to lay him flat myself." Of that, I had no doubt.

"My wife. Your kin put hands on my wife," I snarled at Chares, squeezing down on his neck and his face darkened as his eyes watered. I was a hair's breadth from ripping his throat out. "Explain, damn you!" I snarled, pushing harder as his hands frantically tore at my wrist.

Michalis was there a second later, "Lord Siegfried! He can't speak!" Michalis explained, and through the haze of my anger, I suppose that was a fair point. I couldn't fairly expect him to answer my questions when I was strangling him. However, I didn't find myself in a fair mood. Instead, I gnashed my teeth as the rest of the party became aware of the ruckus and the guards started to respond. I'd kill them with my bare hands.

I turned my glare to Michalis in a demand for an explanation and I could see how distressed he was. He was borderline frantic. You'd almost think he was the one I was choking the life out of. Speaking of which, Chares's attempts to dislodge my hand were growing weaker by the second. Michalis licked his lips, "Timon… Timon was quite drunk. He did not welcome your presence, and when you stepped away… he approached Princess Astrid to…" He didn't even have the guts to speak the words.

All the same, he found it fit to beg. "You must release him, Lord Siegfried. He is the head of the merchants alliance. We are already ruined, but if you kill him-"

I heaved and threw Chares to the ground. Unfortunately, it wasn't the ground some dozen feet below, but rather I threw him at my feet. I had to. Simply because if I had to listen to any more then I didn't trust myself enough to not throw him over the balcony. Chares heaved for breath on his hands and knees, sputtering as he gulped down air greedily. I spared a glance at the guards, who leveled spears in my direction. I could already hear the frantic panic from the guests below -- not out of fear.

They wished to see me skewered. Put down like the rabid dog they saw me as. They were panicked that they would miss the next part of the show.

"I was foolish," I said, admitting that much. Michalis seemed vaguely hopeful that I learned my lesson, and I had. "I was a fool to make the effort to pretend to be one of you. To think that I would be welcomed. You wish to be entertained?" I said the words in Greek, addressing the crowd that was gathering in the halls, all of them trying to peek at the display. I turned to Chares and kicked him in the ribs, rolling him over. "I challenge you to a Holmgang. A duel for the insult that has been levied against me. For the assault upon my wife."

Chares managed to gather enough air to sputter in indignation. "The insult against you?! You attacked my brother!" I could see his gaze darting to the guards, but he didn't dare escalate while he was in danger. Because he knew that I would kill him first if this turned into a fight. Coward. His entire bloodline was filled with weak blood -- men who would not insult me to my face. Men who would only approach my wife when I was not there. Men who were incapable of getting their own hands dirty with the blood of their enemies.

"I will allow you to name your champion and he can be supported by all the guards in this manor," I continued in Greek, and I saw that catch his attention. His face wasn't just red from lack of air but fury now, and yet he was still smart enough to spot the opportunity. And still foolish enough to leap on it.

These people did not know me. They did not know my skill in arms. All they heard were stories about my army in Greece. Without a doubt in my mind, I knew that they simply thought me an overconfident barbarian.

That would change. If I would not be welcomed into the fold, then I would simply stand out to the point that I could not be ignored. I would not honor their social graces until they showed me courtesy. And this would merely be the first example of why they should tread carefully.

"I accept your challenge!" A younger voice rang out, pushing through the crowd. And now I saw why the nithing seemed so familiar -- he was the father of one of my classmates. The one that sat beside me on the very first day. I never even bothered to learn his name. Though, I suppose he was the reason I was here in the first place -- he would be the one that had a child. "I knew it was a mistake to allow you within the Empire. The fall of the west proved welcoming barbarians into our homes is the same as welcoming poison."

I smiled, "The duel will be to the death. Is there a place you wish to die?" I asked him and I saw it. My confidence didn't shake him. His gaze held nothing but contempt. I would have thought him a capable warrior, but his arms were too thin, and he lacked callouses on his hands. He wasn't a warrior - he simply didn't think he was going to die.

"Agreed. Don't allow him out of your sights. I don't trust him to not attack with our backs turned," he continued in Latin, addressing the guards.

Astrid, however, was all smiles. "I thought this party was going to be boring. I feel bad though. I think Jill's going to cry. She was really looking forward to this, you know?" Astrid said, completely oblivious to the looks that we received.

Michalis looked as if his life were flashing before his eyes, "You've ruined me." He accused in the faintest of whispers as I followed the walking Deadman, some of the guards picking Chares up. "I will never recover from this. My name will be forever tainted for being associated with you."

"It already was," I dismissed him gruffly, in no mood to entertain his whining. Astrid was right -- Jill would be rather cross with me. I would have to find a way to make it up to her. To my curt response, Michalis fell silent as he lamented ever meeting me, most likely. I expected that his tune would change soon enough.

The manor was buzzing with activity and excitement. All of the guests were eager to see me put down. It was a shame that I couldn't simply kill them all, but I would see them ruined. All of them. No one would insult me to my face in the most cowardly way I could imagine and enjoy good fortune after. The Deadman led us to the gardens where a rough two dozen guards gathered up. The crowd gathered around a central area, which marked out a rough circle for us to fight in.

Chares had recovered well enough, though I noticed that dark bruises were gathering on his neck. Good. Let them be a reminder. Next to him was someone else, who leaned in while Chares whispered. It seemed he could barely talk now that the swelling started. Good. The man shouted out, "In the eyes of God and the Emperor, do all in attendance acknowledge that they are witnesses in this duel? That to lie about the outcome is to damn one's soul to hell?"

I was thankful for the reminder as the crowd gave their agreement. They said as much to the crowd to convince them to not try to say that I was murdered. After all, a duel against a champion and guards was hardly a duel to them. Now I had to worry less about them lying to say that I murdered the guards and the champion. It was rather convenient of them.

"Do both parties acknowledge the terms of this duel -- Siegfried shall battle against the combined might of Nico and the villa guards. That this duel shall be to the death of one party with the victor restoring their honor?" So that's what his name was.

"I do," Nico said from in front of the guards, taking a spear and shield from a servant. He glared at me with dark eyes, but I simply accepted a hand axe from Astrid, which she seemed to have had strapped to her thigh under her dress. It was smaller than I was used to, but with an experimental flip, I caught it easily.

How many official duels have I fought in now? Just the one? I almost couldn't remember.

"I do," I agreed and the servant raised his hand. And then it fell.

And men died.

The first five were dead before they really realized that the fight has begun. Another two died as they watched on in terror as I cut through them like a scythe through wheat. Four more died as they backed up, frightened by the onslaught of death as near half their number died in as many breaths. I knew exactly the effect I had on the enemy by now. I knew how to break them.

These men were not warriors. They were not soldiers. They were men that took pay to deter violence rather than to do violence.

By the time I killed the tenth, the small axe has broken under my strength, but I cared little. By that time I had a surplus of options and had all but scattered their formation, so I tore into them with whatever I had on hand. Some managed to survive with broken limbs, others would die of their wounds in short order. The crowd that had been eager to see my death now watched on in horror as I butchered their guards. Their only line of defense.

Some understood that better than others because some in the crowd outright fled out of fear I would turn to them when the guards were done. Others fainted at the sight of such visceral death -- being pampered rich folk that never saw what real death was. By the end of it, some of the guards threw down their weapons and surrendered. At that point, the only one that was cheering was Astrid.

The very last one was Nico, who was rooted on the spot in fear. His legs trembled as it dawned on him who he faced. His prior confidence gone like fog under the morning sun, simply dissipating until he was left with naught but the consequences of his actions. And he couldn't even move, much less fight back. I don't think he even had the courage to run.

"S-spare him!" Chares cried out in a raspy voice, his expression completely bloodless. "Please, I beg of you! Spare him! He has not wronged you!" He said, dropping to his knees and clasping his before him. He was begging openly, and I had to admit that he was right.

Nico's greatest crime against me was his malicious mutterings behind my back. He, personally, hadn't wronged me.

Perhaps, another time, I would be far more considerate of that fact.

"No," I replied in Greek, kicking out at Nico's knee and shattering it under my heel. He didn't even have time to register the pain before I grabbed him by the head as he began to fall. Twisting sharply, I snapped his neck, a loud crack filling the air.

This was not the time for mercy. Not the time nor the place.

None of this would be forgiven. Even if I spared Nico, Chares would not show any gratitude. More than that, sparing him would display weakness. That I would hesitate. That I could be reasoned with after the indignities that Astrid suffered.

Chares let out a wretched horrified scream and I grit my teeth to it. Grabbing Nico's head, I twisted again. Flesh ripped and veins popped, and with a third and final twist, I was able to rip his head free. I looked to Chares, a snarl on my face as Nico's corpse fell to the ground. I made sure he saw what came next as I shoved Nico's face into his own ass and left it there. Chares could only weep, and there was no cheering for my victory.

I didn't expect any.

"Take greater care who you insult. I am a barbarian, as you put it. I might lash out," I spat in Chares' direction as Astrid approached, kissing me passionately despite the blood splattered on my face. Her honor had been defended.

We left the party then, a stunned Michalis in tow.

…

I was correct. Jill was rather mad. However, she wasn't surprised, and I didn't know if I should feel offended by that or not.

"It was a possibility," Jill admitted once I was back at the compound in Constantinople some hours later. Enough time for me to cool down and start to regret my shortsighted actions. I wasn't wrong for what I did. However, I also wasn't blind to the fact that there would be repercussions. "I'm sorry. I didn't think it would be that bad. They should have at least observed basic manners." Jill said, looking to Astrid, who had been all smiles on the way back. She, at least, was pleased with the outcome.

"These people will not accept us," I told her, leaning into my seat in the war room. Even after my blood had cooled, that conclusion hadn't changed. "So long as we are not Christian, they will tolerate us at most." A bitter truth, but one that we must accept. Perhaps things would be different if I was willing to pretend to be Christian, but I wasn't. I wasn't any more than any of these people were willing to pretend to be a pagan.

Jill offered a slow nod, "I hadn't prepared for this possibility, but I did plan for being unable to make connections. Chares holds a great deal of sway with the merchants of the city, and beyond. I would expect we will find it quite difficult to trade within the Empire, and there will be a considerable mark up for our purchases." She began, her eyes flickering to Michalis, who sat at the far end of the table. He had managed to calm down some, but I could still see that he was shaken. True Vision didn't mark him as an enemy, but I did get the impression that he was reconsidering his choices.

"Michalis," Jill began, breaking him from his thoughts. "You will use your connections as proxies. Chares has become our enemy, thus it's in our interest to see that he is removed from power entirely." That caught his attention and he hesitated. Tellingly.

"That will be much easier said than done. Chares' family, what's left of it, has had a tight grip on the merchants alliance for more than two generations." Michalis explained, and I had a rough idea of this so-called alliance after dealing with them myself. They were a loose coalition of wealthy merchants that made beneficial deals with each other -- sabotaging other merchants in the city so that another member could sell for a higher price without competition, or recommending a member of the alliance over someone that wasn't.

There wasn't an official structure as far as I could see, but some members were clearly more influential than others with Chares being the most influential of them all. Merchants like Michalis essentially worked for one of the influential members, borrowing their connections for a portion of their income and being sent wherever their leader sent them to purchase or sell goods.

"The longer someone stands at the top, the more others wish to see him toppled," I ventured. My lessons with Alexios taught me as much, and my own experiences proved it.

Michalis inclined his head to me, "Of course, but in this business it is next to impossible to know who his friends and who his enemies are. Most often they are one in the same." To that, I suppressed a smile. It would be difficult, unless you had someone that could see the connections between people as if they were tangible things.

"We can handle that," Jill replied, having the same thought that I did based on her slight smile. "Your part in this is to connect with the allies we direct you to, and act on the information that we give you. By the end of this… I expect that you will find yourself filling Chares' shoes." She continued, appealing to his greed. And I saw that it had a great effect.

"And naturally, I would be thankful to those who aided my ascension," Michalis replied, seeing the game that Jill was playing. She was certainly better at it than me. And I very much liked the idea of supplanting Chares, not only because of the wealth it would bring -- better prices on both what I purchased and what I sold -- but because it would see him brought low by those he dismissed.

With that, Michalis stood up. "I think it would be best for me to depart… and perhaps it would be best to pretend we did not part on the best of terms. I am thankful for your help in this, but…" He trailed off, looking at me with some reluctance.

"We will contact you discretely," I replied bluntly. What I intended to do was good for me, but it was not good for him. At least, not until I established myself. Likely after I conquered Crete.

Michalis bowed his head, taking that as the dismissal as it was and the doors closed behind him. As soon as he was gone, I looked to Jill. "I'm sorry," I offered, knowing that this was less than ideal for her.

I could tell that Jill was upset, but she swallowed it down. "The situation isn't ideal," she admitted. "A lot of my plans anticipated us managing to blend in to a degree. While the duel was lawful, I expect that the tales they will spin will portray it as anything but. However," her eyes narrowed at me. "I did expect you to have more self control. You did the right thing, but there are better ways to have done it."

My lips thinned as I leaned forward, "I saw Morrigan at the party." I said, and Jill didn't seem surprised. "You sent her?"

"She told me that she was going," Jill corrected.

I suppose that explained that. "She told me that Astrid is pregnant," I told her and that did get a reaction out of Jill with her eyes widening. "And that she-"

"Has feelings for you," Jill interjected, making my eyes narrow. Had she- "Siegfried, I thought Morrigan was the last to realize it. But it seems you were if that comes as a surprise to you." To that I scowled -- Jill had been spending too much time with Morrigan and Astrid. "She told me, but it was up to her to say something to you."

I let out a sigh, feeling drained after a long night. "This changes things," I told her and Jill offered a small nod.

"Less than you think. Morrigan doesn't believe in marriage," Jill remarked offhandedly. "Though, I imagine she would be quite offended if you called her a concubine." I could see that too easily. None of the women in my life could be called simple.

I looked at Jill for a long moment, searching her expression to see how she felt. If she was jealous or angry, she hid it exceptionally well. "What about you?" I asked her, and that seemed to catch her off guard ever so slightly.

"Me?" Jill echoed, as if she wasn't certain what I meant. Or to buy herself a moment to think because she seemed to know exactly what I meant after a moment. "It… seemed unwise for us to be married while we were here. The Christians would not acknowledge it and it would be a point of contention. They would be far more comfortable dealing with a… mistress rather than a second wife. The former, they can at least understand."

I could see where she was coming from. The Christians were rather… prudish, if I had to call it something. Would it not be better in their eyes to be married than to have a second or third lover? One would think so, but evidently not. "It seems like a moot point now," I ventured. "I will not pretend to be one of them. We will never be anything but outsiders to them."

Jill's lips started to tug upwards into a smile, "When?" She asked, and I fought off my own smile. I had waited entirely too long for this, I realized in hindsight. I should have married Jill before we set sail. Perhaps it wouldn't have been courteous to Astrid's family, but I had made Jill wait entirely too long. And one of those things was far more forgivable than the other.

I gave it a moment of thought, tempted to say here and now. But, I knew that she would not accept such a thing. Not anymore. "On Crete. After we establish ourselves there and have lands to hold it on," I decided and Jill's smile grew until it all but consumed her face. It would be a few more months, perhaps sooner, now that I had complicated things for us.

"I look forward to it," Jill said, her joy seeping out despite trying to keep it in check. "But, before you do anything, you should speak to Morrigan. You'll likely have to corner her at this point." She remarked, and that was likely true. Morrigan had stunned me before with back to back revelations, and I needed to speak to her about it. I needed to know how we moved forward because I couldn't stand the current circumstances. "And I," Jill continued, standing up, "Will check with Astrid to see if she knows she's pregnant. I wouldn't put it past her to simply think that she's late."

I nodded as we both stood up, heading for the door. But, before we parted, Jill reached out to brush her hand against mine, her gaze tender before we walked in separate directions.

Things were going to change. I was going to be a father. I was going to have a sea of enemies and I couldn't simply kill them on a field… I was in every bit as much danger as I had been in Francia. Perhaps more, since then I could at least kill my enemies.

Yet, all the same, in this moment I couldn't help but feel like everything was going to be okay.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 854 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 15, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Byzantine Politics
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 29, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,676
"Ah, so I'm out of the fight then?" Was Astrid's rather lackluster response to learning that she was pregnant. She looked down at her stomach with an expression of mild annoyance, but didn't exactly seem displeased with the news. "Well, I suppose it was only a matter of time. Honestly, the only shocking thing about this was that it took so long."

"That, and you didn't realize," Morrigan remarked dryly, her arms crossed as she lounged in one of the seats in the room -- in Rome, there were several rooms dedicated to presentation, it felt like. Back home, all business was conducted in the main hall if you wanted to impress someone. It carried an air of authority. If impressing the guest wasn't the goal, then a quiet conversation in a private room or a walk along the shore would be a suitable alternative.

The Roman villa had both a main hall that carried a certain kind of grandeur, while also having rooms that were lavishly decorated for the sake of private conversations. We sat in one such room now, and I had to admit, it was rather nice to be in a room with Morrigan again without her fleeing like a drowned cat. The long couches were soft and arranged around a hearth, the stone walls painted and decorated. Little by little during my stay, I found the rooms filling up with lavish goods -- wines, pottery, and tapestries.

"That too, I guess," Astrid made no apology beyond a lopsided shrug. Despite myself, I chuckled at her attitude. How I found out was less than ideal, but I found myself excited at the prospect. I would be a father. Would it be a boy? A girl?

Would the child be like me? Would the gods take notice of him because of the blood that flowed through his veins? The prospect was exciting and terrifying in equal measures -- before, I would have been certain that the gods favor for my child could only mean good things, but the gods favor brought as much danger as it did rewards. It would be up to me -- Astrid, too -- to shape the child from an infant into a person that could overcome the gods' challenges.

It was different. Very different. I think I understood my father better now. Way back, years ago, when he feared me enough that he brought me to Flemeth, what had been going through his head when he looked at me? The youngest of his sons and by far the oddest of the bunch?

"You will have to sit out the invasion of Crete," I confirmed, earning a heaving sigh but no protest. Not even Astrid was hard headed enough to fight while carrying a child. My child. My first born. The thought sent a shiver down my spine and despite the serious conversation, I found myself fighting a smile off my face.

"Fine," Astrid agreed, resting a hand on her stomach as she kicked her feet up on a carved table. "When are we going? Sooner seems better than later in this case. I imagined we rustled some feathers." She remarked, casting a look at Jill, who offered a thin, slightly pained, smile in response.

"The effects have been rather… immediate," Jill agreed. It was only the next day after the party and the duel, but Chares wasted no time making his wrath known. "Within the city, we have essentially become outcasts. The merchant alliance has issued a notice that any trade with us is forbidden, and I expect that message will be sent well outside of Constantinople. Naturally, that is just for the Merchant Alliance affiliated traders, but most will obey because they would rather risk our displeasure than Chares'."

"Most?" I questioned, finding myself less than pleased with the consequences of my actions. I had interrupted the flow of trade. I didn't regret what I did, and I wasn't surprised with the result, but I could and did find it rather annoying. I had been relying on trade to gain Stewardship experience and wealth to pay my troops. As it turned out, Jill had been right to chastise me for my spending at the university because our savings weren't as… robust as they otherwise might be.

"There are countering influences that we can deal with. It's too early to tell at the moment. Michalis was expelled from the Merchant Alliance this morning, unsurprisingly, and he will explore those options for us," Jill continued, letting out a small breath.

I felt a pang of guilt, "Sorry." I felt like I would be apologizing for this for some time.

Jill waved off the apology. "Astrid is right. It would be best to conquer Crete sooner rather than later -- gossip is already beginning to spread, and it won't be long before the tale is unrecognizable and paints you in a terrible light. Scattering the pirates will put us in a position to be wooed by local merchants, and lessen the impact the rumors might otherwise have." Jill continued in a calm voice, and I found myself rather curious what exactly my mother taught her during our stay in Norway. She was proving to be rather good at this.

I wasn't the only one who noticed either. "Lovely. You're finally starting to use that meat between your ears," Morrigan remarked, and that was about the closest thing I had ever heard to a compliment coming from her. Jill offered a slight smile, allowing herself a moment to bask in the praise.

Then the smile fell, "How close are we to actually launching the invasion?"

"I sent runners to collect the merchant fleet and I will meet with an official today," I told them. Meaning, at most, it would be a week before we were at full force. It might also be worth considering hiring some mercenaries to pad out the numbers, and to take the brunt of the losses. Widukind taught me that trick. As a hired mercenary, I found it unsavory, but now that my army was the one at risk… well, I had a very different perspective on it.

"And if they don't give us what we want?" Morrigan questioned. That was a very real possibility. Chares wasn't nobility and, under normal circumstances we hadn't broken any laws. The duel was sanctioned and acknowledged by both parties. But, that was on the assumption that we would be dealt with fairly. Given that Chares had connections amongst the nobility along with nearly every prior experience I've had with them so far, that seemed unlikely. It just came down to who the Empire wanted to use more -- me and my army, or the Merchant Alliance.

"We take the territory around the mouth of the Dnieper River," I answered. Honestly, it would be worth doing anyway as it gave us a direct connection to our homeland, and an easy exit if the need ever came. We would be more removed from the Empire than I would like, but it was still workable. The greatest draw of Crete was the Abbasids -- their merchant vessels, in particular. "The Romans have no claim to it, and we would take it in our name so they would have no say."

And if the very worst came to pass, we could look to the Bulgarians as a local ally.

"When will you speak to an official?" Jill asked, and part of me wanted to wait until they came to me so I would at least know what I'm dealing with. Say, for example, if they came with armed guards and a warrant for my arrest. More than that, going to them weakened my position.

All the same, I don't think I could afford to wait. "Now," I decided, standing up. "Best to get it over with so we can start making plans either way," I reasoned. Jill nodded in agreement, and Astrid began to rise, intent on coming with me, but I held her off with a wave of my hand. "It is best if I go alone. Perhaps with a few guards, at most. We have no friends in this city, and last night was a lesson about accepting their hospitality too easily."

Astrid's expression twisted, and I could see that she wanted to go. But, whatever words she might have said, she swallowed them down. "Fine. You're right. I'll see to it that we're ready to make a hasty escape if they decide to do something stupid." I was glad she wasn't fighting me on this.

With that, I left the room to them making plans. Stepping out of the building, I didn't see any particular change in the Roman guards that were posted around our area, even if they did seem more tense than usual. True Sight marked them as gray, meaning at the very least, they weren't enemies. Though, I could almost sense their fear when I began to approach a pair of them.

"I need to speak to an official in regards to my contract with the Emperor. My warriors have loitered long enough," I told them, speaking Greek.

"I- I'll see to it that the message is delivered, Lord Siegfried!" The soldier yelped out before all but running down the road where our official 'liaison' would be located. That was a reaction I was more used to experiencing. It also told me that word of my duel had already spread throughout the city. My gaze flickered to the remaining guard, who pointedly didn't look in my direction. However, he trembled ever so slightly.

Good. Let the Romans be afraid. Maybe they would watch their manners in the future.

With a dismissive scoff, I walked back to the docks and got involved with the loading and unloading. Busying myself before a meeting I didn't want to have. The distraction worked, but not for very long -- not because my mind wandered but because the response was fast incoming.

Pausing my work, I looked over to see a small group of people were coming down the main road. The people parting for them, revealing a handful of guards that flanked around a self important looking man. Though, I'm not sure he was truly a man -- his face seemed… feminine, even if he did have a thin mustache and goatee. Though, even that was hard to notice with the robes and the odd triangle shaped hat that he wore.

Dusting my hands off, I approached them. The feminine man took a step forward and did an odd looking bow to me. "To Lord Siegfried, Aetios has seen fit to address you concerns and has requested that you meet him, post haste." The man said, taking a step back as he eyed me much like one would if you found a snake in a bush.

Aetios. I hadn't heard from him since we made that deal. A rather unnecessary one in hindsight, but one I benefited from. I didn't know enough about the local politics, but I did know he was someone of some importance. I had hoped my request for a meeting would have been answered by the Emperor -- or, in all practicality, his mother -- but that hadn't seemed likely.

I rested a hand on the hilt of my sword and I didn't fail to notice how all of the guards stiffened. True Vision marked them all gray. They weren't enemies, at least. "Very well then. Lead me to him," I instructed. Unlike all the times before, I felt more confident as I strode forward into a dangerous meeting. It wasn't thar I was any more skilled with words than I had been before. It was simply because I was no longer pretending to be someone I wasn't. I wasn't pretending to be one of them.

The trek wasn't a particularly long one, and it could have just been my imagination, but it felt like there were more eyes on me than usual. The unnamed guards and official led me to the upper districts of the city, to a lavishly decorated building. It wasn't the palace, but it served some government utility I reasoned. The interior was lesser than the palace as well, and I was glad that I was desensitized to the obscene wealth on display.

After a rather silent journey, I was led to a door that was opened for me. There, standing near a balcony, was Aetios. He appeared as he ever did, wearing a small smile as he greeted me. I didn't return the smile but I did take the seat that he offered as he sat on his own across from me.

"Greetings, Lord Siegfried. I hope that you have found our glorious Empire to be everything that you hoped it would be," he began, his tone smooth and polite. Not a hint of any tension in his words or his posture -- any onlookers could be forgiven for thinking that this was merely a meeting between friends.

I had a sharp retort on my tongue, but I swallowed it down. I wouldn't try to blend in with these people, but that wasn't an excuse to be openly rude. "For the most part, it has. Your libraries and university are most impressive," I told him because that was the only genuine praise I was willing to give the Romans at the moment. The truth of the matter was the worst part of the Roman Empire, by far, had been the Romans themselves.

Aetios' smile seemed genuine, "You are perhaps the first to turn to them as a thing to praise above all others." He remarked, and that sounded like an insult wrapped in a dress. "I must say, you aren't anything like the court has expected. There has rarely been a day at court where your name hasn't been mentioned." That sounded like empty flattery to bring up what he wanted to speak about.

"More so since last night, I imagine," I remarked idly, opening the door for him. I wasn't sure how I felt about Aetios. He hadn't necessarily wronged me, but he did deceive me. Knowing what I knew now, I saw the ridiculous price he put on a mere merchant pass and trading rights. However, that ridiculous price was telling. Why exactly had he sent me and an army of two thousand to conquer Greece?

Why had Irene been so surprised to learn of my price?

"You would imagine correctly," Aetios confessed, making no secret of it. "The tale has already reached His Imperial Majesty's ears, but I would hear this tale from you. Is it true that you ripped apart a man limb from limb with nothing more than your hands?" He questioned, and now his words had an unusual focus to them.

"No," I told him, and I could immediately see his hopes start to fall. Interesting. I think I was starting to see why he wanted to meet me like this. "I only ripped off his head."

Aetios' eyebrows shot up at that, "His head?"

"It's not as difficult as you are imagining. It's no more difficult than taking the head off of a chicken," I continued. "Placing his head against his own ass is a rather grave insult in my culture. It is rather difficult to impress the gods when the last thing you experienced in this realm was your own foul stench." I elaborated, my tone ambivalent.

I was not a normal man. Normal men couldn't do what I do. I would use that here and now to thumb the scales in my favor.

"And the guards? You did not fly into a rage and kill them all?" Aetios prompted and I tilted my head. Is that what was being said?

"I killed them, but it was during the duel. To give him a sporting chance," I answered, making Aetios seem thoughtful as he leaned back in his seat. A finger tapped on the arm rest as he refunded me carefully.

"Before your arrival, there were tales of the war in Francia. The court delighted in that upstart Charlemagne's failures. The tales were all outlandish, of course. A wolf turned man leading an army that took city after city, some even said that it was a demon from hell that led the pagans to sacking and raising every church in Francia." Aetios began, searching my expression. I gave him nothing. The stories had a kernel of truth to them -- I had taken a number of cities, and I had raided a number of churches. "Few believed them, and a turn of the season later, few care to listen to the stories. Fewer still have made the connection that I did when you reached our shores."

Ah. I see. That explained it, didn't it? "Greece was a test then?" I ventured, suddenly feeling a great deal more comfortable. I knew how to handle this now.

"It was," Aetios confessed. "One that you passed well beyond my expectations. And now you seek to do what you did to Greece to Crete," he continued and, with that, I suddenly felt a lot less comfortable. Simply put, he shouldn't know that. Only a handful of people should know that. Did he have a spy? Had my movements been so watched that he could guess my intentions?

He left the statement hanging in the air, giving me a moment to consider how to reply. It could just be a guess and I could confirm it. But, if it wasn't and I lied… "I do," I decided, making Aetios' lips quirk up in a thin smile.

"I understand that you've had trouble purchasing property within the Empire," he continued, and I decided he was entirely too well informed. However, I could hear the offer in his voice.

"I have," I confirmed shortly.

"Then I propose an arrangement," Aetios began, as I knew he would. "I have it in my power to put forth a task -- that a fortress must be built on Crete, and you will be in charge of its construction. The land will be yours to do with as you see fit, and all materials will be billed to the Empire's treasury rather than your own purse." That more or less sounded like exactly what I wanted. Especially when I had been prepared to take that cost. "An anti-piracy measure. And to act as a staging ground for potential invasions into the Abbasids. I have little doubt that the proposal will be accepted."

So, I got what I wanted, more or less. "And in return?" I questioned, making Aetios smile broadly.

"You accept the help of Strategos Tatzates," Aetios answered, and I fought off a frown. While the seemingly endless titles of court were tedious and bothersome to learn, I did know that title. A Strategos was akin to a Duke or a Jarl -- someone in charge of the military and administration of a territory. There were less than twenty of them in the Empire, to my knowledge, which made them easy to remember. Tatzates was the Strategos for a large swath of Anatolia, sharing a border with the Abbasids.

I didn't trust the offer in the slightest. "To what end?" I questioned -- it was far too simple. I would get what I wanted, and I only had to do something that I was going to do anyway? There was no cost there, and dealing with these Romans had taught me that there was always a cost involved.

"To no end," Aetios answered for a moment, holding his smile a second longer before it fell. "You seem to be a very direct man, so allow me to extend the same courtesy -- your successes will never be acknowledged in public court. You are not Roman, and you are a pagan. However, I am not blind to your abilities or talents. I wish to make use of them. In this case, your victories will be Tatzates's victories."

Ah. I see. That was… disagreeable, I initially decided. To steal glory, to claim the valor of another's deeds was… shameful. Honorless. However, it wasn't my honor that was being besmirched by such a cowardly thing.

And in the end, it got me what I wanted.

"Very well," I agreed, and I seemed to surprise Aetios with how easily I did so. It was my turn to offer him a thin smile, "Great deeds are only precious in their rarity."

The message was clear -- Tatzates could have my scraps.

"I'm overjoyed we could come to an understanding," Aetios replied and I clasped his forearm as I stood up, the deal being made. It was as I turned away from him that my smile slipped away. Not once had he lied to me. As far as I could tell, he was being honest and even True Vision marked him as gray.

Yet, all the same, I left the room feeling like I had been played.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 776 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 29, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Pawns
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 6, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,723
Strategos Tatzates was the leader of the Bucellarian Theme of the Roman Empire. Which faced against the Black Sea, making his involvement in my taking of Crete rather unusual. His domain was on the other side of Anatolia, and I saw little merit in him providing any kind of support. Its lands weren't affected, or if they were, it wouldn't be a pressing problem. Not like it would be for the Thracian and Cibyrrhaeot Themes, which were just off Crete's coast.

"Fifty ships," Hoffer remarked, standing at my side as we overlooked their arrival. They were the Roman style of ship -- triremes, I had heard them called. They were much larger than our longships, wider, and overall much slower. It had taken three days for them to arrive after we received word that they had set sail. "It's not much of a fleet," he added.

Honestly, it was a token force in comparison to what Strategos Tatzates could muster.

Strategos Tatzates had no expectations that we would succeed and he sent the bare minimum to say that he had participated in the fighting of pirates, yet not enough to suffer any significant setback if we did fail. It was… annoying, but also expected. In a way, it worked to my benefit. With a token force, I would remain in command and we wouldn't be overly slowed with the Roman trireme ships, which were practically snails in comparison to our longships.

As for Strategos Tatzates himself, I saw him standing on the bow of the flagship. He was a man in his mid forties, if I had to guess. Dark black hair and a bushy beard, his skin holding a natural tanned hue, he stood out with how ornately he was dressed. His fleet of fifty ships sat out in the harbor, floating in the water, as they waited for us to disembark. He made no effort to contact us to discuss plans beyond what had been in the letter that announced that he had set sail.

An insult, I knew. But one I was happy to accept if it gave me control over where we battled. I couldn't claim to control his half of the combined fleet, and I had little in the way of expectation that he would muster a fight on our behalf if we were in a dire situation, but it gave me freedom of movement. Strategos Tatzates was simply here to reach his hand into my pocket and steal my glory, not to earn any himself.

"They will act as our minders. In case we decide to sack Roman cities," I ventured, overlooking the docks that were bustling with activity. It had taken four days for my fleet to gather up, and another three for Strategos Tatzates' fleet to arrive. And that was enough time for Chares to spread his influence. We might have merchant rights, but in the past few days, we found that we were thoroughly unwelcome in Constantinople's markets. "Tatzates seeks to expand his influence with us in some way."

"Michael Lachanodrakon is his rival, is he not?" Hoffer prompted as I took a deep breath of salty air as the mist of early morning hung low to the waters. "Two Jarls can't share a border without getting into a pissing contest. By clearing out a pirate nest on his border for him… he makes Michael look weak." That was true. I hadn't realized it, but I was surrounded by a number of nobility even if, technically speaking, I wasn't. Their insight into such matters was valuable.

Still, the answer didn't satisfy me. This was… this was more than just biting your thumb at an enemy. There were a thousand and one safer ways you could accomplish the same task. It could just be that he was taking advantage of the situation, but I just didn't believe that answer. Tatzates was seeking influence and glory, even if he had to steal it, and for what? Glory alone couldn't be the goal. Nothing was that simple with these Romans.

A horn blast caught my attention -- a signal that my near hundred ships were fully loaded and now we were just waiting to set sail. My gaze slid to the fifty ships and the Romans that manned them -- a few of them were rather odd. Mounted on the bow was a dragon's head that was attached to an odd contraption. True Vision turned the world gray, and standing on the bow of the ship was the captain.

He was marked red.

I wanted to sigh as soon as I saw it. It was like these Romans weren't satisfied until they made something simple become overwhelmingly complicated and utterly exhausting. The captain himself was the only one marked red, but I knew that the ones marked with gray would follow his orders. The only consolation was the fact that Strategos Tatzates was marked gray, meaning that while he wasn't on our side, he wasn't an enemy. The captain wouldn't act on his own behalf, but in the right moment… he could do some damage if given the right opportunity.

"Give the Romans a wide berth," I instructed, turning away from the captain that openly looked up at me.

"They intend to betray us?" Hoffer asked, sounding alarmed.

I shrugged as I began to head down to the ships. "Perhaps. It's more likely to me that they'll forget who is an ally and who is a foe during the heat of battle," I replied. An attack of opportunity. That's what it would be.

The docks were bustling with activity -- we were abandoning the mercenary quarters entirely. There was no point in leaving anyone behind as Crete would become our base of operations. To that end, we dedicated a handful of ships towards more civilian concerns which Morrigan, Jill, and Astrid were on.

Leaving me alone as I got on the flagship while Hoffer got onto his. Grabbing an offered horn, I blew the signal for the sails to lower and my ship went out first into the misty bay. Heading to the bow, I took a seat and opened my bag of scrolls. There were a good dozen, but it felt dreadfully light as I unfurled a copy to begin reading another scroll about Alexander the Great. This one, however, was a little different and the only reason I was touching it was due to Alexios' recommendation.

He had said 'You only get one side of the story if you only listen to one side of the argument.' A compelling argument.

Unlike everything else I had read on the man, this scroll was a critique of Alexander the Great. A rather harsh one as well. More than once, I felt the temptation to simply toss the scroll overboard, but I refrained simply because I knew that Alexios would be disappointed. It at least acknowledged his brilliance as a military commander, but even that was lambasted by criticisms dictating the number of times he survived through dumb luck.

Something that I didn't agree with. Alexander's story was one I knew by heart now -- a son of a god, a peerless military commander that conquered a huge swath of the world. And each time the Norns had nearly cut the thread of his life short, he managed to survive until he finally died back in his homeland after his journey had ended. It… sounded a little too familiar to my ears.

Alexander the Great had been blessed by his gods. I was nearly certain of it. I'm sure that the scrolls and histories were missing details, just as those that spoke of my exploits missed or exaggerated plenty.

Yet, the scroll ruthlessly pointed out his shortcomings that were also all too familiar to me. Because I saw the same shortcomings in myself. I was a poor diplomat. I wasn't particularly adept at intrigue either, even if I was getting good at recognizing the plots of others. The scroll tapped into a fear that I had. The fear that drove me all the way to Constantinople.

The fear that the moment I died, everything that I had accomplished would shatter to pieces. A nation could not be built around a single man, the scroll claimed. No matter how great. Once they were gone, their lessers would try to fill the void… and in doing so, the foundations would crumble like sand in the face of a rising tide.

And as we set sail to Crete, due to my own actions and short temper…

That fear loomed ever larger.

…

The island of Crete was a beautiful one, I reflected as we sailed closer. Hoffer took most of the fleet and began to break off as my remainder sailed towards a village that had settled on one of the few natural harbors of the island. The waters around Crete were a rich blue, and I saw that the island was comprised mostly of rolling hills that were covered in sparse shrubbery. The soil seemed rocky and poor, though I had heard fine things about the vineyards and oils of Crete, so perhaps the soil improved further inland.

The island itself was an odd hundred and fifty miles across. Making it rather sizable. As much as I would like to patrol the entire shoreline, that was functionally impossible. At least with our current numbers.

Our destination itself was one of three notable settlements on the island -- Chania was an official Roman settlement, which we sailed by after dropping off some men. It numbered around a thousand odd people officially, according to the information that Athrun had provided us. A week was enough time for my scouts to not only arrive on the island, but to get a lay of the land and point us in the direction that we needed to go. The destination we were on our way to was one of two settlements that sprung up over the years.

And by years, I meant the past century.

On the other side of the island was a Muslim settlement -- one that was widely considered an Abbasid colony by the locals. They weren't officially, but the Abbasids treated the 'pirate' colony as if it was their settlement. The other settlement was the one that we were heading to. It was a true pirate haven, according to Athrun. An odd hundred miles down the coast from Chania, it boasted an unstable population of around a thousand. It was a popular spot for pirates and merchants alike, the two were essentially interchangeable there, which is likely why the problem has gotten completely out of hand.

It was only a problem if others saw it as a problem.

It was our target. Attacking the Muslims, as of right now, would complicate things. But for the pirates it was open season. Not to mention, it was far easier, as the Muslim settlement was more unified. The pirates… they were just rats in a hole that we needed to smoke out.

"Our arrival hasn't gone unnoticed," Thorkel remarked to me, standing next to me on the bow of my flagship. The pirate haven was a sloppily made settlement, I saw from our approach, made sluggish due to the Roman ships. It was built on a natural harbor, one of the few I had noticed on Crete. A gentle change between the ocean, the beach, and solid land -- around the beach was a sandbar that was barely submerged with only one point of easy access. With a lower tide, the sandbar would be a good barrier. Even with the high tide, I knew the Roman ships wouldn't be able to sail over it. Not like my longships could.

"They're looking the wrong way," I agreed. The pirates weren't unified in the slightest. I did hear that they had their own system of government, with the top crews establishing an uneasy alliance, but it did little for the vast majority of them. I saw them scrambling for their ships, eager to escape the oncoming attack. Some had even managed to set sail and were heading out as fast as the wind could carry them.

Hoffer was in command of his half of my divided fleet, and he proved his experience quickly. I heard him blast a horn a few times before a handful of his ships broke off in pursuit of the pirates trying to escape. Our longships were faster by nearly a third, so I had little doubt that the ships would be caught. And it was worth catching them, I thought, as my longships sailed over the sandbar easily, entering the harbor.

We would crush the bulk of the pirates here, but we wouldn't catch all of them. The ones that were already out somewhere would hear about the attack and weren't likely to return. Which meant that they would continue to plague the Mediterranean Sea and, more importantly, that they could attack my ships.

Thorkel chuckled as he passed the horn to me and I brought it to my lips as we held our position in the harbor. Of my seventy ships, twenty were reserved for noncombatants and the remaining twenty five were split between me and Hoffer. The twenty stayed behind, giving the harbor and the Romans a wide berth. Both Hoffer and I positioned ourselves in a pincer attack, leaving the only natural exit to be guarded by the Roman ships, of which half were currently sailing into the harbor with us.

In all, there were nearly a hundred ships. The pirates wouldn't brave a battle if they could afford it, I knew. Which is why I forced their hand.

I blew a long solitary note at the settlement. A signal. Waiting a second, I paused until I heard one being blasted back at me. It was then that the attack began in earnest.

Olek and five hundred men sprung forth, launching a three pronged attack. We had dropped off the last few of his men in Chania, but most had been ferried over the past week. I wasn't sure how thorough the pirates' defenses would be, but evidently it wasn't enough to catch the five hundred men that had essentially been hidden just outside of the settlements limits. The effects of the attack were immediate as I saw my men stream into the city with little resistance.

They cut down the pirates that had been attempting to flee inland, instilling further panic into the pirates. I could see their fear from where I was, hearing their cries of confusion carry over the water. They didn't know the exact numbers. They just knew that they were under attack from a great number of men. It could be five hundred or it could be five thousand -- the fact that Olek attacked from multiple points only enforced that fear.

"When people are afraid, they'll go to the only exit they know," Thorkel remarked next to me as we saw a wave of people fleeing to the ships in the harbor. It was less than organized, but there were nearly a hundred ships resting along the beach. It wasn't any different for our people -- when a raid went bad, you fled to the ships. To safety. The same response had been drilled into the pirates, and they fled towards the ships in droves, turning what could have been a winnable battle on land into a certain defeat.

There was no organization to be found as the first of the ships started to set sail. They shied away from us, noticing our clear positioning, and started to shift towards the Romans but stalled when they saw them around the only exit like a noose. Their hesitation cost them, in the end. It took a few minutes but more of the ships raced out of the dock, only to pause with the same indecision. The ones behind them, however, couldn't see the looming threat and tried to press on. From where I stood, I heard the sounds of wood smashing against wood as the ships began to collide against one another.

I blew my horn twice, the signal for the archers. They lined the bow of a handful of ships before they began to fire at will. Arrows streamed across the distance before they found the hearts, eyes, and throats of men that panicked on the crashing ships. No ship was targeted in particular, but the threat of our archers made an already chaotic situation that much more pressing as they realized we weren't content to let them sort themselves out. With every arrow that was fired, a pirate fell. Not always fatally, but often enough to prove the archers deadly aim.

The tension eventually snapped, and the mess of ships started to break apart as some pulled forward towards the exit. Most were tangled up in the crash, unable to separate themselves, but of the hundred shipa, a good thirty of them raced towards the Romans with more on the way. I watched as the Romans fired upon the approaching pirates, the navy responding well. They sailed forward, cutting off the escape for those at the head, using grapple hooks to attach the ships together. If the pirates were a united force, it might not have worked.

However, instead of aiding the pirates that were caught by the Romans, the ones behind them sailed around. They used their fellow pirates as a distraction until they were used as a distraction in turn. All so they could inch closer to the exit.

Across the way, I saw Hoffer looking at me and I offered him a small nod. He smiled broadly before he gave the order to sail forward to attack the mess of crashed ships while they were busy untangling themselves. It was tempting to join him, but it would be a good opportunity for him to prove himself as a naval commander. More than that, it allowed me to keep an eye on the Romans and the fleeing pirates.

As my archers flanked around, spreading out, Hoffer and his ships slammed into the disorganized pirates. Using much the same method of binding the ships together as the Romans did, my men began to flow overboard to attack them. I heard the sounds of violence and death, but from the looks of it, the ones doing the dying were the pirates. My men wore their riveted mail, their shields and helms, and were wielding axes -- we were much better prepared for a fight.

Which left me paying most of my attention to the Romans, seeing how they fought. One by one, they picked off the pirate ships, but inevitably, some managed to force their way through-

I flinched when I saw a great belch of flames erupt from the Roman ships that were arranged at the mouth of the harbor. Two of them. I could feel the blast of heat across my face despite the distance, and there were panicked shouts of 'dragon' coming from my men. Such shouts were nearly lost in the agony filled screams that came from the pirate ships that continued to sail through the exit, the Romans allowing them passage as wood and canvas burned. I watched on in awe, realizing that even the surface of the water was burning.

"Gods!" Thorkel yelped at my side as I rushed to the side of the ship to get a better view, and I was greeted by the stench of seared meat and burnt hair. "What was that?!" He exclaimed, sounding as shocked as I had ever heard him. Thorkel, who managed to make light of the most dire of circumstances in Francia.

The pirates tried to divert their course, but it was far too late. Another belch of flames erupted from the dragon-shaped prow of the ship, which washed over the pirate vessel. It struck the sandbar, coming to a halt and burning men leapt into the sea. I saw Romans working on something on the two ships, but I couldn't see what due to the heat haze and the thick black smoke.

"I don't know," I admitted, my brow furrowed as I leaned forward, putting a foot on the edge of the ship as if an extra few inches would grant any clarity. "But I'm going to find out."

That was a weapon that could turn the tide of any ship battle.

And I would not leave the Roman Empire without it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 754 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 6, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
110 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Endevaors
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 13, 2023
Add bookmark
#3,748
Greek Fire, I learned it was called. A secret weapon that had been used by the Romans for nearly a century, and it was a secret that they guarded jealously. For good reason too. A few ships outfitted with the substance could completely change the course of a naval battle -- there were few things more deadly to a ship than fire itself. More than that, it was something that was rarely used to ensure that the Romans enemies never got the chance to steal it or adapt to its use in battle.

The fact that it was brought to this battle told me all that I needed to know. Strategos Tatzates had been prepared to attack us. He had been prepared to burn my fleet in addition to the pirates. For that, I couldn't fault him. In the end, we were not trusted allies. If I had access to the same substance and there was a chance, however slight, that my fleet could end up facing four to one odds if my supposed ally joined with our common enemy? No, bringing the Greek Fire was completely understandable.

What was far more important was Strategos Tatzates' intentions overall. Had he used it as a display of power? A warning to not test his might? Or, if I had given him an opportunity, would he have happily burned us alongside the pirates? Or perhaps he was simply a fool that wanted to see the Greek Fire in action and carelessly revealed what could have been a secret weapon to me?

I didn't know. I would soon learn, but for now, all I had was possibilities.

"Hoffer knows his stuff," Thorkel acknowledged as my flagship reached the docks to the small settlement. The pained cries of the dying and wounded echoed through the air. "Sure the light show helped things along nicely, but he had things in hand before then," he continued as we stepped onto a wooden pier that had been of shoddy construction even before age had worn it down. Every plank squeaked and groaned under my feet, with more than a few planks missing from rot.

Glancing over my shoulder, I saw the mass of ships being untangled. Their bows were slick with blood, with the surviving pirates being put on ships that had their rudder and sails removed. There wasn't a place to hold them in the settlement, so a handful of boats in the harbor would serve as a temporary prison camp. The official tally had yet to come in, but with a passing glance, I would say the pirates numbers had been cut down by a third.

Our own losses had been rather light. With careful organization and positioning, Hoffer and his men took the pirates ship by ship while the archers picked off those that were exposed. Things had been going well, but when the pirates saw the burning ships and heard the screaming… they surrendered in droves.

"It's difficult to call this a true test, but he did well," I admitted, stepping into the settlement. The air was thick with the scent of blood, and I saw clumps of red sand between the ramshackle houses that flanked the roads. The bodies had already been dragged away to where Olek would start burning them after stripping them down. I don't think the battle had even been over before he started clearing the corpses. "The Muslims will be a greater test, but I'm confident that he'll rise to the occasion."

Thorkel hummed, "Alfic is the odd one out now. He hasn't said anything, but I know he's noticed that he hasn't received an official command yet."

An issue I would have to deal with sooner or later, but for now, other matters had my attention. Such as the settlement itself. "I'll think of something for Alfic… but this settlement could work," I ventured as we walked through it. It was lacking defensive terrain, which was a glaring issue. Olek had proven that much. If there had been a simple hill, Olek's approach would have been noticed and the sneak attack would have been foiled.

"The harbor is its main appeal. Don't know anything about farming, so I can't really say anything there," Thorkel replied, offering a shrug as we steadily made our way to one of the more central buildings. The pirates hadn't chosen the location at random. The natural harbor had been noticed by them, and before them, it had been noticed by a Roman ancestor that had decided to put his villa here. It was the lone building that stood made of stone, though it was in an obvious state of disrepair. There were a few smaller buildings dotted around it, but those had long since collapsed or the stone used in them had been cannibalized for repairs or other makeshift housing.

It had been a long time since I used it, but I brought up the Fertility Map. The last time I had used it… I had been using it to plot out my farm. Something that felt like a lifetime ago.

The soil wasn't great, I immediately noticed. It was marked with a dark shade of yellow, closer to red than not. It slowly got better further inland, but overall, I would say that it was better for grazing than crops. What I was looking for was green fertility -- because the settlement would be where we built ourselves up. More than anything else, that meant we needed self-sufficiency. We needed to be able to grow enough food for at least two thousand men. Maybe more, because I imagined we would need thralls or servants to maintain things.

Thorkel was right, I decided, marching up the stone steps to the villa. The natural harbor was the biggest appeal, almost enough to balance out the other issues, but it wasn't enough to make this plot of land our settlement. "I'll have scouts sailing up the coast. Ideally, I'd prefer it if we were further away from the one notable Roman settlement on the island -- Chania. But, we didn't see much in the way of good harbors," I added, pushing the large double doors open, the hinges squealing in protest to reveal further signs of battle.

No loot had been taken. The disciplinary measures I had instilled were still in full effect, even if I was pretty sure the occasional warrior would still pocket something every now and then. Which left what had been an impressive villa mostly intact from our assault, meaning that any desecration came from the pirates rather than us.

"It might be best to give up hope on any substantial farmland. We can fish and we can raise cattle or goats. The latter would fit better," Throkel advised, and I could see his point. I would hold out hope for everything that I was looking for, but defensive terrain was the most important thing on the list. A harbor was a very close second. "And I've just been following you, but… what exactly are we doing here?"

I gave Thorkel a ghost of a smile, "Do you think a known haven of pirates like this could exist without some kind of permission?" I asked him as we stepped up a set of old stained stone stairs. It was a pity, I decided. The villa had fallen into a terrible state of disrepair -- filth and grime gathered, dark spots of old blood had layered until the entire floor was coated with it. The villa was half a tavern now, as far as I could tell.

"I've learned to put nothing past these Romans," Thorkel answered, earning a chuckle from me. I spotted a set of important looking doors on the second floor, and I knew what I was looking good for would be behind them. My reasoning was pretty simple -- in a hierarchy of power, especially one as unstable as could be expected from dozens upon dozens of bands of pirates, leaders would need to project their power in whatever way they could. Such as taking the most important rooms for themselves.

"The battle would have been worse without us, but it would have been manageable for them. They just never bothered. Either they didn't care enough… or enough people benefited that the issue wasn't seen as an issue," I continued, pushing the doors open to see a bedroom. I had no idea who it belonged to, but the odd collection of treasures convinced me that I was in the right place, even if I didn't know exactly what I was looking for.

Thorkel made a sound of acknowledgement, then paused. "Jill?" He ventured with a smile.

"Jill," I agreed. I had just echoed her reasoning. It made sense to me. I figured that it was a similar case with Greece -- that they simply didn't have the strength to spare to enforce their rule, but Jill had put forth another possibility. However, it was my own idea to find something that I could use, even if it had been inspired by Strategos Tatzates himself.

True Vision made the world turn a dull grayish blue color as I inspected the bedroom, my gaze instantly catching the dazzling gold of a desk drawer. Approaching it, I pulled it free, only to see that the bottom of the drawer was now marked gold- ah. The bottom was too shallow, I realized, emptying it out and flipping it over so the false bottom would come out. Inside wasn't any treasure, but there were letters. Grabbing one as True Vision faded out, I saw that they were written in Latin.

'Lord Lucius is expecting a shipment of fine pottery and wine -- a gift for Lord Mayor Silas. The ship will leave the harbor by tomorrow morning, heading to the island of Samos.

Lord Mayor, Mimir'

The text was short and direct, each letter written on a slip of parchment that could be carried by a messenger bird. Some looked old, old enough that the parchment had yellowed. There were dozens of them, more than a hundred even. Not all of them were written in Latin. Some were in Greek and a few were even in an odd squiggly script that I knew to be Arabic. Those I couldn't read. However, I knew what they all were.

Damning evidence that the lord and ruler of Crete had been working with the pirates to pick off ships that were carrying luxurious goods. And not just him. Mimir was one of the few that left his name, but I saw no less than a dozen different hands penning the letters.

"Found something interesting?" Thorkel asked as I flipped through the parchment, sorting them out by handwriting and language.

"Something that could be useful in the near future," I replied. Jill would want to see these first. She would have a much better idea of what to do with them than I would. Stacking them up, I stashed them away before I heard the sound of approaching footsteps. Athrun, the leader of my scouts, appeared in the doorway.

"The Strategos is landing. He means to speak with you," He informed me. I nodded, having expected that much. Now that the attack hadn't ended in a disastrous failure, I was suddenly worth his attention.

"A victory like that is all it takes to impress him?" I muttered under my breath before I caught a look from Thorkel with my expanded vision. "What?"

"You have a pretty warped view of what counts as an easy battle," Thorkel answered easily as we stepped out of the room and I saw that the hall was being cleared with important prisoners being gathered. The former leaders of the settlement, I figured.

I frowned at him, "I do?" I echoed, looking to Athrun for confirmation.

He nodded, "You do." He didn't elaborate and Thorkel let out a bark of laughter at my scowl.

"A battle like that should have been a slugging match for regular forces, Sieg. But we went through them like a knife through butter," Thorkel elaborated as we descended the stairs. "More often than not, we're fighting against twice our number or against monsters like those Paladins. So a bunch of pirates look simple in comparison." I suppose he had a point there. I had been rather… disappointed with what I had been finding when it came to our enemies lately. While I didn't relish the opportunity of fighting an equal foe, it had been some time since I fought in a battle that felt like it was worth the name.

I didn't have a chance to reply because a few seconds later, the Romans announced their arrival. A good dozen guards walked around a single man -- Strategos Tatzates. He was a short man, I noticed now that we stood on equal footing. I was fifteen and I already had a few inches on him. His rich clothing was rounded at his gut, a sword in his belt, while gold rings adorned every finger.

He looked between Thorkel, then Athrun, before his gaze finally settled on me. His expression was passive, almost disinterested before he threw on a warm welcoming smile that almost didn't look fake. "You live up to your reputation, Wolf-Kissed," he flattered in accented Greek. He knew the language, but it was clear that he favored Latin. "A ferocious battle, but a clear victory for us."

Us. He said the word in the same tone that most people would use for I.

"You honor me with your words," I replied, defaulting on being polite. Unlike Chares, Strategos Tatzates was nobility -- more than that, he was high nobility. Much like the Frankish Dukes, but from what I had seen, he was more of a military commander who had civil administrative duties. He wasn't someone I could displease without consequence.

"Now my favorite part begins -- the loot," he began, a cold look in his eye. "Many of the trade goods have been stolen, so they would need to be repossessed by the Empire." He began, and I could see the lie coming a mile away. I wasn't surprised by the blatant greed. If anything, I fully expected it.

If I tried to argue for a portion of the trade goods, he could easily claim that I was trying to steal from the Roman Empire's pocket. Effectively killing any argument that I could try to make for a fair split of the goods.

I was bought a moment to think of a reply, and to swallow my first retort down when one of the prisoners spoke up. He exclaimed something in a language I didn't recognize. I had heard it before, I realized, in the markets of Constantinople. Arabic, I think. The prisoner shouted it at Strategos Tatzates, and he looked over to him. One Roman guard cuffed the prisoner on the back of the head before the Strategos glanced at me.

He knew Arabic. It was just a hunch, but as someone who hid the fact that I could understand Latin, I could see him pretending that he didn't understand. And, frustratingly, I couldn't. I had prioritized learning how to read Greek, and based on what I had heard, only the upper crust of the Abbasids spoke Arabic with most of the population speaking something else… Which made it rather interesting, didn't it?

Why would a random pirate speak Arabic to the Strategos?

"It is only natural to return stolen property," I replied dryly, deciding that it wasn't worth the fuss. Behind the group, I saw a handful of my people approaching, just in case negotiations soured. More importantly, with my expanded vision, I caught a glimpse of Morrigan above. I suppose she must have climbed up the side of the building, but her vantage gave her a good look at Strategos Tatzates. I might not be able to understand Arabic, but Morrigan would be able to see their connection. "For the riches they had plundered… I am willing to wave off my share."

Greed. No… not greed. Gluttony.

Otto gave me a parable, back when he was teaching me about the Bible. About the dangers of the sin of Gluttony. I had considered it to be a good thing -- to eat your fill was normal. Natural even. However, he corrected my thinking and told me that gluttony was one of the most dangerous sins exactly because it seemed reasonable.

To be a glutton was to gorge yourself in excess. It was not eating until you were full or having enough. It was taking food out of other people's mouths and feasting upon it when you were already full to the point of bursting. Similarly, the sin of Greed was not merely valuing money, but valuing it so highly that you refused to part with it and ruthlessly plotted to take whatever wealth you could find from everyone around you.

Strategos Tatzates was a rich man. He was a powerful man. An influential man. Yet, here he was, posturing to spite a rival, haggling over wealth that I doubt he would even notice if it entered or left his coffers. Stealing my glory and valor for the sake of more influence, even if everyone would know the victories were mine.

I had his measure, now. The man was greedy and a glutton.

"In exchange for what?" He asked, making no secret of his suspicion.

"The prisoners and the ships. I will be using them both to build my settlement," I replied evenly. In terms of value, I was asking for the lion's share. Ships were costly to build. Thralls were costly to purchase. The ships themselves were of little interest to me -- they were far too slow and their hulls ran too deep. But they could be broken down for their wood, which was something that Crete lacked entirely. Supposedly it once had great forests, but the gods of this land took them away from the people that had once lived here, according to the stories.

The prisoners would be good thralls. If I had to build a settlement from scratch, then there would be no shortage of hard labor and it was better to use them than my own men.

Strategos Tatzates stroked his beard, considering the offer for a moment. "I can accept this deal," he decided. I could see him quietly considering if he should push further, but with the arrival of my men at the entrance of the villa, he decided not to.

"I am glad to hear it," I replied. It was annoying to give up my rightful share, but we got the greater value even if I knew the men would be less than pleased. I would have to dip into my coffers to ensure that they felt paid for their work. "I had anticipated greater resistance here, but our losses are light. Would you be amenable to attacking the Muslims now? Before word can reach them."

It was a smart decision tactically. In a day, we could cleanse the island of foreign influence. Well, except for me, of course.

But, I knew the answer as soon as I saw him smile.

"Your eagerness does you credit, but it would be unwise to attack the Muslims. Deniable or not, I'm certain that there are members of the Abbasid Caliphate who believe the settlement to be entirely legitimate. An attack on them would be an attack on the Abbasids as it were, and that could very well provoke a war," he said and I clenched my jaw.

The Romans were the very worst part of Rome, I thought, and it wasn't the first time or the last time.

I knew exactly what he was doing.

"Perhaps a letter to the Caliph would be in order?" I suggested, and Strategos Tatzates laughed as if I made a particularly clever joke. It was frustrating. No, it was more than frustrating-- it was downright maddening. I wanted to grab the man and shake him by his shoulders and scream at him until I was blue in the face.

Crushing the pirates would provoke a reaction from the Muslim 'pirates' and the Abbasids, if Strategos Tatzates was to be believed. They wouldn't welcome increased military build up on the island, or the construction of a fortress. Crushing both of them would give us room to breathe and to prepare, but leaving the Muslim pirates on the island left us vulnerable. And that was the point.

It wasn't breaking the deal between us, but it was going against the spirit of it.

"I shall petition his Imperial Majesty on the matter," Strategos Tatzates said, and I knew that was a bald-faced lie. He was leaving me here after having kicked the hornet's nest. Which wouldn't be a problem, but I knew if I attacked the Muslim pirates openly, then the blame would fall on me. However, if we were attacked -- and we certainly would be -- then the blame would be on the Abbasids.

We were being left here to act as the trigger for the start of a war.

I didn't respond, not trusting myself to say anything, and Strategos Tatzates simply chuckled in place of a farewell before he walked away. I closed my eyes and took a calming breath, "Morrigan. Tell me you found something," I all but demanded as she strutted down the stairs, seemingly pleased with herself. That took the edge off of my frustration.

She turned her golden gaze to the pirates. "Oh, I did indeed."

That's exactly what I wanted to hear.

…

I figured I should make an AN since it's come up before -- Seig is never going to be particularly adept at intrigue, but this is the chapter where he essentially learns that he can't be so passive when it comes to plotting. It's not enough to defend yourself from a plot, but you have to actively be looking to sweep the legs from underneath your political rivals.

Part of that is his nature, but it's mostly due to his upbringing. Sieg, up until he arrived in Constainople, has either been politically irrelevant or a political powerhouse with no in-between -- and when he was politically relevant, he was viewed as a literal demi-god. In Byzantine, he's politically relevant but not a powerhouse. Which would pose its own problems, but the main issue is that his religion is wrong. He's a pagan in a period of history when the Byzantines were murdering each other with extreme prejudice over whether they prayed to God wrong. That's a huge hurdle to get over, but with some help, he will get over it.

This is essentially the teething area before Sieg gets his political bite.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 757 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 13, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Necessary Measures
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,781
The situation was less than ideal, with Strategos Tatzates leaving Crete almost as soon as he'd arrived, taking his loot with him. He clearly anticipated a quick response over the contested island and wanted nothing to do with the battle to come, with my scout ships reporting that he was already sailing home. His motives were a simple thing to puzzle out in hindsight -- he wanted the credit for cleaning up the pirates, and for Strategos Michael Lachanodrakon to suffer from the ensuing raids from the Muslim 'pirates' because they weren't likely to sail all the way over to the other side of Anatolia for the sake of revenge.

In the end, my men and I were simply collateral damage in his scheme.

I was angry. So angry that more than once I considered sailing to the Muslims and offering my services to them instead. A breach in my contract and borderline betrayal, but the anger settled in my chest like a hot coal. In Francia, Widukind made no secret that he was using me and I respected him for it. Simply because I knew he respected me.

That is what was lacking here in Rome -- mutual respect. I might have even accepted this position happily if Tatzates had informed me of the plan beforehand. If he had stayed or left some men behind to help me secure a position. Something to show me that I was little more than a pawn in his game.

But he hadn't and I wasn't.

We had already fended off probing attacks from the Muslims, and spotted their scouts taking note of our position. My own scouts showed that they were preparing themselves for an attack rather than simply fleeing, all but confirming that they were no simple pirates. We let them build up their defenses since there would be no attack coming, simply because there was no point. Instead, we used the time to our advantage.

I had scouts sailing every inch of the coast, looking for good defensive terrain. When they came back with a half dozen options, I visited all of them before making my selection -- it was on the easternmost tip of the island. The shore was rough sand, leading up to hills that quickly became cliffs. The beach was protected by a natural harbor in the shape of a crescent, making it perfect for our needs. In a high tide, our ships could sail over the sandbanks while two towers and an iron chain could close off the narrow straight, like the Romans did in Constantinople.

The land however, was poor. Very poor. The soil was filled with rocks and sand, with even shrubbery struggling to find a place. It would make us entirely dependent on food imports and fishing, which was not something that I liked, but it was one of the few locations on Crete that was generally unassailable. The harbor was the only natural point of entry with the hilly terrain around us making a handful of paths that we could easily police.

It was almost perfect.

But, it had one fatal weakness that was likely the reason it hadn't been settled before us.

The cliff followed the crescent, meaning that the ground was slowly elevating until it reached a plateau. With the naturally hilly terrain, that didn't leave a great deal of space for a settlement to actually be built. Buildings needed flat terrain in ideal circumstances and, quite simply, it would be tiring constantly walking up or down an incline. If the situation was even a little different, I couldn't see myself settling down here. It was perfect for it's defenses, but not much else.

But it was exactly what we needed.

"We'll be working day and night," I informed my council, standing on the beach as the ships began unloading. "The thralls will be doing the bulk of the menial labor. There won't be any rest for them. We can't afford it," I said, looking out at the terrain and trying to picture what we needed.

It was Alfic that spoke up, "You intend to work them to death?" He asked in Germanic, sounding unbothered by it. I considered what he was saying for a moment -- I had owned slaves before. Back on the farm, they worked with me and when the task was done, I granted them their freedom. When I was in Francia, I had used slaves to bury a hoard, then killed them to prevent them from spreading word of its location. If I had to choose which of the methods I preferred, it was the former by a vast margin.

However, this wasn't the time or the place for compassion.

"If they die, then they die," I answered coldly. It was regrettable, but in the end, I was far more concerned with my ability to protect my people. They were my priority, not the thralls. There were nearly a thousand of them, and the cold, logical part of my mind told me that in this terrain -- with no forging, no farming -- they would be only a drain on my resources. I didn't expect things to become so dire that it became a siege, but I had to be prepared for anything. "We'll divide our forces. Half of us will stay here to prevent a rebellion. The other half will be divided further."

It was Hoffer that spoke up, "Patrolling." He ventured, earning a nod.

"I want the Muslims to think we are preparing to attack for as long as possible. A few days, at least. Patrol the shores and pick off whatever ships that you can. Bring the ships and the crews here -- we could use them both," I admitted. Behind me, I knew that I would see the pirate ships being hauled to the shore. Some of them were already being broken down based on the sound of hammering and thunks of wood. Not all of the planks would be usable, but enough would be. "The other half will have two tasks. The pirate haven -- I want it scavenged."

It was more wood for us to build with. It would be a task, but with near a thousand thralls, I foresaw that we could make quick work of it. The stone villa could also be broken down, brick by brick. It would make a good central fortress, however small it might be, but with the right terrain -- which they had -- they could hold out indefinitely. I had to plan that way. Simply because this place could be attacked when I wasn't here.

But, to transport it all, we couldn't just use their ships. It would take far too long.

"The rest will be accompanying Jill to deliver a message," I said, taking out the letters that I had found. I passed them to Jill, who accepted them, her brow creasing after a moment.

"The lord of the island… has been… working with the pirates?" She ventured, speaking in accented Greek. She knew enough to be the messenger for this task. I was glad for it because, as much as I might want to be there, I knew I was of much better use here.

"He has," I confirmed in Norse. "It's proof of his actions. They're borderline treason, if that means anything in this land. If nothing else, it would make him a number of enemies," I told her, and I could see she knew exactly what to do with the information.

Athrun spoke up, "I have seen this Lord Mimir. He is… a testament to the fact that you do not have to be strong or clever to lead in this land. I do not see him putting up much resistance if pressured." He offered, and he must have learned that during his scouting trip prior to our arrival. It was good information to have.

"Jill. I want you to break him," I told her, gazing hard into her eyes. "These people will not treat us as equals, and I find myself sick of their games. Turn him into our puppet that will nod his head and give his sigil to everything that we tell him to. If Chares and their ilk won't help us, let us see if they will refuse a lord." It was a tall order, I knew. And something that she had never done before. However, I was intending to stay on this island one way or another, and I would not be subjected to the whims of a fool.

Jill stood straighter and offered a nod, even as Hoffer visibly fought off a scowl with such an important task not being given to my lawful wife. "He will be our creature. I'll see to it," she swore. That's exactly what I wanted to hear. I knew she could do it. And, to make sure she had some muscle, I would be sending some of my best with her in case this lord Mimir thought he could push the issue.

"We need every wagon and mule in Chania. And every available free hand. I don't expect much, but it would be something," I decided and I saw nods all around.

Good. "Let's get to work."

…

I should have anticipated it, in hindsight. Technically speaking, I had nearly doubled my fleet, gained near a thousand thralls, and planted roots for my settlement. All the same, I was still surprised when the gods decided that I had earned a gift from them.

District Planner

City planning can be a difficult task with many things only being revealed in hindsight. With District Planner, the user can visualize exactly where something should go to prevent messy complications, such as putting the blacksmith too close to housing.

However, information is determined by data user inputs.

Simulation

The user can visualize a number of scenarios that might befall his property -- a flood, an earthquake, a drought, and invading armies. This allows the user to see how his preparations for various disaster scenarios perform in real time without the risk.

District Planner seemed incredible at first glance. I had grown up on a farm, but my time in Frankfurt with the army there had shown me the annoyances of living in an enclosed space with a great many people. It was one thing to share a homestead with your family, it was another thing entirely to hear the arguments of a family three houses down. However, the more I thought about it, the more it seemed…. Useless wasn't the right word, but it felt like a perk for something I should be able to do myself.

Simulation, however, caught and held my attention in its entirety. Between the two, it was no competition which one was the better. With little hesitation, I chose it as I looked out into the harbor that was filled with bustling ships.

A day had passed and we were already making great progress. Ships were being broken down for the wood, and with the low tide, the two towers at the mouth of the harbor were being constructed. Makeshift housing was going up, and I silently told myself that it would be replaced with stone after we dealt with the current threat. Along the inner harbor were a number of piers that were being built as well, simply to make it easier to load and upload all of the ships that were coming and going. Just four, at the moment, and they were fairly short.

Above, at the edge of the cliff that overlooked the harbor was where the fort was being constructed. It was much slower going because the foundation was all stone, but a basic wall was being put up. The thralls were being pushed hard, but there was a lot less complaining than I anticipated. Either because my men and I worked alongside them, or because they were simply too tired.

It would be the perfect time to test the new gift from the gods, and I manifested it as a small window that had a number of options. Very similar to what I saw when I checked the fertility.

Natural Disasters:
Hurricane
Tornado
Earthquake
Flash flood

Extreme Weather:
Severe thunderstorm
Drought
Heat wave
Cold snap

Warfare:
Nordic
Germanic
Frankish
Roman
Pirate
Abbasid

It was a short list of things, but I couldn't tell what half of them were. I had never heard of a 'tornado' before, or a hurricane. Looking at each one, there was a level of severity that I could tick up. The warfare ones, however, had numbers that I could input, including specifying specific things such as the Roman Greek Fire ships. Out of curiosity, I chose to see what a tornado was.

Immediately, everything that was built up was layered with a green film. A second later, the skies darkened with a much darker shade of green before…

My stomach did flips inside of me as a massive spiral began to descend from the sky above, almost like it was a waterspout. The makeshift housing started to shift around based on how the green film moved, then the cyclone descended into the heart of the settlement… only for it to quickly fade afterwards. Frowning to myself, I thought that was… a little disappointing if I was being completely honest. I'm not entirely sure what it was exactly, but… I was expecting more damage.

Then I chose a flash flood. Severe intensity.

The displaced pieces of housing reset themselves before the sea began to retreat in an unnatural way. And, with little warning… it returned in a collosal wave that simply smashed through the towers, reducing them to nothing, then continued into the harbor. The ships and docks were smashed like toys struck by a hammer, the wave striking the cliff with thunderous force. In a handful of seconds, everything we built was gone, reduced to light green planks of wood.

Then everything was suddenly back in place and I forced myself to take a calming breath after what I could only describe as a vision from the gods. They were generous. Far more generous than I deserved.

Choosing the Abbasid ship option, I saw a hundred ships appear on the horizon beyond the harbor. They sailed forward impossibly fast, heading between the two towers before some made landfall on the sandbank. The men got out… and I saw the limitations of the simulation. It didn't factor in my men, who would be fighting against the attackers. It only tested my physical defenses against invaders. It was a little less useful than it might have otherwise been, but it was still an invaluable tool.

"I owe the gods a sacrifice," I decided, looking out at the blue waters, the invading army vanishing like smoke in the wind. The water itself was some of the bluest I had ever seen, and among the clearest. It was a beautiful sight. We just had to protect it.

A sentiment that the gods agreed with whole-heartedly.

Quest: Settlement Defense.
Objective: Defend your home from an oncoming attack.
Bonus Objective 1: Settlement takes less than 15% damage during attack.
Bonus Objective 2: Defeat 50% of the enemy.
Bonus Objective 3: ???

Objective reward: 100 Prestige
Bonus Objective 1 Reward: 1 Stewardship Perk
Bonus Objective 2 Reward: 150 prestige
Bonus Objective 3 Reward: ???

This was the quest that I had received from the gods barely a minute after Tatzates had set sail, leaving us behind. And it was a large factor in my decision to not sell my services to the Muslims instead. The gods had decided that this plot of land was worth defending, and so I would defend it. More interestingly was the third Bonus Objective -- the gods were letting me know that there was one, but they were hiding it from me. As well as the reward I would receive for it.

Odin must have high expectations of me.

"Siegfried," I heard Morrigan call out to me, catching my attention. I tore my gaze away from the ocean, glancing over my shoulder at her. "We have them gathered and we found a translator," she informed, making my eyes narrow and my jaw clench. "They're in your tent… but I wouldn't hold out hope that they're anything more than pawns. T'is most unlikely that the Strategos would share his plans with mere fodder." She said, trying to temper my expectations.

I had enough of passively waiting for my enemies to give me opportunities to destroy them. This game of politics was a far different battlefield than I was used to. I couldn't be idle. I couldn't just wait for others to accrue influence to be spent. If I wanted to punish those that had used me without even the most basic respect, then I would need to be active.

"I know. But they'll know something, and it'll be a start," I answered, turning away to head to my tent at the top of the cliff. It wasn't a particularly long walk, but it was an inconvenient one. The main settlement would need to be at the base of the harbor, between the hills. I would have preferred to begin the questioning yesterday, but a number of the pirates only spoke Arabic or Persian. And the ones that could speak Greek didn't speak either. And I couldn't learn either language without a common tongue.

Pushing the tent flap aside, I saw my tent was in usual order, except for the half dozen men that were kneeling on the ground. Their hair was cut off, marking them as thralls, while standing over them were a half dozen of my warriors. Daring them to try something. The only one that stood out was a child -- long black hair, a tough tunic, and a soft face that made it difficult to tell if they were a boy or a girl. Regardless, their expression was anxious the moment I entered my tent.

"He can speak Greek, Persian, Arabic, and one other language," Morrigan informed me, catching my attention. I was unusual for being able to speak so many languages. In large part, most people could get away with speaking only one. So, it was curious that a child that couldn't be older than seven or eight was able to speak four. And Morrigan anticipated my next question, "He was a thrall to that one there. T'is most likely that he was discovered and taken for knowing two languages."

That made some sense, I decided, looking at the boy. He didn't seem to be harmed, just kept in poor clothing and in desperate need of a comb. "You can speak to them, yes?" I asked him in Greek, taking a seat on a stool, putting me at near eye level with the lot of them. The boy flinched at being spoken to, but said nothing. What he did do, however, was look at one of the pirates.

The very same pirate that had called out to Tatzates. The pirate was in his late teens to early twenties, rough hands of a sailor with dark skin that was darkened by the sun. He offered a small nod, seemingly understanding what this was even if he didn't speak Greek himself.

"I do… I'm… My name is… Alim, my lord," Alim introduced himself, grabbing the hem of his tunic nervously as he looked everywhere but at my face. He was afraid. Of me. That cooled the hot coal of anger in my chest as if a cup of water had doused it, even if there were embers left.

"You have nothing to fear, Alim. I do not enslave children. I need you to translate the words of this discussion, and I will see to it that you are rewarded well," I told him, my tone softening and while it was less than I would like, that did seem to put some of his worries to rest. "The one that you looked to -- what is his name?"

"Zafir Latif," Alim answered, still nervous but less afraid. Zafir perked up, hearing his name mentioned as he narrowed his dark eyes at me.

"What did he say to Tatzates before he left?" I asked, leaning forward to hold his gaze. Alim hesitated a moment before he echoed my question to the man, and to my ear, he sounded rather fluent in it. Zafir paused before he replied and Alim glanced nervously at me.

"Zafir s-says that he will tell you nothing unless you free him and his crew," Alim said and I nodded, having anticipated that much.

Dealing with a translator was a pain, I decided. I believed that Alim was telling the truth at least. However, it was difficult to get my point across when my words came from the mouth of a child. I suppose that I would need to convey them with action, then. "Morrigan," I spoke up, looking to her, "Can you find where his crew is?"

"... T'would be a simple task," Morrigan answered. "I shall have them gathered," She said, gesturing for one of the men to follow her. He looked at me and only left when I gave him a nod.

"Alim. Please tell Zafir that I have no intention of negotiating with him. His freedom, and even that of his crew is on the table. But he will only be freed after he tells me what I want to know. This will be the only time I ask politely," I told him in a calm voice. I hadn't meant to scare him, but I could practically see his heart jumping into his throat as he relayed the words.

Alim wasn't required for the response. He spat at me and it landed on my boot. One of my men back handed him hard enough to draw blood but I waved him off when he went to deal a second blow.

"I'll ask again in a week. Gather him and his crew up and tie them to poles. On the beach. It would be a good way to remind the thralls to not rebel," I reasoned. The heat wouldn't be terrible on account that it was technically winter, even if it still felt like a warm fall day. However, a week of no food, unable to move, and with the unrelenting sun overhead? I imagined a few tunes would change by then. One of my men nodded, and Zafir immediately began to struggle. I didn't need Alim to translate for me what was said as he was dragged out.

The remaining men looked at me, their expressions tense. These men were the ones that Morrigan was able to connect to Tatzates in some way. As she described it to me, they were connected by a thread of lilac, which apparently meant subterfuge. I had a rough guess what might be going on -- that they were sponsored pirates to pillage Michael's holdings to make him seem weak. But, I needed specifics. Not to mention, it would be useful to have evidence if I ever levied an accusation. It would need to be overwhelming if I would be believed, though.

"Alim?" I prompted the boy, who watched Zafir be dragged out with a paling face.

"Y-yes?" He asked me, swallowing a lump in his throat.

"Please repeat the question to that one," I said, inclining my head to the next pirate in line. Alim did and he wasn't that much more talkative than Zafir and, as he too was dragged out… I knew this would take some time. I did. It could be weeks, months, or even years in the making.

But it was time for these Romans to learn to fear my bite.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 800 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Art of Misdirection
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,797
By the end of the first week, most of the pirates had spilled their guts about everything they knew. The crew might not have a complete picture of everything, but there were few places more difficult to keep a secret than on a ship at sea. Eventually, someone would see or hear something. When the first few broke, it urged the others to because, if they didn't, the information that they had would be worthless.

In the end, the pirates were a greedy lot. They had no real loyalty toward one another. That was the biggest difference between us, even if our actions seemed similar. When my people raided, we sought to enrich ourselves and our home. There would be fights and even attempts of theft, but at the end of the day, we all had a village or town that we would return to. And we knew that if our bowls were empty, we could lean on our neighbors to share what they could. A pirate crew, when it came down to it, was a crew of strangers from all walks of life that shared the goal of getting rich, for whatever the reasoning.

Out of the two hundred odd people we had tied up to cook in the sun, by the second week, there were only a dozen that had the will to refuse to share what they knew. Of that dozen, most were refusing to say anything out of sheer stubbornness. But, they proved regretful because by the end of the third week, all but one of them detailed everything that they knew.

And they knew a great deal. It was more or less what I had anticipated -- the pirates had backers. It was to be expected. Ships were costly and precious few dedicated themselves to piracy. Even my people were primarily farmers and herders before we were raiders. Most fishermen, if they had large enough of a boat, might engage in piracy if they saw the opportunity, or they were in lean times. A dedicated pirate, however, needed either absurd luck or information to be wealthy. They needed to know what ships were worth taking, how much resistance to expect, and the only way to reliably get that information was having someone with connections telling them.

Which revealed a complicated web on the southern coast of Anatolia.

More than a few confessed to having dealings with people within Tatzates's Theme, but not with Strategos Tatzates himself. That wasn't surprising -- it took a special kind of idiot to put your name on such an illicit deal. Like Lord Mimir. We couldn't say for certain, but it painted the picture that Tatzates was filling the Mediterranean with pirates to plague Michael Lachanodrakon. But, he was hardly the only one. The pirates had been pretty free with their services, connecting themselves to a half dozen minor lords and merchants. Half the pirates we captured claimed to be merchants.

A month later, there was only one captain that was refusing to speak. And, as I approached, the sand shifting underfoot, bloodshot eyes meeting mine… I found that he was no closer to giving in. "You're a stubborn one," I commended him, staying upwind of Zafir. The man had been tied to a post for a month, kept alive by food and water being shoved down his gullet.

His skin was blackened, large scabs peeling and bleeding from the sun overhead. It was a cool day despite winter being in full swing. We wouldn't even see snow, it seemed -- which was a rather startling prospect. I thought the winter in Francia had been mild, but this place confused winter with Spring. Zafir hung limply, his wrists rubbed raw from his attempts to escape. He almost got out once, but he overestimated how much strength he would have after being tied down for a week.

"You… speak… Arabic…?" Zafir gasped out, his gaze drawn to the waterskin in my hand. At least, that's what I thought he said.

"A little," I answered in accented Arabic. Alim had proven to be a decent tutor, with his weakness being his age. He couldn't really explain how the rules of the language worked because he never really thought about the rules. As far as I could tell, he seemed blessed with the Polyglotboon. Already, he was picking up Norse and Frankish just from wandering around the camp. Though, he occasionally struggled to tell the languages apart. "Enough to get your answers," I told him, taking a breath and bringing the waterskin to him.

Zafir drank deeply despite himself. I could tell he fully intended to die on the post, to waste away, but it was a difficult thing to refuse water when you were dying of thirst. That didn't stop him from gathering some in his mouth to spit it at me. I didn't blink as he did so, beyond wiping my face. I should be angered by the disrespect -- but, instead, I found myself admiring his tenacity.

"They must be someone great to inspire such loyalty in you," I replied, turning to face the view that Zafir had been enjoying the past month. And, in that month, a great deal had changed. The ramshackle appearance had faded away to become a proper settlement.

The docks were finished with two long piers and two short ones. The harbor itself was protected by two towers at the mouth of it, with the chain on its way thanks to my blacksmiths. A palisade and gate protected the inner harbor, while on the other side of the palisade were Norse buildings, more than a few of them simply the hulls of the pirate ships converted into a building. The stone from the forgotten villa had been salvaged and transported to the base of the hill where a gate was under construction. It would be a fallback area with a winding road that led to the top of the cliff, where the longhouse was located.

They were still rough, but in time, they would be fully realized.

"You… waste time. Kill me," Zafir said, his head slumping down. True Vision marked him red. That was my doing, I understood -- prior to this, he had been marked gray. And it was more than fair. I would certainly be an enemy of someone that had tied me to a pole for the better part of a month. "I… not break."

"I believe you," I told him, making him weakly look my way. "If you were, you would have done so already. By now, you're committed to wasting away here, taking whatever secrets that you have with you."

Understandably, Zafir was less than happy to hear that. "Then you torment me for your own amusement? Why?"

"I don't know what you're hiding, but you've impressed me with your fortitude," I admitted easily. "And while I am curious to know what secrets you hold, it would be an injustice to take more… active measures to pry them from you." There were a few that had suggested that, but I remained unconvinced of the quality of information I would glean from it. Simply put -- if I had been captured and tortured for information, and I knew a pivotal battle for my captor would soon come that my information could affect the outcome of…

I would lie.

Torture did have its uses, but it wasn't the right tool for every situation. The only reason I used it at all was because we had a surplus of captives that could verify any information that we were given. If only one person said something, then it was likely a lie, but if two or more people confirmed the information? Then it was likely true.

"There is an attack coming. These so-called pirates certainly have a vast number of friends," I continued to speak, my tone idle and even. I saw the others in the still unnamed settlement, all of them making preparations. Yule was upon us once again. Timber was expensive to purchase, so I had some men sail to Anatolia to fell some trees and bring them back. A simple task since they could simply float the trunks in the water behind them. A bonfire was being built, decorations were put up. We were lacking womenfolk, but there were enough camp followers to get the job done, even if the menfolk were forced to lend a helping hand.

That caught Zafir's interest, "An… attack?" He questioned, not even bothering to keep the hope out of his voice.

I grunted a confirmation. "The Abbasids prepared for a siege for a time, but as of late, more ships have been sailing to their port. We sailed to the direction they're coming from and found a fleet gathering." I continued, an edge entering my voice. We had poked the Abbasids on the island, picking off a ship here or there. There had even been a few skirmishes between our scouts. The prisoners that had been captured knew little about the overall picture, but they conveyed their point of view easily enough.

The Caliph was not happy that the Romans were building a stronghold on Crete. His orders were to wipe us away to show the Romans that they did not control the island.

It was the prelude to war.

"We don't have an estimation for their arrival, but it shouldn't be long. Another month, maybe," I concluded. The fleet was a sizable one. The Muslim pirates numbers had been significantly inflated, going from seventy to eighty ships to nearly two hundred. The Abbasid were only playing lip service to the idea that they were just pirates, fully aware that everyone would know it was one of their fleets, but maintaining the thinnest of veneers for deniability. "You will fight with them."

I could see that Zafir was confused. "What?" He croaked, not understanding.

"You deserve a warrior's death for your loyalty. Today will be your last day on the pole. You will rest and recover, and when the Abbasids arrive, you will be given arms and armor. I will try to give you over to them so you can fight with your fellows, but I can make no promises," I told him and I could see that he was still perplexed. It would be a shame to kill such a man, but if he was stubborn enough to endure this much, then there was little point in offering a hand to join us. Even if I did, I would be genuinely shocked if he accepted. I certainly wouldn't.

"Why?" He croaked, still not believing it.

"My gods look favorably on the brave," I answered simply.

"There… are no gods. Only Allah," he muttered, earning a sigh from me.

"So you people keep telling me. A lie you repeat will become no closer to the truth, even if you wish it too," I told him. However, now was not the time for a religious debate. "Soon, we shall celebrate Yule to welcome the spring and honor the gods for a generous year. If you weren't so stubborn, you could join the festivities."

I watched him carefully with my expanded vision, his face unguarded when he thought I couldn't see him. The whites of his eyes were bloodshot, but his gaze was sharp. He was memorizing every word that I said. So, I continued. "We will make sacrifices to them. The thralls will be allowed to participate. We shall feast and drink and make merry." It was necessary for a number of reasons-- we had to honor the gods.

But, it was also important to take time to unwind. For a month, we had been rapidly building a settlement, doing hard labor, and a celebration would be an opportunity to let everyone unwind. The thralls included.

"You won't tempt me," Zafir rasped and I swallowed a smile.

"Hm. Could you say that in another two weeks, if you had to?" I asked him, my voice casual.

"I can endure as long as is needed," Zafir rellied stiffly.

"I wonder about that…? Ah, well, it won't be needed. You will be released by nightfall. To give you a little more time to consider," I told him before I began to walk away. Undoubtedly, he would consider the information a taunt, but I had no expectation that the bridge between us could be mended at this point. We would part as enemies. As I left him, I could feel his gaze on my back as I swallowed a small smile.

The next month or so would be telling. What would he do with his freedom? Would he try to escape? Would he attempt to kill me in my sleep? Or would he wait for the invading force to wipe this settlement off the island? Only time would tell, and time was something that was in rather short supply.

The Abbasids were coming and they were coming in numbers. If the fleet that we saw off the coast in Abbasid waters was going to be pointed towards us, we would be facing near four hundred ships. My fleet was less than a hundred, meaning that fighting them at sea would be a foolish endeavor. Even if our number were comparable, I would still be hesitant -- the Abbasid ships sat far higher in the water, meaning that we would have to climb up to board them. A dangerous advantage to give to the enemy. The best course of action was to let them land, but they would be fools to attack such an entrenched position. The far wiser course would be for them to settle in for a siege.

Something I couldn't allow because of my oath to Thorkel. I had sworn to him that there would never be a siege so long as he followed me, and I had already come too close to breaking that oath when we wintered in Frankfurt, surrounded by a Frank army.

"Myself and a few ships," I planned as my feet carried me into the settlement. To my scouts. Longships were faster than the Muslim ships nearly twice over. A handful of archers would fire upon the Abbasids, while I attacked the ships themselves. The men that joined me were certain to die, but in theory, I could leap from ship to ship, thinning the numbers.

But, I doubted that I could halt the attack entirely. They would land on Crete, and a sortie would be needed to crush them as they disembarked. With that, we could damage their numbers or fleet enough that we could take them.

The simulation marked a few locations as likely touch down points, but it was dangerous to rely on that information. The enemy could think better of it, or pick a less than ideal point to disembark if they feared an attack.

The situation was tricky. I was considering simply abandoning the settlement altogether when I received news that the forces would be far greater than I anticipated. If it was just the pirates, it would be simple, but two combined fleets? That would be a tall task in open waters.

"Subterfuge, how unlike you," Morrigan remarked from above, leaning over the edge of the palisade. There was a teasing smile at her lips that only grew when I scowled. "T'is not an insult, Siegfried. I'm rather pleased with you. I had not thought you capable of it." The fact that she was pleased was a balm to my frayed nerves, but it was still a sore point.

Yule was a month from now. Not two weeks.

I had lied to Zafir.

"If we cannot control the battlefield, then we must control the initiative," I said, passing through the gate while Morrigan walked down to join me. "You are certain that Alim will help him escape?" I asked as Morrigan fell in step with me. I walked amongst the settlement and I found myself comparing it to Constantinople. Rather unfavorably. It was inevitable -- it was a rushed job, and we lacked materials, but when I imagined the settlement in my head, I pictured marble roads and stone buildings.

"They share a bond of loyalty. T'is not much different than the one you share with Thorkel," Morrigan answered. And that had been of interest to me. I asked Alim about it, but he had few answers to give. I understood Alim being loyal to Zafir, but Zafir loyal to Alim? That had a story behind it and I was certain it had something to do with why Zafir had managed to last so long on the pole. I wanted to know, but not so interested that I would pay any cost. Odin would be ashamed, but I would reign in my curiosity.

"I'll have the guards give him an opportunity and ensure that they get out," I said, taking her word for it. She had yet to be wrong so far, I thought as we passed by a few hanged men. Thralls that had been planning a revolt. Morrigan caught it before they could take action. There were others brewing, of course -- it was only natural. However, they would be nipped in the bud. We had enough issues to deal with. "With some luck, we can tempt the Abbasids into attacking before they're ready."

Hannibal taught me this lesson. My studies had not fallen to the wayside, even with everything that had transpired. I was steadily working through the scrolls that were given to me by Alexios, though I would admit that I had been favoring the generals too much. It was likely why I hadn't gained a learning perk even with my studies.

Hannibal was a general that had brought a fledgling Roman Empire to its knees. He was only defeated by lack of support from his homeland. If he'd had it, then there very well might not have been a Roman Empire at all. There were many lessons to be found in his battles with the Romans -- the value of unexpected approaches, knowing your enemy…

But above them all was the lesson of knowing how to make the enemy do what you wish them to. The Battle of Cannae transpired a thousand of years ago, and I was convinced there were few battles that could be greater. He tempted the Romans to commit an attack at his weak center, and when they did, he had the center pull back, funneling them into position. The gaps were plugged with reserved soldiers, before the Romans were attacked from behind, completely surrounding them. It had been a crushing defeat for the Romans, even though they outnumbered Hannibal three to one.

This was not the same, but the principle still applied. If I could bait the Abbasids into attacking where I wished and disembarking where I wanted, then I could crush them.

"Hm. Luck seems to be a thing in short supply," Morrigan remarked as we made our way to the longhouse at the top of the cliff. It was not a grand building. In truth, Horrik's was greater. That would change soon, I resolved. I just needed to get out of this mess before I could focus on building. "It would be prudent to allow a few others to escape with them. To lend credence to the tale."

I nodded as we stepped through the doors, entering my hall. While it wasn't all that I wanted it to be, I was proud of it. It was my longhouse. My hall. A few years ago, I had only seen my farm and village and was convinced there was nothing greater in the world.

As we entered, I saw a handful of people. My attention was first drawn to Astrid, who looked like she had completely retreated into her own mind with a vacant stare as she sat on a throne next to mine. My gaze dipped to her stomach, as in the past month she had started to show -- her belly was a little rounder with our child. It would be many more months until they entered the world, but Morrigan said we could expect a child born in summer.

Sitting at a lower elevation was Jill. Unlike Astrid, her gaze was focused and sharp, sitting upright, as she listened to the petition. Her gaze flickered to us for but a moment, leading the petitioners to and the four Greek men turned to us.

Messengers from Lord Mimir, if I had to guess. I could see the anger in their eyes as I walked by them, heading to my throne with Morrigan by my side, and sitting heavily in it. It was a comfortable chair stacked heavy with fine pelts. We anticipated winter being far harsher, which left us with a surplus.

"There has been a delay, Lord Siegfried," Jill informed in Norse, and the Greek men wilted ever so slightly when they heard my name. Which was likely why Jill said it. "The shipment of stone and wood has been halted at the docks due to fear of piracy."

Chares. The fat merchant had taken to needling us in whatever way he could. Only now he was playing a dangerous game.

"A fascinating excuse considering the sea is clearer of pirates than it has been in the better part of a century," I remarked, and it was only when I spoke that Astrid blinked and registered my presence.

"When did you get here?" Astrid wondered, looking faintly disturbed, as if I had materialized from thin air. I saw Jill's lips twitch, but she swallowed the smile. Astrid was my first wife, and, as a result, she was expected to attend these meetings. However, it was clear that she enjoyed them even less than I did. The only one who seemed to enjoy them at all was Jill, which is why we both relied on her even hand.

"The excuse is a thin one. I suspect that Lord Mimir is testing the leash we put around his neck," Jill informed, her tone aloof. By we, she meant herself. And by leash, she meant vice. And by neck. She meant balls. I sent Jill to get a hold over Lord Mimir, and based on the tale I heard from Athrun, she had the man twisted into knots and bending over backwards. The man had apparently been on the verge of tears by the time Jill had finished. I had yet to meet the man myself, but what I knew of him didn't impress.

The man was a coward. Worse, he was a stupid one. Not meeting him didn't lessen my dislike for him, even if he was convenient.

"I'll defer to your judgment on what should be done, but this does sound like an opportunity to punish Chares," I remarked, keeping an eye on the men with my expanded vision. They watched the exchange carefully, not understanding our words but trying to read out body language and tone. Chares was withholding ships on behalf of a lord. A fat, lazy, and stupid one, but a lord all the same.

"What we can do with it is minimal," Jill answered, a soft sigh in her voice. "Lord Mimir is unimportant and far removed from the realm's politics. He has some connections worth exploring, but until the attack passes, most seem to be of the opinion that he will die in the fighting. Or, at least lose his holdings." Jill explained, and while that was disappointing to hear, I wasn't surprised. For the most part, Mimir was simply a tool to step around the ban of sale to us.

Through him, we were able to purchase goods such as building materials and food. We simply gave him the money, using his people as intermediaries, and had the supplies delivered to us. It had worked rather smoothly until now -- which meant that Chares had wised up to what we were doing. And, so far, Michalis hadn't gained enough influence to circumvent Chares on his own.

Jill turned to the petitioners, and I saw one of them swallow thickly, all of them looking at me even as Jill spoke in accented Greek. "We understand Lord Mimir's difficulties. Please give him our deepest sympathies. Perhaps, in time, we can venture to his home and take care of the issue for him as servants to the crown."

The petitioners paled dramatically, launching into a flurry of polite speech to tell us to stay away. I saw what Jill was doing -- goading Mimir into taking care of the problem himself with the threat that we would make our problem his problem.

As I watched the two of them go at it, I leaned into my throne. This was exactly how it was supposed to be, I decided.

The calm before the storm.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 775 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Masks We Wear
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,838
Hadi Husain really wasn't sure how he ended up being important enough to be invited to a meeting of commanders under the watch of Admiral Mustapha Jabour. He came from a middling family of little acclaim, he was in his late teens and the only reason he was a commander at all was because of a favor owed to his father. Unless his father had far greater connections than Hadi ever suspected, he should be well below notice of just about everyone in this room.

And that's how he liked it.

Ambition was for fools. So long as you had a full belly, a cup of wine, and a warm bed to sleep in -- what more could you possibly need? Prestige? Glory? He didn't even want to be a commander in the first place, what would he do with them?

"The Romans have grown bold," Admiral Mustapha began. He was a man that looked like he had led a life of glory, and what did it earn him? A missing eye, and a head and beard full of white hair as the man was pushing seventy. And he was still working. Still chasing glory. Why not retire and spend your days in luxury? What was the point of being able to afford luxuries if you never bothered to enjoy them? "For this, they must be reminded that their days of glory are long since behind them," said the man whose past glories should be long behind him.

Hadi kept his sentiments to himself because the other commanders greeted the words with exclamations of enthusiasm. A good half dozen faces knelt before a long table with Admiral Mustapha at the head of it. Hadi was glad to be on the other end of the table, near the exit. If he was lucky, he would be sent on an errand and could use that as an excuse to miss the meeting entirely.

"Worse, the Romans have fallen to relying on a pagan to build their fortress on our land," Admiral Mustapha growled lowly. "But Allah has seen fit to punish the Romans for their sacrilege. A number of prisoners have managed to escape the slave camp." As he spoke, he made a gesture before one of the slaves pulled open the curtain to the tent they were in, revealing…

A horrifically sunburnt man and a child. The man was little more than skin and bones, leaning heavily on the child for support. Hadi nearly stood to help him walk, but the man ended up collapsing heavily at the foot of the table.

"Zafir was an agent of the Caliph, sent to infiltrate the pirates on Crete and direct them subtly to raiding the Roman coastline. He, along with a few others, managed to escape from the pagans, and he comes with a tale to tell -- in two weeks, the pagans will perform a ritual. An opportunity to catch them unaware."

Wasn't that… like… really convenient? Hadi looked around to see if anyone else shared his suspicions, and in doing so drew attention to himself.

Admiral Mustapha looked to him, "You have a question, Captain?" He asked, and Hadi cursed his luck.

Well… might as well. Better a little attention than a spear through the gut. "How much do we trust this information?" He asked, and for a man that was a stray breeze away from death, Zafir narrowed his eyes in a fierce glare.

"You doubt me?" He demanded, speaking with the edge that Msdi recognized in high nobility. Or self-important people.

Yeah, kinda. "I merely find it strange that a half dead man and a child managed to escape. And of all those that escaped with you, only the two of you managed to evade capture." He ventured, trying to float the idea to the room. Because, that was weird, right? Say a dozen men escaped, and the ones that were caught weren't the child and man that couldn't even stand on his own?

"It was the will of Allah." Of course it was. "The pagan neglected to guard Alim carefully, and he aided in my escape. The leader -- Siegfried -- is but an arrogant boy who all but bragged about his plans," Zafir said with a hateful sneer. Yeah. Right. So… the one person that this Seigfried talked to was also the one to escape. Hadi glanced at the others and… no. Nothing. He seemed to be the only one that heard those alarm bells.

"The pagan is but a boy rising high on the tall tales spun about him. Likely by his own hand," Admiral Mustapha decided and… Hadi had fought in a duel before. Probably the most terrifying thing he had experienced in his life. The flashing of blades, the stinging pain of getting cut, and the pit of guilt that opened in your gut when the high of victory faded and you realized you had killed a man. It had been a sizable affair, and probably the biggest event of his life -- big enough to be the talk of the town for years to come.

But, after he won, do you know what didn't happen?

Rumors that he slaughtered a dozen guards and ripped someone's head off with his bare hands. Maybe there was some degree of exaggeration going on there, but that meant that something insane enough had transpired that head ripping seemed like a reasonable spin on the story. In his experience -- both from the rumors about his duel, and what he heard from others -- a close fight became a one-sided beat down, and an effortless one at that. Not 'he killed him, his guards, bathed in their blood, and ripped off people's heads.'

"A pampered boy getting by with the merits of his father." For a moment, Hadi thought the words were directed at him by another one of the commanders. "He likely stands on the shoulders of his vassals. In any case, it should be his undoing." That… well, maybe that could be the case. After all, he was a prime example of how far nepotism could carry you. However, in combination with the head ripping rumor… Hadi had his doubts.

From there, his original concerns were waved off essentially as the entire line of question was dropped, leaving Hadi feeling a little foolish for speaking up at all. Perhaps he was overthinking things? Everyone seemed pretty confident, so he was probably overthinking things. Admiral Mustapha was an old man that had seen the Umayyad dynasty fall to the Abbasid, he was a veteran of a thousand and one battles. So, it was probably going to be fine.

"This opportunity means that we will be attacking without the full force," Admiral Mustapha stated and Hadi's reaction was the exact opposite of everyone else's. They reacted with excitement, eager for glory. Hadi felt nothing but despair. Simply put, the more commanders on the battlefield, the less expectations that would be put on him. "It shall be our opportunity to remind the Romans of their place. We will secure Crete, and it will act as our forward base for a full scale invasion of Anatolia. In time, of course."

The news wasn't a surprise. Hadi saw the war coming from a mile away. Pretty much the moment he heard of Emperor Leo's death, it was pretty obvious that there would be an invasion -- the man left behind a child on the throne, and Caliph al-Mahdi's own son, al-Hadi, was eager to prove himself. And while they might share a name, their natures could not be more different.

Hadi's only concern was that he was the unfortunate tip of the spear. And the thing about spears was that they often broke.

"We shall attack late into the night of their barbaric ritual, when they are drunk with their guard down. We attack by the sea, hitting their harbor, taking it, after which we shall raze their settlement to the ground but the fortress itself must be maintained. I will give the pagans this -- they chose an excellent position. After we take it, we will make use of it." The Admiral continued and, one by one, the commanders each received a task or a formation. Mercifully, Hadi wasn't in the vanguard. However, as the other names were called out and given tasks that Hadi would have preferred -- namely, securing a disembarking location -- he began to worry.

Those fears were confirmed when the Admiral looked to him, the tent steadily emptying out until it was only the Admiral, Zafir, and the kid. "Your concerns do you credit, commander. We must be prepared for the possibility of a trap." Oh, thank you Allah- "You will be placed in command of the reserves for quick response. Our approach will be staggered, and I will trust your judgment on what to do in response to any foul play by the pagans. I have high expectations for you, Commander Husain."

Uh… please don't? "... You honor me, Admiral Mustapha," Hadi managed to get out. He had to swallow the words of 'I refuse, you damned bastard!' Why him!? Why did he open his mouth in the first place!?

"Zafir and the child will be placed under your command. Should this prove to a trap…" the Admiral trailed off.

Zafir's gaze hardened, "I'll take my own life as recompense." He swore, and Hadi didn't have any doubts that he'd actually do it. That's not something you should be proud of, you know? Loyalty could be taken too far and everyone made mistakes….

Hadi's gaze went to the child, seeing his own expression was highly troubled.

At least he found one kindred spirit. The fact it was a kid… well, he hoped that said more about the kid than it did him.

…

Hadi never wanted to be in command of a single boat, but now he found that he was in command of fifty. They were all arranged in formation behind him, and he had been rather quick to hand the reins over to Zafir -- who, after two weeks of recovery, still looked half dead but could now stand on his own. Zafir was a navy man. Spent his life on a boat. Ergo, it made sense to put someone who actually knew what a bow was in charge of what should be done on a boat.

On each boat were around two hundred men -- fifty sailors with a hundred and fifty soldiers. Who were also under his command. Near ten thousand men.

Allah certainly did love his tests.

"Can barely see a damn thing," Hadi muttered to himself -- it was in the middle of the night, and while the stars were out in force, reflecting upon the lapping waves of the sea, the moon was but a sliver. To make matters worse, a low curtain of mist clung to the sea, obscuring everything before them. Some distance ahead of them, Hadi could just barely make out the other half of the fleet. A full hundred ships with nearly twenty thousand men. They would sweep across Crete, secure it, and when the invasion began, they could launch simultaneous attacks throughout Anatolia.

"It is good for us. Our approach will only be discovered when it's too late," Zafir replied, standing next to him. His skin was scarred from the sunburn he suffered, but he still seemed strong.

Hadi certainly hoped so. Everyone was biting at the bit for glory, while he hoped that he would spend the night standing on the ship waiting for something to happen.

Far beyond them, Hadi saw what had to be the pagan settlement. There was a cascade of light from a large bonfire on the beach that had many people dancing around it. He saw hundreds of them. It should be a sign that everything was going according to the plan -- that the pagans would be too drunk to put up a fight, and completely unprepared for one in the first place.

It wasn't until they began to near that he realized why he felt so uncertain.

"Where are their ships?" Hadi asked, looking into the harbor, bringing Zafir's attention to him. Hadi pointed at the harbor, seeing some vessels, but the reports claimed that the pagans had a hundred ships. So, if this was a celebration… Why would their ships not be in the harbor?

Something was wrong. Hadi felt it deep in his gut as he began to scan the fog, searching for the missing ships. There were no sign of them. Not even when the ships reached the harbor, sailing through the open mouth, and approached. Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. It was as if a noose was closing around his neck, and by the second, it was drawing tighter.

The people on the beach were too inebriated. Admiral Mustapha saw the trap and mistook it as an opportunity because it was only then the attack began -- a dozen ships landing on the beach, the warriors jumping off to commence the attack. The sounds of sudden panic echoed out, traveling over the water… Greek. Hadi didn't know the language, but he recognized how it sounded.

Why would pagan barbarians be speaking Greek as they died?

"Break off the attack!" Hadi shouted out over the water, but it was little use. Even if anyone heard his words, they didn't pay them any heed, he was but a single voice in a chaotic symphony. He stepped forward, his hands on the bow, seeing the ships enter the harbor, the others landing on the sandbark, creating a clog.

The attack came without any warning. In the darkness of night, as their warriors attacked the slaves that had been used to build the fortress, arrows marked with fire began to fill the air in a large volley. They went up, streaking from behind the palisade, to land on the ships and the people on them. The threat of fire was minimal, even if it was a dangerous combination with tar to seal the planks. However, the point wasn't to burn the ships. It was to induce panic.

"That bastard!" Zafir shouted, looking out over the sea into the mist to see three ships. He shouted like this was a personal attack on him. Hadi focused more on the ships themselves, noting their unique design. Lower in the water, but faster. Much faster. A full wind filled their sails, and the mist seemed to part for them. The ships ventured close to the chaotic mess that was the landing, firing arrows all the while. The fire, Hadi realized, was to help the archers aim.

They also revealed something.

A man. Blood red hair, with cheeks covered in a scruffy beard, wielding two axes. He leapt from the side of his ship, jumping no less than twenty feet, to land on one of their ships. The very first thing he did was behead a man, disarm another, then bury an axe in a third's skull so deeply that it reached his jaw. All within the span of a single breath.

Ah. The head ripping… yeah. That made sense now.

"We have to do something! Order the attack!" Zafir demanded, and Hadi gave him a sharp look, just barely able to keep the horror off of his face.

What an incredibly stupid thing to suggest. That guy -- the Pagan Siegfried, if he had to guess -- decided he was going to fight an army of ten thousand on his own. Why in the everloving fuck would he ever willingly put himself anywhere near him? No. He was going to stay far away where it was perfectly safe and he wasn't in head ripping distance.

Though, frustratingly, he very much doubted that Zafir would accept such reasoning.

"He's a single man and he's jumping between ships. Clustering together is the last thing we should do," Hadi replied, and a brief look of shame passed over Zafir's face. "The best thing we can do is isolate him. His ships are running interference, but the damage they can actually do to us is negligible. They're baiting us to give chase and break up our formation." That probably wasn't true, but it could be and that is what mattered. There were still the odd hundred ships still missing and Hadi already had his fill of surprise attacks.

He'd been right. The pagans saw this coming. They allowed Zafir to escape to pass false information on so that they would fall right into this trap. The slaves on the beach were likely told that they were given the day off or that they had received their freedom. In the darkness and on approach, it would make it easy to obscure their numbers and who was drinking. Even now, through the cluster of ships, Hadi saw a heavy iron chain being raised up between two towers that marked the harbor entrance -- trapping the odd two dozen ships within.

On the deck of one, Hadi saw Admiral Mustapha attempting to rally his men. It wouldn't be enough.

Hadi Husain knew who he was. He knew what he was. He was a lazy, unambitious man that could be content with a simple trouble free life. The only reason he'd accepted the commission as a commander at all was because he was told he would be stationed somewhere uneventful for a good twenty to thirty years. Hadi also understood that he was smart. Smart enough to recognize what was and what wasn't worth the effort.

Sometimes Allah was kind. Sometimes the cowardly thing to do was also the smart thing to do.

"Sound the retreat," he said, making Zafir round to him. "To call off the attack. We'll regroup under my command," Hadi stated, and that made his stomach do flips. He's pretty sure he had some nightmares that started off a lot like this.

"What about those trapped within?" Zafir demanded, his tone thunderous.

Hadi watched as an arrow found the eye of Admiral Mustapha. His vision seemed to expand because he could also see the Pagan jumping on board another ship, covered head to toe in blood. The ships still effortlessly dodged away from the few that were attempting to attack them and lock them down.

A braver man would risk it. They had the numbers. Twenty thousand against a mere two. Topple the towers, allow their fellows to escape… but it would come at a cost. A risk. Committing to that attack left them far too vulnerable.

"We leave them," Hadi heard himself say, bile climbing in the back of his throat. Twenty ships. Roughly three thousand warriors. A punishing loss, but not a crippling one yet. Zafir looked every bit as sick as Hadi felt. "Sound the retreat. We can't engage them on their terms."

A horn was blown, the signal for the retreat. The ships that had been at the back of the cluster broke off first. Once they were gone, rejoining his fleet, the second layer of the cluster had more room to maneuver, allowing them to join sooner. The very last layer, the ones that were trying to get inside the harbor… it was already too late for them. One ship was burning uncontrollably, another lacked enough men to sail it, and a third was currently being attacked by the Pagan.

"What do we do now?" Zafir demanded to know as the ship gathered itself up. He could feel everyone looking at him, their eyes asking that same question.

He didn't know. He had absolutely no idea. Where were all the other commanders? Why was it up to him of all people?

"Sail around the harbor, I want to see something," Hadi instructed. The ships. It all came down to the ships -- they were faster by half. His army -- and that fact nearly made him puke -- might be the larger of the two, but a concentrated attack would make it difficult to bring those numbers to bear. Each ship carried a hundred and fifty warriors, making the battlefield segmented.

There was a tense heavy silence on the ship as they shifted course, the only sound coming from the battle in the harbor. It was a lost cause. The only ones that didn't realize that were the ones still fighting.

The ship rounded a coast, and Hadi still found no sign of the ships. What he did find was a place to disembark -- and a plan sprung up in his mind. To land, send up the army, and to attack the settlement from both sides. Simply put, the Pagans didn't have the numbers to truly contest them. Especially if a portion of their army was in their ships, like they seemed to be.

Then he looked to the hills that the beach gave way too. There was no reason for it. He had no evidence. He just felt it in his gut -- that was a trap.

"We're moving on," Hadi decided. "They're attempting to bait us into landing. To save the trapped soldiers. The moment we do, they'll attack and we won't have the organization to repel them." No one should have believed him. There was only empty shadows and mist, but all of a sudden, everyone looked at the landing point more fearfully.

Should they return back to base? Write it off as a failure? But…

Admiral Mustapha was dead. That bastard. Hadi wasn't really in charge of the fleet, but… but he gave the order. When the Caliph heard that he left three thousand men to die with nothing to show for it…

Hm. He'd die. He'd definitely be executed.

Hadi wracked his memory for something, anything that would save his neck. He almost laughed when he came up with the answer.

"Chania. We sail for Chania down the coast. If the pagans wish to give chase, they'll be forced to fight on our terms. We'll raid throughout Anatolia and the Greek Peninsula to prevent the Romans from mustering up a proper response," Hadi decided. It was perfect. Absolutely perfect.

It would buy time for some other asshole to take charge of the situation, and when it came time to take responsibility for any failings during the campaign, it'd be their head on the chopping block. Additionally, it would wash the sting out of this defeat and then he could spin it as something like a distraction. Yeah… yeah, that would work. He just needed to do well enough to avoid execution, but not too well that everyone decided that he should remain in charge.

It would be threading the needle, but when it came to be a coward, Hadi knew no one did it better than him. It was the one thing he was confident about.

"As you command… Admiral Hadi." Zafir acknowledged and that… that was going to take some getting used to.

…

"Oh," Thorkell muttered, scratching at his scarred eye, watching the fleet of ships sail right on by, ignoring their ambush entirely. "That one is pretty sharp," he acknowledged, leaning on his Dane Axe as he watched them go. Based on the number of ships in the fleet, it seemed that Siegfried's trap hadn't managed to take as large of a bite out of their numbers as he had hoped.

His lips curled into an easy smile. "Ah, well. At least Siegfried won't be bored. It's about time he found someone to cut his teeth on for tactics."

Looks like they had an interesting war ahead of them.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 889 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Staying One's Hand
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,901
I couldn't help it. I was a little dumbfounded. "They retreated?" I asked, looking at Thorkel, covered in drying blood. I had rushed over, anticipating a fierce battle to contest the landing, only to see the ships that we were meant to be fighting sailing down the coast. "Or are they looking for another place to land? Were you discovered?" This was… odd. In the end, the Abbasids outnumbered us ten to one. The fact of the matter was that we needed clever tricks to bring their numbers down to the point we could fight them.

I suppose sending an army of twenty thousand strong in a full retreat was an incredible feat, but it was more dumbfounding than impressive.

"Don't think so. The second in command must have a lot sharper of a nose than the first," Thorkel reasoned with a small shrug of his shoulders. "Looks like they could be sailing up to Chania, though."

"Baiting us into an attack?" I wondered, and if so, it was clever. Dangerously clever. The Abbasids could afford to split their army up into smaller pieces. But if I committed to the defense of Chania, I would be forced to abandon my fort. An army of ten thousand- an army of five thousand could take Chania with ease. While we defended the town, the Abbadids could sweep around and take our settlement.

And, perhaps, that would have been a difficult choice for me to face if the Romans had anything but contempt for me.

"Our orders are to build a fort and hold it. Defending Chania wasn't in the contract," I voiced. The town would be sacked. Rather viciously, I would imagine after the army's stinging defeat here. It would be bothersome if they decided to attack overland with a full army. But, in the very worst case scenario, we could simply pack up our people and leave the settlement behind. Less than ideal, but I wasn't willing to have my people die in a pointless battle over land that I wouldn't hold for more than a few years.

Thorkel appraised me for a moment before he nodded, patting me on the back. "Now you're thinking like a mercenary. Things got blurry in Francia… but you'll never get a thank you or a bonus for going above and beyond what the contract says." I suppose that's true. I got too invested in Francia. Charlemagne and his Paladins had felt like an existential threat.

I was almost tempted to still ride out to Chania's defense. Leaving the town to die was a cold decision that I hadn't thought I was capable of. But… These were not my people. This was not my land…

This was not my problem.

"Let's head back and clean up the harbor. I suspect we'll be needing it in the near future," I suspected, looking away from the sailing ships. The commander of them was someone I would have to keep an eye on. He was too clever by half, and now he possessed a hundred ships and a navy twenty thousand strong. I hoped that the Romans would pay me to deal with him, but until then… I wouldn't be lifting a finger.

…

Chania was sacked every bit as brutally as I had anticipated the very same night that I pulled back my army. What I hadn't anticipated was that, over the course of weeks, the Abbasid commander would strike out at Anatolia and Greece. The fact that the fleet and army was called a 'pirate' fleet had led me to believe that they would be conservative in their actions. They turned out to be anything but. Towns and villages throughout the Roman Empire on this side of the Black Sea were put to the torch.

It wasn't so much raiding as it was razing. I had seen the damage done myself -- burnt out buildings, fields laid to waste, the people of villages either in chains or dead in their homes. Along the coast there was a wake of devastation, equal to anything that I saw in Francia. The towns that were razed were more interesting, simply because they had been taken fast. Perhaps not as fast as I could have taken them, but towns that could have held out for years fell within a few weeks. Some only lasted days.

It was enough to clue me in that something was going on behind the scenes. Either the Abbasids had a liberal amount of spies scattered throughout Rome who had been waiting for this, or it was the work of someone else. I had no evidence to support the claim, but based on what I knew, I was ready to point a finger at Strategos Tatzates. Strategos Lachanodrakon's lands took most of the damage. Given what I knew about their rivalry… I could very easily see Strategos Tatzates having spies in Strategos Lachanodrakon's lands, and then handing the Abbasids the key to the gates for no other benefit than it made his rival look bad.

And look bad he did. News came in a trickle over the course of weeks, but Strategos Lachanodrakon's inability to contain the threat had earned him a great deal of ire from the crown. There were rumors circulating that he could be facing execution for his failures. And, more than anything else, that stayed my hand. I didn't at all care for Strategos Lachanodrakon, even if I found myself caring even less for Strategos Tatzates with his short sighted actions. I suspected my beliefs wouldn't be a secret forever, but the man hadn't done me any favors.

Though, in a fit of irony, the Abbasids had.

"The refugees have settled in. Tensions are still high, but Morrigan says that we don't have to worry about a rebellion for now," Jill informed, wearing a small satisfied smile.

"Our guest is behaving then?" I asked, nursing a cup of mead as I leaned back into my throne. Around the longhouse were signs that Yule was here and, off in the distance, I could hear the sounds of celebration. My gaze flickered to Jill to see her satisfied smile grow a fraction and I had my answer.

Lord Mimir had managed to escape Chania with his retinue, and he came to the one place he viewed as safe on the island.

Our settlement.

In truth, when I saw the man for the first time… I had wanted to kill him. He was disgusting -- he'd abandoned his own people to save his skin, fleeing before the attack on Chania had even begun based on the timing. But, I stayed my hand. The coward lord did have his uses. Or, his noble seal did, and as long as he was with us, we essentially had full access to it.

He wasn't the only one to make their way to our settlement. Of the odd thousand people that had once resided in Chania, five hundred of them had trickled into the settlement. Sometimes in large groups, other times one by one. In function, Chania was being abandoned entirely. They'd lost a number of people, the town had been razed, and now the few that could have rebuilt it had decided that it wasn't worth the effort.

On paper, the citizens were ruled by Lord Mimir. In practice, they were ruled by me.

It brought our burgeoning settlement to a town partially overnight -- two thousand Norsemen, five hundred Greeks, three hundred pirates, and now four hundred Abbasid thralls that were left of the invading army. Bringing the population to around three thousand and five hundred at any given moment.

"The tensions are easing thanks to Yule. There are plenty that are getting worked up about a pagan holiday, but most are treating it as an occasion to drink and make merry," Jill said, not answering my question. "The influx in trade has helped things out immensely. Though, I am worried about how it might appear to the Romans."

"They couldn't protect their own ports and even they aren't foolish enough to believe that we could defeat an army ten times our number alone," I reasoned. The Emperor, or more likely, his mother, had sent an agent to inspect the settlement. He hadn't said as much, but his presence had indicated that they were exploring the possibility that we had betrayed them. Those fears were put to rest when they saw signs of battle, the captured ships, and the notable prisoners. One of which was an old man that had been the leader of the fleet. He'd taken an arrow to the eye, but in a twist, it was the same eye that he had already been missing.

I sent the agent off with a simple reasoning for why the Abbadids broke off their attack early.

'They sought softer prey.'

Let the imperial court chew on that, I thought, taking another sip of my mead before Jill broke me out of my thoughts with a slight smack on the arm. "You could stand to be a little politer," she pointed out and I fought off a scowl. She wasn't wrong, but if they wanted me to be polite then they should be so first. "It's an issue for us as well. The crown was meant to be paying for the building supplies, but timber and stone have shot up in price. Building a fort is no small expense, but it might seem like an unimportant one when a half dozen towns are rubble."

"And with war on the horizon," I agreed. The veneer was so thin that it might as well not exist, but it was there. I expected the attacks to be the onset of war outright, but the crown seemed to be building up its army slowly. I imagine the Abbasids would be doing the same. Both were likely waiting for winter to end before the two empires clashed. "But I never held out hope that the crown would meet their obligations. We'll just build it ourselves. We're in a position to, at the moment."

As one would expect, with most of the ports being burned down, trade in the area took a hit. The natural trading hubs couldn't be used, and by default, we became the only natural option. I encouraged that position by cutting normal tariffs in half -- it would beggar a normal town, but we were a budding one. It didn't take long for word to spread and soon enough, ships began to sail into the harbor to sell and buy goods. It was just the start, but I was hoping to solidify our position before Chares could poison the well.

Michalis further smoothed things along, using the influence he had gathered to point troubled merchants in my direction. And, soon, that influence would breed and grow. We were working in a hurry as both war and recovery loomed on the horizon but I resolved myself -- Chares would be destroyed before the war started. I wouldn't tolerate an enemy at my back.

Jill hummed, "It looks bad on the crown if they can't accomplish this much, but I suppose you're right." She acknowledged before she tilted her head at me. "You should shave your beard."

I looked at her with a betrayed look, leaning away from her just in case she had a razor in hand. She rolled her eyes at my protests, "I'm a man. I have to have a beard." It had even started to really grow in as of late. "Not having a beard is a man's shame." Even having scratchy fuzz on your cheeks was better than not having a beard at all.

"It'll hide your scar," Jill said, pointing at her neck. "People will have to ask why you're the Wolf-Kissed." I hated that she had a point. A full length beard would hide the scar, but it almost seemed worth it. Jill seemed to realize that she was losing me because she swiftly continued, "Keep it short and shave your neck, then. You'll get to keep your manly beard and show off your namesake."

That would- I opened my mouth before I narrowed my eyes, "Did you just diplomacy me?" I accused, making Jill's eyes dance with amusement. I was going to take that as a yes. A hand went to my beard, stroking it consideringly. I suppose I could try it out for a time to see how it looked. Jill's smile grew when she knew she had me, and I'm pretty sure I would be more annoyed if it wasn't for her blessing.

"Right now, there isn't much else that requires our attention," Jill smoothly moved on from the topic. "We have to wait and see what the fleet does."

I grunted at that. Chania had been left to rot, with the Abbasids returning to their own settlement. However, they periodically sent portions of their fleet out to continuously raid Rome. A dozen ships here and there, large enough that I didn't feel comfortable sailing out to pick them off as it would leave our position too exposed. My ships were faster, so I had little to fear from them, but I could feel the Abbasids probing for weakness. They wouldn't find any, but their presence was alarming.

"Domestically…" Jill trailed off, her tone light and I looked at her, expecting her to continue. She seemed to chew on what she had to say for a long moment before she spat it out, "Astrid. She hasn't been well." Instantly, every muscle tensed and I nearly jumped out of my seat, before Jill placed a calming hand on my wrist. "She's not ill. Well, no more ill than one would expect from a pregnant woman, but… she's been listless. Before, she trained to fill her days, and now she can't. And she's well aware that she won't likely be part of the coming war."

I relaxed, slowly. "What do you have in mind?" I asked her, and Jill frowned ever so slightly.

"I'm not entirely sure," she admitted. "I thought she would enjoy being given a command position, but…" she trailed off. The men wouldn't care for being led by a pregnant woman, my wife or not. And I would never accept her being on the battlefield when she carried my child. "I don't know. And I don't think I should do anything. Hoffer has been… less than pleased with my responsibilities," Jill remarked lightly.

I nodded shallowly, understanding her point. Hoffer feared that I favored Jill more than I did Astrid, and even if I did, he wouldn't voice any of his complaints. His family had already gained a crown. However, his complaints were more than political in nature. He was an older brother. A good one, I would think. If I had been in his position… I very likely would have done more than scowl.

Jill handled Diplomacy. Morrigan handled Intrigue. I handled Martial, Learning, and Stewardship. I suppose I could understand why Astrid felt out of place when she could no longer be a warrior on the battlefield.

"I have something," I said. In the end, out of everyone, Astrid was the most like me. She struggled with the etiquette of court, vastly preferring to speak her mind, and the subtlety of intrigue was more annoying than fulfilling. Astrid was at her best when there was a clear goal and an enemy and she could march forward to reach them. The only difference between us was that I had found learning to occupy my time.

Jill seemed faintly relieved as I emptied my cup and set it to the side. Leaning over, my lips brushed her cheek, and even with the chaste kiss, Jill flushed. It was actually something of a reassurance. Jill was… strong, I suppose the easiest way to say it. But, it was good to see that underneath that strength, Jill still had shades of that shy girl that ran after giving me a shield.

Stepping out of the Longhouse, my feet carried me down the path. The wall has been coming together nicely once we began to freely scavenge what was left of Chania. Thick stone was being layered up, a rough gate forming -- a trench would be dug in front of the wall to make it a little more difficult for the attackers, but that would come later. I felt the sharp looks from the captured Abbasids, who now took the place of the pirates when it came to back breaking labor.

I ignored them as my gaze swept over the settlement. More buildings had been put up with salvaged wood from the Abbasid ships. We kept a few for transport, because they were much larger than our ships even if they were much slower. And, as I looked out at the settlement, I used my new gift from the gods for protecting my settlement with no real damage to speak of.

Structural Analysis

With a single glance, you can fully understand the history of an object or building. The materials that it is made of, its history… where it is strong, and where it is weak.

It had a unique interaction with Grading, I learned, because when I used Structural Analysis, my vision became filled with information. The buildings were graded, as was the road -- the flaws of their construction were highlighted in my mind, where the heat escaped them with a draft or where one part of the building would accumulate more damage in comparison to the rest.

The combination worked well with Simulation, because I could see not only how well the settlement would hold up in more extreme circumstances, I saw exactly where the shortcomings were. Each building's Grade going up or down depending on the challenges that they faced. It was a useful combination. A very useful one. It would be more useful back home when it came to our harsh winters in comparison to this rather mild one.

Even now, while there was a chill in the air, I could walk around without a shirt on if I wished, much less requiring a cloak to keep warm.

The settlement wasn't what I wanted yet, but we were laying the foundations for it now. Soon, stone would be shipped over from Anatolia, and we could begin building the true settlement that I had envisioned. My feet carried me through it, mentally noting the weaknesses of the buildings around me. Most would be torn down and moved when construction began, but it was useful information all the same.

Despite the festivities, I knew where I could find Astrid. The settlement was packed with people -- the former pirates enjoying a break alongside my warriors. Most of their numbers had been culled during the Abbasid attack. And, for one reason or another, the pirates seemed to hate the Abbasids more than they did us even if we were the one that put them in that position. I suppose they thought it had been mere chance that the Abbasids attacked when we allowed the pirates their freedom.

A useful misunderstanding as it put the two groups at odds rather than joining forces against us.

The settlement spread out between the cliffs and hills, and already, there were talks about securing another hill for the sake of protection. I wasn't sure if anything would actually come of it yet because our population would need to continue to grow, but Astrid had found a place where she liked to linger.

I made my way up the hill, approaching what looked to be one of the only trees on the island. A proud oak tree that had been planted near the cliff's edge, a straight drop down to the ocean below. I found Astrid sitting on a pile of stacked stones, looking out into the distance towards Anatolia. She wore a red dress lined with white fur, a hand resting on her stomach. She was showing even more now. In five short months, I would be a father.

She didn't miss my approach, glancing my way, and I offered a small smile, "Enjoying the view?" I asked, and I heard her snort in amusement.

"Keeping watch," she corrected. "It's about the only thing I can do these days." She added with a small shrug of her shoulders. I suppose that made more sense. Astrid didn't strike me as the type to enjoy a view for the sake of it.

I reached her and took a seat next to her, looking out at the ocean. It was a good view, if nothing else. Then, reaching into my belt, I passed her a scroll. Astrid cooked an eyebrow at it before unraveling it. "What's this?" She asked, looking at the Greek lettering and I gave her a thin smile.

"It's an account of Hannibal," I said, tapping the scroll. "One of the greatest generals in history, as far as I can tell. A thousand years ago, when Rome was a fledgling republic, they were rivals with an empire known as Carthage. Hannibal was one of the Carthaginian generals, and he alone nearly brought Rome to its knees. He struck such fear into the Romans, his victories so certain, that the Roman generals refused to fight him on the field. Simply harassing him as they chased him throughout their kingdom, with Hannibal inflicting horrific damage all the while."

I had her interest, Astrid turning her attention to the page with renewed interest, as if she were attempting to understand the words even if she didn't read the language. Astrid favored martial pursuits. And, perhaps, I could tempt her into something else… but that would be tantamount to admitting that she would have to abandon her martial skills. She was a fine fighter. But…

"The Romans kept records of their defeats?" Astrid asked, sounding amused.

"So great was Hannibal that their victory over him -- not due to clever tricks on their end, but the lack of support on Hannibals from his nation, was worth engraving in their history," I answered. "You're the only one that would share my interest in this history. Jill doesn't care for war, and Morrigan doesn't care at all. I would like us to learn together -- the tactics used by the great generals of old, so we may learn from their victories and their defeats."

A general. What I needed from Astrid was for her to become a general. One that could stand shoulder to shoulder with me and command. Thorkel was a good leader, but he wasn't a general. Neither was Olek or Hoffer.

I could see that Astrid knew what I was doing, but she seemed rather pleased with it. A soft smile touched her lips before she rested her head on my shoulder. "It'd be easier if I could read this myself, but until then, you're stuck reading to me." She remarked, getting herself comfortable.

And with a soft smile of my own, I began.

....

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 814 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Invitations You Can't Refuse
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 14, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,922
Winter came and went but, honestly, I could barely tell when winter ended and spring began. The winters were very different in this land compared to my homeland -- winter, a true winter, was when it was so cold you dared not step out of your home. When snow piled high outside your door to the point that you were essentially buried inside, waiting for the thaw of spring to leave. It was just one of many differences that I had to get used to in this land.

Another one was that the gods did not visit this land. There was no rainbow bridge of greens and blues that filled the sky at night, marking the gods' passage. It was something of a relief, to be honest. It explained why Odin, Thor, Frigga, and all the other gods of my homeland were unknown.

The only true way to tell that time had passed was through the settlement -- I had failed to name it in time, and because of that it was named Nordland by the Greeks. Work continued through the winter, and with small steps Nordland was looking more and more like I had envisioned. The projects were still underway, but the hastily constructed buildings of wood were slowly being replaced by houses of stone. A blend of styles, though still distinctly Norse, merely with marble and clay.

I was rather proud of them, if I was being completely honest. They stood at two floors tall, the exterior made of brick while wood served as the support in the corners and a cross section to hold up the second floor. Each floor had a hearth connected by a clay pipe that allowed them to share the heat while the smoke would continue to rise out of what the Greeks called a chimney. A staircase on the outside of the building allowed for two separate entrances. Only a handful had been completed, but with every one that was built, we saved the space of a homestead.

And we would need the space. Michalis had proven his worth several times over. The destruction of a large number of ports in Anatolia had proven to be quite the opportunity for him and us both -- the more merchants he drove to our harbor, the more influence he accrued, which led to merchants seeking him out. It wouldn't last forever. Already, a fair few ports that had been attacked were back up and running, but the disruption and our subsequent establishment meant that we were a peer and competitor rather than a small port.

Our harbor ended up getting expanded. We had six long docks and four short docks now, all lining the beach. All sharing a road that led to the gate that protected the harbor. There was some talk about dredging the sandbank to allow more ships to sail through the small harbor opening, but if we did, it wouldn't be for some time. The palisade that protected Nordland by the harbor was then reinforced with a ditch. The main gate led to a road that swerved around in the relatively flat space before finding a slow incline, before that incline led up to the fortress.

The increase in ship traffic led to a population boom as well. There were a number of refugees in the wake of the Abbasid attacks, and a fair few of them decided to settle in what was now a town. Displaced merchants who were down on their luck also chose to settle in Nordland at Michalis' urging, bringing further trade connections to the town. In a handful of months, the population had nearly doubled, taking us to nearly six thousand citizens.

The population boom had no signs of slowing down either, and we were considering expanding beyond the valley most of Nordland was nestled in. The location that was being discussed the most was the hill that Astrid and I spent our evenings on as I taught her how to read Greek and Latin so that we could study the glories of great leaders past. It would be a shame to lose the private spot, but the hill was the natural location for a fortress, and we could expand there with little difficulty. In truth, some already were with makeshift housing.

Things were going well. Extremely well. There was the occasional issue -- a probing from the Abbasids or Chares on the mainland. He did what he could to curb our growing influence as a trading port, but for all of his influence, the merchant alliances' loyalty was to wealth above all. We already had a few merchants that were breaking away from Chares, trading with us despite strict orders not to. Discreetly, of course. But it was a clear sign that his grip on the alliance was slipping. Soon, I would rip it from his grasp entirely.

"We have ships on the horizon," Astrid informed me, her belly round. A few more months and I would be a father. I tore my gaze away from Nordland, overlooking it from my view of the cliffside, watching it develop as buildings were being constructed, the marketplace thriving, and arguments between locals started and ended in an endless loop. Astrid looked more beautiful than ever, but something about her expression worried me. "Thirty of them. Five are Roman ships… and twenty-five are longships."

That made me raise an eyebrow. "Longships? Here?" I echoed, taking a moment to mull that information over. That didn't make any sense, I decided. My patrol fleets that served as an early warning system in case the Abbasids mustered their strength against us only patrolled on groups of five. I couldn't see why any of the ships I used as merchant vessels would be grouped together so.

My second thought was Horrik. It was completely unreasonable, as I very much doubted that he would risk sailing so far just to attack me with an army he would know I outnumbered. But it seemed to be the only reasonable explanation considering that I had no other to explain why a fleet of longships would be in the Mediterranean sea.

"Their figureheads are down, so I don't think they have ill intentions," Astrid answered. Meaning that they did not wish to offend the spirits of this land. Not something that one typically did unless you intended to linger. I turned my attention to the sea, hoping to catch a glimpse of the approaching fleet.

"How full were the ships?" I asked, and Astrid stood next to me.

"Full. They aren't here to trade," She ventured. That was potentially worrisome. I possessed nearly a hundred ships, but if I fully manned them I would only have twenty full ships. For the most part, my ships were used to transport cargo with around twenty to thirty warriors on each of them. A full ship could hold up to a hundred warriors. Meaning that with twenty-five ships… that was two thousand and five hundred men, which put our numbers near even, but attacking a defensive position…

I caught a glimpse of the approaching fleet as they made a wide arc around the coast of the island to approach. True Vision turned the world gray-

"They're allies," I realized, looking out at the ships and they were blue. The Roman ships weren't, but the longships were. Each ship held around a hundred men, from what I saw, and out of the hundred nearly eighty of each ship was blue with the rest being gray. Honestly, the sight confused me more than anything else.

"How do you figure that? Did you find a spare army in your pocket?" Astrid asked, as I looked between the ships. There was more blue in these two and a half thousand strangers than there was in my own army. There was even a single ship that was marked blue because everyone on board was considered a trusted friend. And because there was so much blue in the army, when I caught a glimpse of something else, it stood out.

There was a lone, solitary man on one of the ships, working an oar, who was marked with red.

I trusted True Vision. Honestly, I trusted it a great deal more than I did Tell-Spotter. Letting the color fade, I watched them approach. Taking Astrid by the hand, I began heading to the longhouse where we would receive them as guests.

"Looks like we'll need to expand the settlement sooner rather than later," I mused, entering the longhouse and taking a seat on the throne after sending messengers to bring the representatives of the fleet to me. If they intended to stay, that was another near three thousand people added to the town.

I brought up a quest that was given to me over the winter, when the population boom began.

Quest: Founding a city.
Objectives:
Population: 5,670/25,000
Wealth: 10,687/100,000
Military power: 2,544/10,000
Notable buildings: 1/5

Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Trait: City Builder. 3 Stewardship perks. 1 Diplomacy perk.

City Builder: Locations for cities will be highlighted for the user -- Green for good, yellow for neutral, and red for poor.

When managing or visiting a city owned by user, the city's stats will be revealed and are as follows:

Happiness
Quality of life
Population growth
Wealth
Security
Education
Religion

As well as other detailed information such as imports, exports, notable figures within the city, notable goods found within, spheres of influence, and expected levys.

It was a list of targets for me to reach before the gods would acknowledge Nordland as a city. The goals weren't unattainable, but it would take some time. Years. However, they seemed worth it, I decided -- the Prestige was excellent, the perks would help a great deal, but above all else, I desired the trait. It would be invaluable when I returned to Denmark and found myself king.

I was broken from my thoughts when the doors to the longhouse swung open. Immediately, I sat up when I saw familiar faces. "Michalis? Alexios?" I greeted them, not entirely sure why they were here. They hadn't sent a letter announcing their intentions. I was more curious why Alexios was here, the old man looking around the building with interest. He especially seemed delighted with the wooden floors. Michalos, however, gave a subtle nod of his head to the man that accompanied them.

They were accompanied by a third man and I didn't recognize him at all. However, to True Vision, he shone a brilliant shade of blue. He was as blue as Thorkel, who I knew I could trust with my life. He stood around my height of five ten, a thick black beard and hair with dark green eyes. The moment he saw me, he dropped to a knee in a bow, completely unprompted.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed. It is my highest honor to greet you," the man began, and there was awe in his voice. "We have sailed a long journey across the known world, following in your footsteps." He made it sound like he took a pilgrimage -- journeyed to one of our holy sites. "Many thought us mad, but our faith in the gods and you has been rewarded."

What? I blinked, not entirely sure how to answer. "Take refreshments and be at ease. You honor me with your words. Might I know your name?" I asked, and the man seemed a little embarrassed that he forgot to introduce himself.

"I am Garald Jornson. I hail from Denmark, as do most of those that have followed," Garald introduced himself, catching my attention. "Legends of your deeds in Francia have already spread far and wide. Chosen by the gods, a son of Thor -- you crushed the Christians, avenged our people and united Norway, before traveling here, to the edge of the world." I fought to keep my expression neutral as he spoke -- his tone…

The man sounded awed. Like he could hardly believe that I was real.

The man looked at me like he was looking upon a god. He looked how I imagined I would look if Odin appeared before me in the flesh -- happy, but completely overwhelmed.

"You followed me. Sailing down during winter," I acknowledged. We sailed quickly down the Dnieper River, meaning that for at least a month, these men had sailed during the height of winter. Possibly through the winter. All to reach me here. "Why?"

"To serve you," Garald stated as if that was a perfectly reasonable explanation. Like it was all the reason that he could possibly need. Astrid shifted next to me, and even Michalis seemed disquieted with the sheer reverence in Garald's voice. "Despite King Horrik's efforts and how he has twisted the tales -- we know the truth. You are the chosen of the gods and our purpose is to serve you in Midgard. We beg of you to command us! Let us be your sword and shield."

That…

That was a lot. A whole lot. For a dangerous second, my mind was completely blank, struggling to form a response to that. Because he wasn't lying. He was being completely honest -- he, and nearly three thousand others, had sailed from Denmark into unknown waters and lands, for no greater reason than the fact that I was here. I had expected my legend would grow over time, but I didn't expect this. This was more than just faith. This was fanaticism. Garald was a zealot, and he'd decided that I was his god.

Thankfully, Jill spoke up and I was barely aware of when she entered the room. "King Horrik has attempted to twist the tales?" She prompted, making Garald look at me with an expression like he had just bitten into something sour. Like he dared not utter the words or I might smite him.

It shook me from my thoughts and I nodded at him. "Speak freely," I ordered and Garald let out a small breath of relief.

"He has done his best to taint your reputation. He gives credit for your deeds to his son, Grimar, and claims that you murdered him. That when you set sail and passed Alabu by, it was because you were a coward that feared to face him in battle. Some are foolish enough to believe it, but most don't. When we learned of your destination, a number of Thegns and warriors joined together to follow you. We are men of faith, and there are many in Denmark that believe, but lack the courage to venture into the unknown." He continued, and I only had more questions.

Still, one thing stood out to me. "Seems like dogs bark the loudest when behind a fence," I muttered to myself in contempt. I wasn't surprised that Horrik was trying to taint my reputation. He might even succeed, because it would be years before I returned. Still, it was heartening to hear that his lies were struggling to take root.

Garald nodded with the severity of a man giving a death sentence. "As most of his ilk are. But, now that I have found you, allow me to return to Denmark. There, I can spread word of the truth and bring more of the faithful here to this strange land under your banner." That was…

Tempting. That was very tempting. However, right now, there were more pressing matters. "We can have that discussion at another time. First, we shall celebrate your arrival. You have come a very long way on faith, and I shall see that it is rewarded. Return to your ships and disembark. We shall arrange for lodging," I told him, wanting time to recover from everything that he threw at me before I committed any plans.

Garald almost seemed disappointed that he wasn't going to be sailing back to Denmark right away, but he nodded all the same. "You have our gratitude, Lord Wolf-Kissed." He said, bowing his head and taking the dismissal. The very moment that he was gone, I drug a hand over my face, stunned at the turn of events.

"Huh. I'm carrying the child of a god," Astrid remarked teasingly, seemingly delighted in my bafflement. "A grandson of Thor."

"Please don't," I sighed, looking to Michalis and Alexios, almost pleading for an explanation. Michalis inclined his head to me.

"They arrived some three days ago, looking for you. It was pure luck that I happened to be in Constantinople when they arrived, and I managed to prevent them from causing a riot. They were quickly noted to be of your people, and as a result, drew… undue attention," Michalis began, his lips thinning. "The Empress's right hand man, Staurakios, summoned us both for an audience, and… well… Empress Irene was there. And I… I was expected to translate. Accurately." Michalis admitted with a wince and my lips thinned.

I felt a headache forming. I could already imagine what was said. "Their reaction?" I asked, almost fearing it. Until now, I had been generally beneath the notice of Empress Irene, and her son. It was an unusual feeling, but it was the truth. To the high nobility, I was merely a mercenary.

"Their prior belief was that you were a prince fleeing your homeland with your retinue," Michalis answered. "However… loyalty is difficult to enforce at a distance. Especially such fierce and unprompted loyalty, as I made it clear that you weren't aware of their arrival. Which… helped less than I think any of us prefer. The imperial court now has questions on why your people believe you to be a demi-god. Or a god outright. The clergy are demanding that you be burned at the stake. Staurakios believes that this is a plot to assemble an army to strike at Constantinople itself…"

Rather unwelcome and severe accusations. However, Michalis was here with an army of fanatics and not an imperial navy.

"Did you manage to convince them otherwise?" I asked, and if so, he had greatly exceeded my expectations of his diplomatic ability. Because that would be a feat worthy of a runestone.

"I convinced them of your intentions. With difficulty. Alexios was called in as a character witness to confirm that you are here for knowledge rather than to raid. Your recent rise in influence… has not endeared you to some," Michalis added, and that wasn't a surprise. "It was enough to convince them that they should meet with you and ascertain your intentions themselves. As such, I am here to extend an invitation to you for a celebration to welcome spring by Empress Irene."

I rubbed my forehead, the headache coming in strong. That would mean leaving Nordland for a brief period, and I was reluctant to do so. I was more worried about that than I was about a potential trap. It would involve what I imagine would be a tedious conversation with the upper nobility, but… all the same, I saw the opportunity for what it was.

I had the imperial court's attention now. Their full attention. War was on the horizon. And, with the zealots, I had an army of five thousand. They would require training and arming, but… that was a considerable force. Especially when they were being led by me. It was a dangerous opportunity, but if I managed to make the right impression… I could earn the favor of the imperial family. Of the Empress and Emperor.

It would be a conversation that decided everything. Including if I would spend the next few years in the Roman Empire, or if I would cut my losses.

I settled into my throne, my expression set in a fierce scowl. "Then I shall accept this invitation."

No matter what, I swore… the Romans would learn that they could not tread on me.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 816 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 14, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Patronage
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,965
Constantinople was no less incredible than I recalled, I thought as my lone ship sailed into a familiar harbor. For all the troubles coming to this land had brought me, despite all of the challenges, merely looking upon the city and its opulent grandeur reminded me why I was here in the first place. It was a testament of what could be accomplished with the right knowledge applied in the correct ways.

I stood on the bow of my ship, dressed in finery but in the distinct clothing of my people. A red silk tunic that was embroidered with flying ravens at the hem, black trousers and a pair of boots that came up to my knee. I had taken Jill's advice and trimmed down my beard, making it more orderly and making sure that the wolf kiss upon my neck was clearly seen while my hair was in a long braid that fell to the center of my back. My sword was at my belt that was marked with gold and embroidered running wolves. To my people, I was dressed like a king like no other.

Despite my wishes, Morrigan had accompanied me on the journey -- the argument that she presented was simply too sound. I was walking into a den of vipers, and with her there, I could see the web of relationships amongst the high nobility. The Strategos. The Counts. The Lord Mayors and the wealthy. Jill and Astrid had wanted to come, but I wouldn't risk Astrid or our child, and while her presence would have been beneficial, Jill simply wasn't necessary. There was a very real possibility that blood would be shed, and I would have my hands full protecting Morrigan through the city.

"Your studies have suffered," Alexios pointed out to me as the ship sailed into the harbor, a welcoming party prepared to greet us. They were all marked as gray, and I was unfamiliar with all of them. "In every topic save those related to war.," he added, his tone marked with evident disapproval. I swallowed a wince, knowing that he was all too right.

I came here to learn, and yet I found myself pulling ahead in Stewardship more than I did Learning. I spoke Arabic reasonably well, as I did Persian, yet neither had granted me a Learning gift from the gods. I studied the exploits of past generals, and while I did learn plenty, there was no perk. Either the gods were displeased with me in some capacity, or I had been under the wrong impression of what counted towards Learning.

"I find them easier," I admitted to Alexios while I kept an eye on an apprehensive Michalis. He was dressed in rich robes of silk, lavishly embroidered with fine stitching with gemstones embedded into the cloth while he wore rings of heavy gold. Our time apart had been kind to him and his influence had clearly grown. "But you are right. I'm not challenging myself," I said, knowing that was the crux of the issue.

I wasn't learning topics that I found difficult to ponder. I wasn't thinking. Polyglot made it easy to learn languages, and while it was very convenient for me, the ease of the learning robbed it of the experience. And-

I was distracting myself. "I'll do better," I told Alexios, and he seemed pleased with me identifying my shortcoming. Though, that was only the case if this conversation went well, and there was a very real possibility that it wouldn't, I reminded myself as the ship began to slow. Then, with a thump of wood against wood, I knew that we had arrived at our destination.

The greeting was very different from the first time I came here, at least, for as soon as I stepped onto the dock the party that stood at the end of it began to play music. Soft flutes and drums with some boys singing a hymn -- all of them watching me with obvious interest even as they sang. At the head of the group was a man in robes with a heavy looking token around his neck. He greeted me warmly with a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes, "Most noble Siegfried. You bless the city with your arrival," he lied. "You and your lady wife."

Morrigan sneered so hard it was a wonder she didn't pull something, "I am not his wife, you oaf." Her Greek still carried an accent, but she spoke it rather well. There was a smile tugging at her painted black lips when she saw a brief expression of panic flicker on the man's face.

"My utmost apologies. Your… mistress, then," he hedged. And it seemed that bringing a mistress to a party thrown by the Emperor was considered rude. I was well past the point of caring. "Please, allow us to escort you to the imperial palace where the festivities shall begin-- fifteen days and fifteen nights of feasting, entertainment, and music to welcome the new year." He said, stepping back to reveal a palanquin - a covered seat for two on a platform that would be carried by a team of servants, who were currently kneeling to better allow access.

"We would be glad to. Naturally, my men shall follow," I replied, my voice dry. The answer was self-evident-- it was expected for nobility to be followed by personal guards and servants. That wasn't why I was asking. I wanted to see his reaction to hearing that I would be joined by two dozen men. My warrior companions, each equipped with a long shirt of riveted chainmail, a dane axe, and a round shield. Not an invincible force by any means, but a notable one.

There wasn't any reaction in the messenger's face. "Of course, Lord Siegfried," he replied without hesitation. Either the ambush would be so overwhelming that he didn't foresee problems, there wasn't one at all, or he was simply ignorant of it. No matter, I decided, approaching the palanquin and getting on it. Morrigan accepted my hand to help her up, if only because of the tightness of the black dress that she wore.

It was a dark velvet that hugged her closely. Her golden necklace still hung at her neck, but it was over a white silk undershirt that clasped around her neck with a large ruby. Black raven feathers adorned a shoulder, the only shoulder that possessed a sleeve that loosened considerably at the elbow. Her other pale arm was left unadorned, save for the golden trinkets that she collected adorning her wrist. It was a striking dress, and very clearly Morrigan rather than Norse or Roman. She wore it well, even if it did restrict her movement.

"They aren't chasing us off, at least," Morrigan remarked in Norse.

"The precautions are unnecessary. You have been given an invitation by the Emperor himself -- to attack you now would shame them," Michalis stated, taking a seat next to me. Unfortunately, Alexios wouldn't be joining us. He only made the trip because Michalis, rather accurately, believed that I would only believe the invitation if he was there to verify it. "Worse, you risk insulting the Emperor with your caution. Everyone will see it as you not trusting his word."

"Or that he's taking his duties in Crete very seriously. Enough so that he braved the waters himself with a minimal guard to leave as many men as possible in Nordland," Morrigan replied, her tone biting and Michalis visibly swallowing a sigh.

I turned my gaze to our surroundings, watching the city go by as I heard Michalis continue. "I merely wish for the meeting to go well. This is an opportunity. Chares' influence has slipped, and if we make the right connections during the celebration, we can secure our position over him." There was greed in his voice. Hunger. He had done very well for himself with our combined efforts, and he wanted to take another step further. I understood. I wanted Chares done with so I could focus on more pressing matters. "That means putting our best foot forward."

"Unless you intend for us to return to Crete for a full guard, your complaining accomplishes little," Morrigan rebuked. "T'is a wonder what you hope to accomplish with wasting your breath beyond wasting our time." To that, Michalis hid a sour look by looking away, his gaze flickering to me as if to say 'get your woman in line.'

I ignored the petty argument -- merely another in a long line of them because Morrigan amused herself by needling Michalis. In favor, I turned my attention to the people that we passed by. They were celebrating and feasting. Fifteen days of rejoicing to welcome the new year. To think, I had barely spent a winter here. It felt a great deal longer. Still… the timing was a little off, but the celebrations themselves could be mistaken for Yule, even if I saw no sacrifices to honor the gods.

My gaze drifted to the imperial palace, every bit as grand as when I had first seen it. Swallowing thickly and steeling my nerves, I looked to Morrigan as we approached, "Stay close to me, no matter what. I will need your eyes, and if this goes poorly, I need to make sure you get out." I told her in Germanic, catching Michalis' attention. Morrigan's golden gaze met mine for a moment before she offered a small nod.

And, with that, the palanquin came to a stop in front of the palace and the platform was lowered for us. I was the first to step out, finding that the stairs were flanked by handsome soldiers -- my gaze went over the layer plate armor. My own attempts at producing it were poor, but seeing it again made me curious. The large double doors were pushed open, revealing a veritable army of servants that lined the walls for no other purpose beyond carrying fine pottery, arts, and items of exquisite craftsmanship.

Morrigan was on my arm as we stepped forward, passing the doorway and officially entering the palace. Music drifted in the air -- stringed instruments that I didn't recognize, and more boys singing like girls. The overwhelming grandeur of the palace was still very much overwhelming -- when I first walked the halls, the casual decorations were out. They were still enough to buy an army, but they weren't trying to beat it over your head how obscenely wealthy the Empire was.

Unlike now. The servants were practically shoulder to shoulder, each carrying an item that made me want to stop to stare at it on a cushion of purple silk. Vases, pitchers, cups, swords, armor, textiles -- each more finely crafted than the last. I had prepared myself for it this time, but I still felt overwhelmed by the sheer disparity in… everything. It wasn't a fair comparison in the least as my own settlement had been standing for less than half a year, barely a fourth of a year, but I suddenly found it difficult to feel proud of it when I was surrounded by… this.

I kept it off of my face at least. Or, I hope I did as Morrigan and I walked through the halls with Michalis and my guard trailing behind me. Morrigan looked around with a gaze that could best be described as hungry. She wanted everything. Not just in the hall, but in the palace itself.

It would take time, and no small amount of effort, but I resolved myself once again -- I was here for their secrets to success. I let myself be distracted, but that was the core of the reason why I was here.

Another set of large double doors swung open, revealing a large open room. It wasn't the throne room, I noticed. Though, their sizes were comparable, which was mind boggling in itself. The royal colors hung from banners, lining the walls while the singing came from a bunch of boys on a platform. The room was filled with people -- minor nobility, the wealthy and influential, an army of servants, and the room was so full that the numbers spilled out into the garden.

Our arrival went unnoticed for the most part as dozens upon dozens of people talked amongst themselves. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Morrigan's gaze flickering, memorizing the connections between people. I, however, used True Vision.

Nearly a third of the room was marked in red.

"This should prove interesting, if nothing else," I remarked dryly. Those that were marked red weren't actively looking at us. Most seemed completely unaware of us. I didn't recognize any of them either. I reasoned that the majority considered me their enemy by virtue of them being friends with one of my enemies, or due to religious differences. Or they disliked me due to my recent success. It could be anything, really.

We stepped onto the floor as I swept my gaze over the crowd, some taking notice of us as we neared. If only because I now stood a head taller than most of them with my latest growth spurt. Now, Thorkel was the only one that was taller than me, and I was likely to outgrow him by the time I turned eighteen. They seemed curious in large part, though a few scrunched up their noses at me. I heard a quiet muttering as word of my arrival began to spread, telling me that I was of interest.

Michalis, however, was greeted with far more warmth. "Lord Simon! How wonderful it is to see you," Michalis broke off from us rather quickly, approaching a man in his mid twenties with a friendly smile. I didn't know the man, but he was marked gray, which meant he was at least not an enemy.

"Michalis intends to betray him," Morrigan informed with a low whisper in my ear. "T'is impersonal based on the color of the thread. A stepping stone."

I hummed noncomentingly. It was faintly annoying that he broke off from us so easily, but I understood the move. Michalis was a political animal, I was coming to realize. He was making the most of the support that we gave even as he tried to avoid association. Though, I knew the moment that I found the favor of the Emperor or the Queen Dowager, that I'd find him hanging off of me like an ornament.

For now, though, it suited both of our interests, so I continued onward and paid him no mind. My expanded vision caught the glances of the nobility-- most looking on in faint interest, others curling their lips as if they smelled something foul. I waited for the other shoe to drop as I paid idle interest to the entertainment-- jugglers, swordswallowers, and the most impressive of them all, the flame spitters.

It was as heat washed over my face as one of them spat a stream of fire into the air that a servant approached. "Lord Siegfried… His Imperial Highness extends an invitation to the pavilion in the garden," he informed in Greek. I offered the man a small nod before I followed him, heading to the gardens behind the palace.

I felt Morrigan's grip tighten on my arm, and I knew she was every bit as tense as I was even if she refused to show it. There were more festivities to be found -- contests, promises of races, and even animals that were put on display. What was so fascinating about a deer, I would likely never know. But, I had little time to ponder it as the pavilion sat in the heart of the garden, isolated from the rest of it to give the illusion of privacy.

There, I saw the Emperor. He was every bit the boy he had been the last time I saw him, though now his gaze betrayed interest in the activities around us. He sat beside his mother, the Dowager Irene, who placed a hand on his shoulder as they shared the throne. She was radiant, her expression a carefully crafted mask as she wore a bejeweled crown and what had to be lengths upon lengths of silks.

They were joined by familiar faces. The two that were of note were Strategos Tatzates and Strategos Michael Lachanodrakon -- both stood by the throne, dressed in finery, the latter openly glaring at me while the former wore a smile that didn't reach his eyes. Beneath them were two more faces that I recognized -- Staurakios and Aetios. They, and the good thirty guards around the pavilion watched our approach with the utmost caution, evaluating us as much as we did them.

Morrigan clutched me closer and without moving her lips, she spoke in the barest of whispers. "Tatzates intends to betray the Emperor and lusts for his mother."

I… almost wished that she had held off on telling me that until this conversation was done with, but it was useful information nonetheless. I swallowed a lump in my throat as we were stopped at the pavilions entrance by the guards. It was there that we bowed.

Right. Here came what was likely to be the most important conversation of my near future.

"Your majesty -- please grant me the pleasure of beheading this heathen," Strategos Michael began, setting us off to a wonderful start. "He has come here on false presences and conspires to build an army to strike at our hearts. He certainly stayed his hand when our enemies were plundering our heartland." Unsurprisingly, he was marked red.

I had learned a little more about the man since our paths last crossed -- Michael was a zealot. He had been the late Emperor Leo's staunchest supporter, his right hand man, and one that didn't hesitate to raze his own territory and people when it came to the iconoclast issue. A tried and tested general by any measure.

Tatzates scoffed, "It suits you poorly to lay the blame on another for your own inability to protect your territory." He jabbed verbally, making Michael's jaw clench as he shot a glare at his peer. "I've sent spies to verify it myself. As I know you have. Lord Siegfried hardly stood idly by and waved the Abbasids on -- he rebuffed an attack of twenty thousand with a mere two. If he were a Roman, I dare say he would have received a triumph for his heroic victory."

It was difficult to like Tatzates, I decided even as he heaped praise upon me. Simply because I knew that he would heap blame just as easily if it was convenient for him. The only reason he was praising me now was because it made his rival look poorly.

"There is the issue of the army that is being raised," Staurakios interjected, his voice smooth and unruffled as he bypassed the brewing argument. "Five thousand men is a full legion. Not exactly what I would call a traditional mercenary band."

"What is there to discuss? The Pagan lied to us. He claimed to act as a mercenary, but the truth of the matter is that he built a base of operations and when it was completed, he sent for reinforcements."

"Then why is he here?" Aetios ventured, his tone every bit as smooth as Staurakios's. He seemed to have risen in position since we last met. I imagine I had a hand in that, one way or another. "If he truly meant to betray us, then what would he hope to gain by coming here? Why not simply ignore the summons and launch an attack? Why fight the Abbasids and not instead join forces with them?"

The very worst part of it was that they were speaking in Latin, and I had to pretend that I didn't understand a word that they said. The Emperor seemed vaguely interested in the conversation while Dowager Irene sat in silence, her gaze sharp as any blade.

"Perhaps we might find more answers if we were to direct these questions to him?" Dowager Irene interjected lightly in Latin, making the others fall silent. Then, to me, she spoke Greek, "You have our gratitude for your patience, Lord Siegfried. As you might imagine, there have been certain… questions that have been raised in recent times with the… pilgrims that have trekked to join you, as well as the recent success of your settlement. Nordland, was it?" She asked as if she didn't already know.

"I would imagine so," I agreed. "I am here to assure you of any worries that you might have, and assure you of my intentions." I said, opening the door but offering nothing else.

It was Staurakios that spoke up, "These… pilgrims seem to be under the impression that you are a.. god." He ventured, and there was some hesitance in his voice. Michael sneered, baring his teeth in a snarl. If looks could kill then I'd be dead a hundred times over.

"I did not expect them. If I had, then I would have warned you about their arrival long before they came. I only discovered their existence with their arrival in Nordland," I stated, and I saw doubt. "However, they do not consider me to be a god. They consider me to be the son of one -- Thor, the God of Warriors and Farmers due to my red hair and talents for war."

I could tell that Michael was chewing on something, veins bulging in his face. He hated me. I was an affront to everything that he believed me and he couldn't tolerate my existence. However, he swallowed it down -- that, I imagine, was only due to the fact that his position was greatly diminished by the ravishing of his lands. His failures in his duty.

"Do you consider yourself to be this… son of Thor?" Staurakios questioned, sounding faintly curious now.

"No. My father was Erik, a farmer," I stated, and I saw expressions of flickering surprise. "Perhaps Thor's blood does run through my veins, but at most, it is a distant ancestor."

"A farmer?" Dowager Irene echoed, and of all the things to get caught up on, that seemed to be an odd one. "Your father was a farmer? Are you not wed to a princess?" She questioned, and I think she was prodding my story because she felt like she found a hole in it.

I imagine it would sound rather odd without context.

"He was and I am," I confirmed. "I won much renown in Francia, enough so that my mother was able to arrange a marriage to a Jarl- a powerful count. However, even then, I intended to sail to Constantinople to see the lands of myth and legend. But, while my fleet of ships was being constructed, I decided that my army needed a whetstone to sharpen itself against, else their skills would rust. I conquered the other counts in a land called Norway, and decided that as part of Astrid's dowry, I would give a crown and a kingdom, making her a princess and her father a king."

Tatzates gave me an odd look. I recognized it. It was as if he was trying to tell how much money was in my pocket before he tried to reach into it. Staurakios and Aetios, however, seemed ambivalent. They weren't as surprised by the story. Dowager Irene, most important of them all, seemed interested. And that was exactly what I wanted.

"You forged a kingdom and gave it away?" She asked, an odd note in her voice that I couldn't quite identify.

"I had no need of it," I answered bluntly. "And there was hardly a point. My heart was set on sailing here, and at best, I could have been called an absent ruler."

She held up a hand when Michael began to speak, cutting him off. "One of the issues that had you summoned was the founding of Nordland. There are those that saw it as a rather… liberal interpretation of the privileges granted to you. They said that you intended to claim the land for yourself and forge a kingdom with it."

My lips thinned and I shook my head, "I have no intentions of staying in the Mediterranean, your Highness." Then I paused for a moment, my lips curling down into a frown. "There is a kingdom that I desire. One that I shall take," I began, and I saw Michael start to reach for his sword. "It is a kingdom called Denmark, and it is far to the north. Beyond even what Rome conquered at the height of its glory. There is a man there, and he and his kin are guilty of the most heinous of crimes. They murdered my brothers and my father."

The raw anger that leaked into my voice gave credence to my story. "I was naive. I trusted the King of Denmark, who was once a Jarl, but rose to his position with my help. But I didn't understand I had become a threat to his crown, and he would tolerate me no more after he used me. One by one, he and his son murdered my family and chased them out of their homes, the land where my grandfather and great grandfather's bones were buried. They nearly managed to kill me."

It wasn't an accurate retelling. But, I knew that it was more enthralling. After all, it was the story that I heard told about me around campfires. What I needed was her interest and favor rather than an accurate retelling of my failures.

"Yet," Staurakios interjected, "Here you are. Building a city and an army in a far off land." He had his doubts.

"My failures revealed my shortcomings to me. I could have taken my vengeance on Horrik and his kin after the war in Francia, but… I would have made for a poor king. I didn't know enough to understand what I didn't know. I simply understood that I fell short when I compared myself to examples of fine kings -- King Widukind and King Charlemagne." That last name got something of a response.

"You are here to learn," Dowager Irene repeated my words back to me. I don't think she really believed them until just now.

"I sought to trade so I might understand it better. I sought to build a city so I could understand the inner workings of them. I requested access to your university because I heard it was a great repository of knowledge. I am here to learn," I repeated. "If I might be so bold, there is nothing that you can offer me that would make me stay in this land. But, until I set sail once more, back to my homeland, hopefully a little wiser, I am at your disposal."

Dowager Irene shifted at that, and she understood that the words were for her and her alone. More so than even the Emperor, simply because he was a boy without a single thought in his head that hadn't been whispered there by his mother.

"Point me at your enemies and I shall see them fall. All so that I be given the chance to learn all that this land has to teach," I finished.

And I saw it.

I had her favor.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 907 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Nature of Intrigue
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,999
Influence wasn't something that could truly be felt. It wasn't tangible. It didn't have a taste or a scent. It did, however, have a feeling and a sound, and almost immediately after the conversation with Dowager Irene, our change in influence had announced itself for all to hear. There was no announcement. There was no speech. Yet, all the same, when Morrigan and I returned to the party our presence went from something tolerated at best…

To us being so sought out that it felt as if we were under siege by those desperate to cling to our coattails, seeking to make use of our privileged connection to the dowager.

The only time we found reprieve was during a dance. "I'm a tool to her. She understands that I have no stake or investment in the future of the Roman Empire, and expects me to do whatever benefits me the most while I am here," I told Morrigan in Germanic as she pressed her body close to mine, always keeping an eye on the crowd that surrounded us. "Thus I am safe to use. The only danger comes from the fact that we are pagan, but with enough success, that stain will wash out in their eyes."

"She intends to become Empress," Morrigan replied as we circled the dance floor, her head lightly resting on my shoulder. I expected that I would be dealing with some stepped on toes, but Morrigan was proving surprisingly adept at the formal dances. Though, I wasn't sure when she had learned.

I frowned, "Through her son?" I asked, feeling a little… these Romans were a strange folk, but to marry your child…

Morrigan huffed at my tone, "In a sense. The bond between them… T'is not normal. I've often witnessed the link between parent and child -- it is almost always a shining gold. A natural thing for a parent to love their children and for children to idolize their parents. However, between them…" she trailed off before she looked up at me, her voice soft and almost lost in the music around us. "T'is cold. She plots against him. Not necessarily to bring him harm, but she intends to rule through him. Power will have to be pried from her hands with force."

I hummed in response, the news not exactly surprising me. I had noted how she tended to speak for the Emperor, but it seemed that I had underestimated how deep her intentions ran. "You sound like you approve," I noted, making Morrigan's lips curl in a cutting smirk.

"I respect those that seize power," she admitted freely, and I heard a subtle dig at me. "The boy is just a boy, lucky enough that his father sat on the throne before him. She, however, married into power. While her husband was playing the fool at war, she was here, ruling. And she intends to keep doing so."

It left a bitter taste in my mouth -- a parent conspiring against their child. It reminded me all too well of the conversation I had with my own mother.

"She has popular support as regent. People know her and like her. Or they want to fuck her," Morrigan continued as we continued to dance. "Michael is loyal to the throne. Completely and utterly, but he is out of favor -- Irene is an iconophile, and he is a staunch iconoclast. The ravaging of his territory has also weakened his position at court considerably. The only reason why he is still around is due to his connections with other iconoclasts amongst the nobility. They wish to see one of their own near the throne, and Michael is one that can be controlled."

"And as far as he has fallen, Tatzates has risen," I noted, seeing the gluttonous man recieve another toast with my expanded vision. He was all smiles, feasting and drinking with excess as he basked in his position near Dowager Irene. A position of trust.

"Exactly so. He's loyal to himself and himself alone. I have a number of people that are connected to him -- spies, and co-conspirators. Though, it remains a mystery what the conspiracy is," she continued. "I suspect that he intends to wed Irene for legitimacy in a bid to become Emperor. She is still young and fertile. She should be able to produce children." Morrigan elaborated on my thoughts and I fought off a frown.

"I don't like him," I admitted to her.

"I would be shocked if you did," Morrigan replied, unsurprised. "But he's more useful to have as a friend. Especially seeing as he is likely to be the war master in the coming war with the Abbasids. He'll use you as a way to prop himself up, but he won't try to destroy you because you pose no danger to him and he has no ideology to speak of." She spoke sense, but I still didn't like him.

As we danced, Strategos Tatzates caught my eye and raised a wine glass to me. I caught the gaze and inclined my head to him before continuing the dance. He was fat, vain, slothful, and greedy -- but he was ambitious and cunning. I trusted him nowhere near as far as I could throw him, but Morrigan had his measure. He wouldn't act against me unless it was in his best interest to do so.

"He has connections to the Abbasids in some capacity." I was certain of it. Even to smear mud on a rival, enabling an enemy nation to raze part of your nation's heartland was incredibly shortsighted. Especially when it could only end in war.

"We can't prove it. Michalis is building his network, and even if I see a thread connecting him to the Abbasids, I can't tell what exactly it means," she pointed out.

"If I am to deal with him, I need leverage," I said. I couldn't just believe that Tatzates would always view me as beneficial to him. "Something binding and irrefutable. I want to have my boot on his neck for as long as we're in this nation." It would mean making an enemy of him through blackmail, but if he had done what I thought he did, and I could prove it… he could hate me all he liked. It wouldn't change a thing.

He could try to fight against me, but why take the risk when I would be leaving in a few short years? I didn't care what happened to the empire once I was gone after all, and made no secret of that.

"It'll take time, but we have places to start. And I imagine we'll have an opportunity in the coming months," Morrigan agreed. Then she sighed, 'T'is almost a shame to leave. These people are godless, but they are richer than the dwarves themselves."

I wanted to argue that-- the dwarves possessed all the wealth buried under our feet and the finest of craftsmen in all of the world. Yet, it was hard to believe any could be richer when the Romans were all but beating their wealth over my head. "We'll have opportunity to take it with us. There is a war to fight."

Morrigan hummed, pleased with my response. Then she spoke up, "Tatzates and Aetios are in league. It runs deeper than a mere mutual benefit," Morrigan pointed out and I tilted my head to see where Aetios stood, talking with Staurakios. Both men were smiling, looking upon each other warmly, but I could tell that they'd rather be drawing steel than conversing pleasantly. "He might be a place to start unraveling any scheme. He certainly possesses no loyalty to the throne. The thread all but marks them as enemies on his side. She sees him as nothing more than another eunuch."

As they danced, Morrigan simply unraveled the allegiances of the court. She more than proved that she should be here, and I knew all the information that she provided would be useful. It wasn't enough to just know who my friends and enemies were in this land. I had to know the enemies of my friends and the friends of my enemies. Or, even the enemies of my enemies, I thought as my gaze slid over Staurakios.

"That one is loyal. Deeply loyal. He has ambitions, but they're tempered to his loyalty to Irene. Not the throne. Tatzates and Aetios both hate him, and it seems for more than just his position and influence," she added, following my gaze. The music began to die down, telling me that the bout of dancing was coming to an end. Then she made a sound of amusement, "Speaking of hate, it seems that news has spread amongst the middling nobility and wealthy merchants.

As the song ended, I followed her gaze and my eyes settled on Chares. I hadn't seen him since the party at his estate, and it would seem that the past months had not been kind to him. His hair was stark white, wrinkles had set in deeply into his face, and his gut seemed larger. His face was an angry red as his gaze met mine, his nostrils flaring as he struggled to swallow his fury.

"He intends to kill you," Morrigan pointed out, bringing her hand to my lips for me to kiss.

I did so. "I would be disappointed if he wasn't," I replied.

Then there were the sounds of a bell ringing, bringing everyone's attention to the throne that the Emperor sat on. Unlike all the times I saw him before, he was shaking with visible excitement while his mother placed a calming, but controlling, hand on his shoulder. It was she who spoke, "On this first day of celebration, we have feasted thanks to the glory of God. Now, let us celebrate our people! The citizens of Rome shall compete in the Hippodrome -- races, contests of strength and speed, and we shall gaze upon the wondrous beasts that roam the world."

That seemed to be some cue, since it seemed to be expected, as everyone began leaving the palace to head to the Hippodrome. It wasn't that far away. Barely more than a five minute walk. Yet, all the same, people loaded themselves into carriages or had servants carry them.

The very first to leave was the Emperor, with everyone else following him and his mother. They were followed by the Strategos and the eunuchs.

"They can't even be bothered to walk," Morrigan voiced my thoughts out loud, grabbing hold of my arm. I just chuckled as I started, joined by my guards as we left the carriage that we arrived in where it was.

"It is expected for you to be carried," Michalis seemed to appear from the crowd of people as they waited for their carriages to be pulled up for them. "To walk from destination to destination in a time of celebration is a sign… of… well, poverty, Lord Siegfried."

I frowned, pondering that for a moment before I shrugged. "I don't care," I decided, and I could tell that while Michalis was annoyed by the decision, he wasn't surprised by it. And it also seemed that he deemed us worthy company because he followed behind us as we began to walk the long stretch of road that seemed to be sealed off by guards to prevent any peasantry getting in the way. And, in no time as all, even at a subdued pace, we were practically racing by the line of carriages.

"The meeting with the Regent. It went well?" Michalis asked, trying to hide his face from the carriages that we were walking by.

"As well as it could have," I answered, still finding myself annoyed with him. I understood his position, and in the end, he was the one that would continue to live in this empire, but I still found it distasteful how he presented himself. Too much awareness of the opinions of others.

"Will she side with us?" Michalis asked the pointed question in Norse to ensure that no one else heard it.

To that, I pursed my lips. "Outright? Now? I wouldn't wish to test it. The… relationship is too new and I haven't solved any of her problems yet, so it would reflect poorly if I introduced one right now." I admitted, and that was perfectly reasonable. "But, if Chares makes the first move however, then that could change."

"She'll have to defend you to prevent herself from looking weak and to secure her interests," Michalis said. "Well, we're in luck in that case. Chares has been slandering you to everyone that'll listen, but with the Regent's favor even if they do believe the filth that leaves his mouth, they won't care. At least, not enough to stop them from making deals."

Politics. I hated politics. "Are you ready to make your move?" I asked him, sensing it in my gut that it would be happening soon. I couldn't have Chares at my back while I was at war. And I couldn't let him make any friends with any of my enemies -- the ones I knew about, or the ones that I didn't. No… no, I had to deal with him before the celebrations were over.

I couldn't just wait for him to do something. I needed to force his hand.

"Do you have spies amongst his people?" I asked suddenly, catching his attention. Michalis hesitated before he nodded. Perfect. "Have one of them poison me."

Michalis nearly tripped over his own two feet. "You- what?"

"I'm immune to poisons that I ingest," I said, not missing a beat. Iron Stomach would see to it that I would survive whatever he threw at me. "And no one would reasonably suspect that I would have myself poisoned. So, I'll point the finger at him and he'll lose the initiative." An investigation would likely be required, and I imagine they'll uncover a few secrets. But, my real hope was that it would provoke him into acting rash. If he snapped, or even better, tried to kill me in earnest, then I had legal grounds to defend myself. I could challenge him to a duel, take his head and be done with it.

I snorted in amusement, realizing why the plan seemed so familiar.

I had tried the same thing with Grimar by hurling every foul insult I could think of to provoke him into challenging me to a duel. Only then, I had been exactly what he called me -- a dog barking, little more than a feral animal. And now…

Now, I understood. I would never care for politics. I would never care for plotting or intrigue. They simply weren't who I was. I would forever be reliant on Morrigan and my mother to help share the burden.

But, like it or not, it was a weakness I refused to tolerate.

"That… that could work," Michalis muttered, giving me an odd look as he swallowed his questions. "It would need to be subtle. I could make it seem like it came from Chares to the servant…"

I looked to Morrigan, who smirked dangerously at my plan. "T'is most fortunate that I brought some with me. I foresaw our need for it… though I did not expect who they would be used on."

"Tomorrow, then," I decided, glad for the chance to rid myself of an enemy. He was no Horrik or Thorfin, but he was an enemy all the same.

It was as we approached the Hippodrome that I noticed that Morrigan was looking up at me with a smile. I met her gaze, cocking an eyebrow at her. "What?" I asked, not quite sure what I did to make her so happy.

"I prefer you like this," Morrigan informed in no uncertain terms. "T'was not a side of you I got to see much of in Francia, stuck in Frankfurt as we were. Focused. Driven. On the cusp of destroying your enemies… I like it a great deal," she all but purred with such complete approval that it honestly caught me a bit flatfooted. I don't think that Morrigan had ever expressed outright approval for anything that I've done before.

So, it was a welcome change.

Our arrival didn't go unnoticed, especially by the high nobility that we began to walk by with little issue. I didn't need sharp hearing or expanded vision to see and hear their muttering distaste. But, it mattered little. I had no intention of being polite. If they didn't want me to step on their toes, then they needed to move their feet out of the way.

Luckily enough, our approach didn't go unnoticed by the one that truly mattered. "You are a strange man from a stranger land, Lord Siegfried," Dowager Irene voiced from her position on a grand palanquin carried by a dozen strong looking servants. They were slaves, but they were dressed in clothing that made the lower nobility look like beggars. "No other would dare to walk out of fear of being perceived as poor."

Dowager Irene looked down upon us, her child the Emperor paying us no mind as he waited for the great doors to open to the Hippodrome. Even through them, I could hear the roaring of a crowd. I had only caught a glimpse of the Hippodrome in action during the funeral of Emperor Leo. I was eager to get a longer look at it.

"Wealth is a matter of perspective. To them, a hundred tons of gold is a substantial amount. To me, it is an errand," I boasted and I saw amusement dance in her green eyes. "So, let them call me poor. I would like to see them keep calling me such when I purchase everything they own, give it back, then buy it all back at twice the price." Boasting wasn't something I normally did. I preferred to let my deeds speak for themselves, and there was never a true need for me to.

Things were different here. I had to do things differently. I had to be different. I came here to learn after all… it would just seem that I would be learning a great deal more than what I expected to in a library.

Dowager Irene laughed brightly as the doors swung open, almost drowning the sound out in a sea of noise. All the same, I heard the words that she said next. "An interesting perspective. I would hear more of it. Join us in the imperial balcony," she instructed and it clearly wasn't a request.

I swallowed a smile. I could practically see Chares bursting a blood vessel the moment that he heard of this.

"It would be my honor."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 822 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Cost of Secrets
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,040
I had never seen so many people gathered in a single place. It wasn't the first time I had that thought. It wasn't the second or the third either. The very first time I thought it, I had been a boy fresh off the family farm and Alabu had struck me as the largest city in the world. Then, when we rebelled against Francia, when our armies marched together. And again, in the final battle where there had been tens of thousands of men on the same field.

Yet again, I had that thought as I gazed out at the U shaped Hippodrome, seated in an elevated position to overlook the games that took place below. The seats were marked in rows, dozens of them, and they were packed with so many people that I couldn't believe that the building didn't collapse underneath their weight. There were tens of thousands of people -- easily more than the twenty thousand that had fought in the final battle in Francia. Double that, even. There had to be at least fifty thousand people in the stands as they cheered loudly for what seemed to be some kind of race.

There were more people in this single building than people I had met in my life.

And I was envious. So envious that I could practically taste it upon my tongue like ash. The race almost went unnoticed by me as the announcer belted out a cry to the roaring crowd, whose fervor shook the air until it trembled, a war cry equal to any army. A dozen horses were lined up while men stood on odd wagons behind them, dressed in bright clothing as they waved to the crowd. I had caught a glimpse of it before on my tour of the city, but it hadn't been full like this.

"I want this," I admitted underneath my breath in Norse. I stood at the balcony to the imperial box, the Emperor and his Guard behind me as they too watched the race as it began. Morrigan stood at my side, placing a hand upon mine when she heard me.

I couldn't even imagine how long it had taken to construct this building. A century? Longer? What had it cost in materials? How had they found thousands upon thousands upon thousands of pounds of stone to build it with? How long had it stood here for?

How did one justify something like this to their people? I stood in awe of it, but would the people not look at the stone and think that a city could have been built with it? That the funds could have gone to projects that were more useful?

No… no, I wasn't thinking like a ruler. A ruler ordered its construction without a thought of what the money, labor, or materials could have gone to. It was a testament to their own greatness. A lasting reminder to the world that they were here, and this building was part of the greatness that was their legacy.

"How long do you think it would take for our people to build something like this?" I asked Morrigan, watching the race. it was a violent race with the wagons of opposing teams clashing against one another, trying to force the other to crash. The crowds cheers increased with every near thing.

"It would depend on how well you bribe the dwarves," Morrigan replied. "A decade? A few? You would have a greater idea than me."

True. Annoyingly. I thought on the mission that I received from the gods in regards to Nordland -- five notable buildings. My longhouse counted as one, but it… it was a poor and feeble thing in comparison to this. Would the gods truly be satisfied with such a meager offering? Would they not want a Hippodrome? A temple equal to the Hagia Sophia? The Imperial Palace? I knew that it was impossible to build all of that within five years. Not to mention, there were far more practical things I could be building during a war.

I just couldn't help myself. I wanted it. I coveted it. Longed for it.

"A runestone," I muttered. I never erected one myself, though I knew at least one had been erected for me in Norway. Normally, a particularly large rock would be painted and engraved with deeds worthy of a saga, but I would do more. The Parthenon. A great temple for the Roman gods that they had forgotten. Though, I foresaw issues if I built a temple dedicated to my gods in Rome. They probably wouldn't even bother to wait for me to leave before they repurposed it for the Christian God.

Could I disguise it as something else? That could be risky. Very risky…

But I had to do something. If only to prove that I could build something equal to the Romans.

My attention was dragged back to the race when one of the near misses finally struck. A wagon was driven into a wall, and with the force of the impact, the wagon was reduced to splinters. The man on it flew through the air, landing in a heap on the sand ground before he was almost immediately trampled by the teams of horses that came after. The crowd cheered and cried out in dismay with equal fervor, but none cheered louder than the Emperor himself.

I heard the jingling of his reignments as he jumped off of his throne to rush to the balcony, close enough to touch. It was the first time I saw him not looking bored out of his mind as he cheered for the blues, pumping a fist in the air as he hollered taunts down at the greens. They were lost in a sea of noise, but people cheered louder when they saw their Emperor cheering with them.

"He's just a boy," I remarked to Morrigan as we were all but shoved to the side while his guards stood vigil. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Irene seemed less than pleased but was swallowing it down.

"A boy that wears a crown. But you won't be dealing with him. You'll be dealing with her," Morrigan noted as Irene got up from the lounging chair and approached her son from behind. She rested her hands on his shoulders, and I noticed an immediate curb of Emperor Constantine's enthusiasm. He went still, quite down, but still eagerly watched the Chariot races down below.

"Come the spring, Lord Siegfried, there shall be war with the Abbasids," Irene stated, speaking in Greek. She spoke as if she were imparting some great knowledge upon me, but it was rather obvious to anyone that had eyes in their head. "The Caliph al-Mahdi has amassed an army of some sixty thousand according to our spies. He intends no mere raid. He intends to conquer Anatolia."

That was news to me. The fleet was still circling the Mediterranean sea, and they still possessed a presence on Crete. An army of sixty thousand… I looked out to the Hippodrome, trying to imagine them all as Abbasid warriors. That was… a rather large army.

With how Irene spoke, she clearly wanted me to pick up the thread but I'm not entirely sure where she wanted me to go with it. "Crete will be their staging ground," I ventured and she looked at me curiously. "Forgive my bluntness, your majesty, but they all but had the door opened for them during the raids. If it were me, I would see little reason to think that I couldn't walk through that door again."

"...oh?" She uttered, watching me carefully.

"I would commit to a two pronged invasion -- an inland one and one by sea. It would force you to divide your soldiers unless you leave one army completely unchecked. The ground invasion would come first, I think, to measure the reaction while the threat of an invasion by sea would force you on the defensive. They could land in Greece, Anatolia, or strike at Constantinople itself. Those possibilities would prevent you from bringing your full might to bear." It's what I would do. More than that, the commander that had quit the field…

He was clever.

"How refreshing," Irene remarked lightly, and I'm not exactly sure what I just did to earn her approval. She seemed to sense that and offered me a thin smile. "I had heard of your people's practices to allow your women folk to fight. I wasn't aware it extended to matters of war."

I stilled for a moment, not entirely sure what that meant. No, I knew exactly what it meant but I couldn't bring myself to believe it. "Have you… not been briefed of their plans, your highness?" I asked, unable to stop myself, regardless of how rude it might appear.

"I am informed of the threat that we face, but the Strategos see little reason to inform me of our plans," she answered.

"But you're…" I began to argue before forcing myself to swallow my words. I'm sure she was underplaying her influence. I couldn't imagine one of the Strategos ignoring a direct order for troop placements or summoning. But, it was still mad to me that you would deliberately keep the Regent from being informed on such matters. Worse, I couldn't give them the benefit of the doubt that they were doing it because she wasn't a warrior. They did it because she was a woman.

"Indeed. How confident are you in this theory?" Irene questioned me, and she seemed to already be planning on how to put me to work.

"It's what I would do. The only thing that would change that would be if you outnumber them. Do we?" I asked her outright, cautiously exploring the new ground of our relationship. I wanted to see how she viewed me -- as a tool? Or an ally?

"No. We do not," she answered simply, her tone flat. "Tales have reached us of your exploits in Francia. As well as your deeds in Greece. You will be placed under the command of Strategos Tatzates during the coming war as Strategos Michael has disgraced himself." she informed me, and none of that was any particular surprise to me. In truth, Strategos Michael was only still alive because of his past deeds and Tatzates was currently smelling of roses and glory.

I was curious where she was going with this. "You strike me as a man that prefers bluntness, so I shall be blunt with you Lord Seigfried -- Could you deny the Abbasids a launching point in Crete?" She questioned, and now I saw how she was trying to use me.

It was a different game than it had been with King Widukid. More insidious in nature. King Widukid used me as a symbol. A rallying point. The tip of his spear. Irene hoped to use me as a dagger up her sleeve.

"It would depend if they launched the bulk of the invasion from Crete. I'm confident in my prowess, but in a battle of forty thousand against five -- we will be drowned and crushed in numbers," I admitted easily. The extra two thousand men would help a great deal, but they needed to be trained in our ways. Our tactics. They would need to be armored as well.

Irene cast me a look I found difficult to describe, "And twenty thousand?" She asked lightly?

"Doable. Dangerous, but doable," I stated. Perhaps it was arrogance, but I felt the words were true. It would need the right battlefield. A place where the Abbasids couldn't bring their full weight down upon us at once. "It would be easier to harass their ships on the way to Crete. Perhaps contest their landing -- bleed them before we give battle in a place of our choosing. They'll have to deal with us, otherwise we'll have free regin to harass their rear. Or counter invade their nation. My scouts have found a number of rich looking cities on the coast."

Irene smiled at me. It was not a kind one. It was one that reminded me of a cat that finally got done playing with her food and was going to swallow it whole in a single bite. "That is a balm to my concerns, Lord Siegfried," she told me.

I could tell that she wasn't fully ready to believe it just yet, but her intentions were clear to me. She wanted me to be a check on Tatzates, I believe. Five against twenty thousand was a heroic victory by any measure. My star shining brightly would make Tatzates' seem more dim, regardless of how well he performed in the war. What's more, since I had no vested interest in the Empire itself, I was a safe tool to use. I wasn't under any illusions that she was somehow attached to me, and that her favor would vanish the moment that I proved to be more trouble than I was worth…

Still, I could work with this.

"I am glad to be of service, your highness," I replied evenly. I was tempted to ask for additional aid -- in the end, it was four times our number we would be dealing with. Perhaps more. Another five thousand troops would make things far more even, but that came with risks. I didn't have a high opinion of the Romans, if I was being perfectly honest -- the common folk, the warriors that would be fighting, they were men like any others. But their leaders? The ones that would be commanding them?

I didn't trust them. I'd have to be a fool to. It was better to fight alone than to fight beside an untrustworthy ally.

"If I may make one request -- the fireships that you possess. I will not ask for their secrets, but one of them could do a great deal of damage to the Abbasids when it comes to bleeding their landing," I approached the subject. I knew better than to ask for one or for its secrets, but I wanted to know. It was a powerful weapon and the Romans had shown the rare wisdom of keeping it close to their chests.

Irene's gaze narrowed ever so slightly. "How is it you know of Greek Fire?" She asked, her voice clipped.

"I… the dispersal of the pirates on Crete. Strategos Tatzates used two ships and I saw them then," I answered, and she kept her expression blank but I got the impression that I had just told on Tatzates. Did he not have permission to use them?

Irene inclined her head to me. "I see. Of course, forgive my suspicions." And that wasn't a request either. She was covering up her ignorance but I saw how it rankled her. And I was getting a much clearer view of the politics at this level of the Roman Empire. My gaze flickered down to the Emperor, who excitedly watched the games.

A boy who had no interest in ruling and an Empress that was being deliberately kept in the dark.

It was little wonder she latched onto whatever advantage I could provide.

And perhaps the politics were getting to me, because I only saw the advantages that brought.

…

The scrolls had described elephant's to me when I read of them. How Hannibal had carried them through the mountains and how the Romans looked upon the beasts, calling them monsters. And they were right to, I decided, seeing a gray skinned animal that stood twice the height of a man, with large white tusks, and a long trunk with floppy ears. I tried to imagine the damage they would do in a charge. They wouldn't be as fast, but the weight of the charge would be the same. And I would fear these creatures more than I would a common horse.

The festivities had continued over the course of several days. There were more games and races, but what I found myself drawn to the most were the animal shows. Exotic animals such as elephant's, rhinos, monkeys, and one creature with an inordinately long neck called a giraffe. They looked like they came from another realm, and I wasn't entirely certain that they didn't.

A few days passed and people reacted to my receiving the favor of the Empress. Michalis pounced on the opportunity much like a cat with a particularly juicy looking mouse -- he entered talks with wealthy merchants, making promises and deals. Bit by bit, he was undermining Chares' influence, and in the unseen battle, the tide was turning from him. It was different than killing a man with a blade, but it was no less deadly and it simply presented itself in a different way.

Such as being in a private balcony to watch one of the plays that Rome offered with one of Chares' biggest supporters.

"My concern is the war. There is little point for me to move my distribution and trade routes to Nordland if this coming spring it is under Abbasid control," a wealthy merchant told me- or, rather, Michalis in Latin. "You have confidence that this pagan will win, but I don't have such reassurances."

"I understand your hesitation, but perhaps I can arrange for such reassurances? Insurance that your cargo will be paid for, even should the Abbasids pirate it?" Michalis floated while I leaned on the balcony, watching the play. It was… different. Different enough that I wasn't sure if I liked it or not. "As for the lord of Nordland… He has yet to lose a battle. In Francia, he fought outnumbered three times over. In the battle of Nordland, he faced off against ten times his number and chased the Abbasids off! I dare say that the only place safer in the incoming war shall be Constantinople itself."

Michalis was chipping away at Chares' allies. His grip on the merchant alliance. The fair weather allies had already switched over, while the stauncher allies were waiting for bribes. It seemed like friendship was one of the many things you could buy in Rome. Chares wasn't idle, I knew -- he was fighting and clawing to maintain his influence, and he was starting to fight dirty. One of Michalis' merchants had been found dead. It was always possible that he had been murdered in a trade dispute…

But he had been found with his head cut off and placed against his ass. Hard to mistake that as anything other than what it was -- a provocation.

With this kind of battle, it was next to impossible to tell if we were winning or losing. But time was drawing short, and my patience for this game was rapidly running out.
Which made it almost a welcome surprise when Trajectory Prediction marked me as I stood on the balcony, the culprit hidden in the shadows across from me with a crossbow in hand. Whoever he was, he was a good shot -- the trajectory was right over my heart. It wasn't an inconsiderable distance either as even the theaters of Rome were larger than life.

The act ended, the applause of the citizens of Rome thundering out. It was the cover that the assassin had been looking for and they pulled the trigger to the crossbow, the bolt leaping forward towards me at high speeds. And, with an almost lazy swipe of my hand, I snatched it out of the air, the action catching the attention of Michalis, whose eyes widened.

Huh.

Was this not the false assassination attempt we discussed?

My gaze flickered to the shadows and I waved the bolt tauntingly, watching the figure vanish within them before I turned to the two men and tossed the bolt to Michalis. "Blame that on Chares," I told him in Norse.

It was time that we settled this.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 880 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Unwanted Attention
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,074
Hadi Husain never put much stock in hearsay. He knew people. How they thought. What entertained them. A story could never be interesting enough as they heard it -- it always needed a little embellishment. A touch here, a touch there, and before you knew it, the entire story couldn't even be recognized. It was inherently dishonest, especially when it came to matters that people wanted to be true. Regardless of what the truth might actually be, it would twist itself into knots to become whatever the teller wanted to be true.

He had countless examples. He grew up in a small town, not too far away from the border with the Roman Empire and ever since he was old enough to understand the words of men, he had heard some rendition of the same tale. 'The Romans are weak.' 'The Romans don't know how to fight.' 'The Romans are scared of us.' 'We could sweep across their empire like the tide.'

Hadi always thought that odd. If it were true, then there wouldn't be a Roman Empire at all. He learned rather quickly not to speak such thoughts -- especially when in earshot of his father, because no one wanted to be confronted with a simple fact. The Romans likely said the same thing about them on the other side of the border that divided their nations. Hadi never heard it first hand, but he always figured it was true, so every time he heard the older folk going off about the soft, weak, guileless Romans… He just rolled his eyes.

But maybe he was the one that was wrong, because Anatolia practically opened its gates to him. He'd intended some light raiding. A fishing village perhaps. Shaking his fist at a town, maybe two. Enough for the Caliph wouldn't feel the need to behead him, but not so much that people would become convinced that he knew what he was doing.

Then those damned Romans… Didn't they understand the point of walls? Of gates? How was it possible that entire towns and cities fell like a house of cards in the face of a slight breeze!? What were they even doing? Were all those stories of 'the Roman plebs wish to be ruled by the Abbasids instead of their cruel Emperor' actually true?

Hadi felt like the rug had been pulled from underneath him, everything he thought he knew no longer seemed so certain, and he was in a free fall. And, rather unfortunately, the direction he was falling was up.

"You have performed beyond expectations. Almost too well," A man behind a silk screen began and Hadi felt every hair stand on end as he looked to the marble floor. Between them was a pool of liquid silver and they were surrounded by attendants and high nobility. The kind of high nobility that Hadi had prayed to never be in the same room with, much less as the center of attention.

He almost wished that this was an execution, just to get it over with. "My apologies, my Caliph. The Romans proved… far less capable than anticipated," he tried to deflect with what wasn't even a lie. He had no idea what those city commanders were doing, but it sure wasn't their job. He didn't even have to bribe anyone. They just opened the gates like the cities belonged to them.

The attendants laughed as if he had said something funny. Polite laughter. The kind that was born from genuine amusement but played up for appearances.

Worse, even Caliph al-Mahdi wasn't immune, chuckling lightly behind the screen. If it wasn't for his silhouette painted on the screen from a flickering fire behind him, Hadi would doubt that he was even there. "Like the bones of an old man, they snap easily under pressure. Soon, they shall be crushed. Hadi al-Husain, for your efforts in paving the way to the beating heart of the Romans, I grant you the lands of Amida, raising you up to Sheikh."

Hadi knew it was coming. It had all been discussed with him beforehand. He would become a Sheikh. It wasn't high nobility, but… it turned him from a face in the crowd of lower nobility into a member of the forefront. It was awful. Hadi felt his guts tie themselves into knots before vanishing down the pit that opened up in his stomach.

"On behalf of my family, I thank you for your generosity. It has been my honor and privilege to serve Allah, the Empire, and you, my Caliph," Hadi forced himself to say, dipping his head low. The sentiments weren't anything special. Flattery when given a gift. Lands. He would need to manage them, wouldn't he? Maybe he could just hand that problem off to his father? Yes… yes, that sounded perfect.

"Fine service deserves a fine reward. I expect fine service from you, Sheikh Hadi." Caliph al-Mahdi stated and Hadi felt a shiver race down his spine. That was quite literally the very last thing that he wished to hear. Hadi's head dipped low once more, stepping back, bowing again, before he fell in place with his prior position before being brought to the center of the palace.

Behind him, water flowed through a small gutter, cooling the room as the heat made a swift return after a break in winter. Much to his relief, despite his recent promotion, he was swiftly forgotten about as the topic turned to what came next. And what came was obvious -- war.

"For too long have we tolerated the Romans holding the gate to the west. Like a sick man with a gut wound, they pitifully cling to life even as the rot has set in. It is time they have been put out of their misery," Caliph al-Mahdi began, his voice firm and harsh as he spoke. "Now is the time that we deliver the final blow. Our armies have been assembled. Our warriors blessed by Allah. Winter has receded, and the first harvest sown."

As he spoke, there was a stirring in the palace that was all too familiar. It reminded him of the command tent. That was mildly terrifying -- what if he was put in charge again? No… no, that was impossible… a lot of the upper nobility would have to die before he was so much as looked at for command.

"Our armies shall be divided into two -- forty thousand men under the command of my heir, Prince Hadi." Hadi's heart nearly jumped from his throat when he was broken from his thoughts upon hearing his name. Only it wasn't his name.

Prince Hadi was around his age, but he was probably everything that his father had ever wanted him to be. Tall, strong, good looking -- dark skin, dark eyes, and a neatly trimmed beard. He was dressed in silks, a traditional turban heavy with gemstones and gold sat upon his head, with a golden gilded scimitar sat at his hip. In the palace, he was the only one who so openly wore a weapon -- a privilege of birth.

"A second army shall attack by sea, from Crete. This army shall be led by my second son, Prince Harun," Caliph al-Mahdi continued, bringing attention to the Caliph's second son. Prince Harun reminded Hadi more of himself than his brother who shared his name -- average looking, not particularly muscular, and he appeared as if he hated being the center of attention. Oh, he hid it well, but as a master of lies, Hadi saw that the younger prince was every bit as uncomfortable as Hadi had been mere moments before.

As far as the empire was concerned, the succession was secured. They had the perfect heir -- handsome, strong, charismatic, and a capable warrior by all accounts. The spare was a shy, almost meek, boy that Hadi couldn't remember any particular rumor about. A potential disaster should Prince Hadi die, but it was far more preferable than two charismatic ambitious sons. Though, in Harun's case, he was so unremarkable that the response when asked about him would be along the lines of 'A second son? The Caliph has a second son? Since when?'

That seemed to be the cue for Prince Hadi to speak, "My army shall mobilize first -- cutting a bloody swath through Anatolia. When the Romans find their courage and muster their men, my brother shall commence a naval invasion behind them." As he spoke, he walked the length of the pool filled with liquid silver, before his father's hidden gaze. On the second pass through, he came to a stop directly before him.

That couldn't be unintentional. A display of power and intent -- Caliph al-Mahdi wasn't old by any measure, but his best years were behind him. Prince Hadi was showing that they had a young, fit, charismatic prince ready to pick up the reins.

"Crushing them in Anatolia is the purpose of this war. We are not there to raid them and carry off petty treasures," Prince Hadi said and Hadi went deathly still when the prince's gaze landed on him. Oh no. No. no, no, no. Dear Allah, please tell him that he hadn't made an enemy of the crown prince- "We are going to conquer their cities and lands all the way to Constantinople. We shall deal a blow that they will never recover from, even should we give them the chance. In the second war, we shall take everything left until we share a border with Bulgaria!"

It seemed a little premature to start planning the next war when you hadn't even won the first. But… given how easy the raiding had been… Hadi was hesitant to say that it wasn't possible.

"As my father has said -- fine service deserves a fine reward! We shall carve up their petty empire and to the victors the spoils!" He added, and his proclamation was greeted with cheering. At the very least, he knew how to work a crowd, Hadi would give him that.

The proclamation brought an end to the official meeting and marked the start of the celebration. People began to feast and make merry as if they had already won. The princes found themselves surrounded quite quickly by nobility, all buttering up their chosen prince for positions of favor in the coming war.

That's why Hadi had no interest in being high nobility, much less a prince.

Even with his new position of nobility, Hadi wasn't important enough to badger, leaving him free to take a cup of fruit juice and head out to the balcony that overlooked the Abbasid capital, Baghdad. The royal palace was at the very heart of it all, giving him a glorious view of the city itself that seemed to stretch out for miles upon miles.

If Constantinople was the beating heart of the Roman Empire, then Baghdad was the heart of the Abbasid Caliphate. The entire city seemed to be celebrating with them -- welcoming the new year and the prospect of war. There, they could make themselves rich at the expense of the Romans.

He drank his fruit juice, idly wishing that he had gotten a kebab while he was at it, finding himself-

Hadi felt a pat on the back and his first thought was that he had been assassinated. Then he turned around and he wished that he had been.

"You've made the family proud, my son," His father greeted him with the most warmth that Hadi had ever heard from him. That was a little unsettling. He hadn't been trying to, but throughout his life, he found that it was rather easy to disappoint his father. It used to bother him, but once he saw what it would take to impress him, Hadi quickly gave up on hearing those words.

The fact that he was hearing them now was a sure sign that Hadi had made a very wrong turn in his life.

"I knew the military was exactly what you needed. Where you would thrive," his father lied through his teeth and Hadi fought to keep the skepticism off of his face. It seemed that they recalled their last conversation rather differently. Hadi recalled the words, 'Rot in obscurity, my worthless child' thrown in his direction a few times. "I never could have imagined that you would accomplish so much. A Sheikh. You've become a Sheikh."

His father grabbed him by the shoulders, smiling in his direction. Behind him, Hadi saw his younger brother -- Naeem. Younger by a few years, but he was easing out of the awkward phase between boy and man. He openly wore his uncertainty at the display and when their father went for a hug, Hadi met his brother's eyes and shook his head.

There was never any doubt who the favorite son had been growing up. As far as Hadi was concerned, Naeem could have the position.

"But what are you doing out here? You should be mingling!" Ah, they were entering more familiar territory -- scoldings. "You are not yet married. I'm sure we can find you a proper bride from a worthy family now, despite-"

"Despite?" Hadi interjected, his voice light. His father recognized the tone.

His father scowled, "It was a black mark on your reputation, but one that has been washed away with success." As he said that, Hadi looked down to his cup, wishing that it were wine. Allah frowned upon getting obscenely drunk, but a little wine would make this conversation far more bearable. "You killed a man over a whore."

"I dueled a man for a friend," Hadi corrected. For all the good it did in the end.

His father, frustratingly, nodded. "That is the story that shall be uttered now. That is the difference in perception of position," He continued and, annoyingly, Hadi agreed with him.

The duel had been sanctioned. There were witnesses. Yet, Hadi had never been a popular lordling. He was as unambitious as his father was ambitious, content to spend the rest of his life spending his father's coin until he eventually inherited his position, and one day, his son would do the same for him. He was a passionate patron at one of the local brothels, and just clever enough to make enough money to continue his visits even when his father cut him off. And because he was unpopular, when he won the duel, he became a social outcast.

Because the man he killed had been vastly more popular than him, even if he had a personality as pleasant as stepping in dog shit.

Now he was a hero. He was a Sheikh.

What a farce.

"Hm. Since you want it so fiercely, feel free to handle the arrangements. I'd prefer a homely wife -- a pretty one is too much hassle," He dismissed the responsibility. And, for a moment, he thought his father might strike him despite the witnesses. Then that moment passed and…

His father had gotten old. He had already been showing some signs of it when they parted ways five years ago, but those signs had entrenched themselves. White streaks in his beard and at his temples, wrinkles gathering at his eyes and mouth… when he thought of his father, Hadi always pictured him as he had seen him as a child. Taller than life, stronger than strong, and shoulders so broad that the sun could rise and set on them. And, in that moment, Hadi felt guilt seize his heart.

He let out a quiet sigh, "I can't change my nature, father. No more than you can change yours."

To that, his father simply clasped him on the shoulders instead of wringing his neck like Hadi knew he wanted to. Hadi could see the words of a very old very weary argument bubbling up, but his father swallowed them down. Not out of any newfound respect, but simply because it wasn't the place to be seen arguing. "Very well. An ugly wife will be much easier to procure than a pretty one." With that, he let go and stepped away.

"I said… homely…" Hadi sighed, watching his father go. As annoying as it was, Hadi did trust him to make a smart match. His father was ambitious, but smart. It was the one trait that Hadi liked to think they shared. His father wouldn't overreach. It would be a good, politically sound match from a respectable family with respectable means. The kind of match that you heard about and said, 'Yeah, makes sense.' And if they didn't get on, then he could do what his father did -- spend most of his time in the military and he'd only have to see her on holidays.

Looking at his younger brother, he met his eye. Naeem cocked his head, "I almost didn't recognize you. You almost looked respectable."

To that, a slow smirk appeared on Hadi's face. "I know. I feared Father might actually give me my inheritance," he joked before his little brother stepped forward and they embraced. To Hadi's surprise, the boy that barely came up to his shoulder threatened to outgrow him. "You need to stop growing."

"I will when I'm taller than you," Naeem replied with a cheeky smile. Brat.

"How is mother?" Hadi questioned, feeling a great deal more at ease. There had been a point that Hadi had been jealous of his little brother -- when their father wrote him off as a poor investment of time and effort, he turned to Naeem. The two were more alike than not, at least more than Hadi was. It still bothered him, but that mostly stemmed from his father's actions.

By the time things reached a breaking point, Hadi lost all interest in earning the approval of their father. In doing so, he removed the painful splinter between himself and his brother.

"Well enough. Though, she was convinced they had the wrong Hadi. How did that even happen?" Naeem questioned and Hadi needed something a lot stronger if he wanted to attempt to explain the headache that plagued him for weeks now.

"I don't even know, little brother," he admitted. He had either been blessed by Allah, or cursed. And at the moment, Hadi was leaning towards cursed. "I'm not sure how to even start."

"If I may," a soft voice spoke up, and Hadi's heart sank down to his boots when he looked over to see who it was. Why? Why was this happening to him? What did he do? Was it because of the drinking? The whoring? If so, Hadi was feeling more than a little singled out because plenty of others sinned the same way and they didn't have to deal with this. "I too, would like to hear this tale."

Prince Harun stood before them, dressed far more modestly than his brother with only a few attendants with him. He seemed smaller, almost frail, standing before him.

"I- ah- My prince," Hadi managed, dropping into a bow alongside his brother. "Forgive our discourtesy. We did not see you," Hadi explained lamely. He was ignored by everyone but a prince. Of all the rotten luck.

"There is nothing to forgive," Prince Harun dismissed with a wave of his hand. "I too sought a reprieve from the festivities and I happened upon you. I thought it a good opportunity to speak." He continued, his voice soft. Not quite hesitant but closer to it than not.

Talk. To him? Why?

"It would be my honor," Hadi replied automatically, his mind racing. Allah may like his cruel jests, but at the very least his father wasn't here for this. That would have been terrible. A true worst case scenario.

"I am to lead twenty thousand men to seize Crete, then attack Anatolia. Given your achievements, I thought it best to get your measure of the situation," Prince Harun said and that was… exceedingly reasonable? So reasonable that Hadi was caught flat footed by the request. He wasn't used to common sense amongst the nobility.

Hadi's jaw worked for a moment, not certain what to say. "May I ask what you desire to know in particular, my prince?" Because if he was asking for personal thoughts, then Hadi was going to have to lie his head off. And it very well could come off if he was caught lying to the royal family.

"A personal account of the invasion would be a nice start," Prince Harun at least didn't sound annoyed by the clarification. "Or, rather, where you believe it went wrong."

He knew exactly how to answer that question. "Siegfried the Wolfkissed, as he's called by his people. Though, in this land people know him as the Pagan." Hadi had given a great deal of thought on the night that upheaved his life. He replayed it in his head dozens of times, thinking of the things he could have done differently. Mistakes that were made or opportunities he failed to spot in the moment.

Prince Harun inclined his head while his little brother looked interested. "Yes. Him. The tales paint him as…"

"A god," Hadi finished when Prince Harun trailed off. There was a harsh intake of breath from one of his attendants at the blatant heresy. "I don't know if I'd call him a god, but I'd hesitate more to call him a man. At the very least, his own people believe him to be. Or the descendent of one."

Prince Harun seemed interested, "You know this for certain?"

Hadi nodded, "We've had minor skirmishes. With some, I had men purposefully surrender to be taken as slaves so they could spy on him from within the town of Norland." A prudent measure. "Reports are sporadic, but they paint a clear enough picture."

That picture was that Siegfried could stay all the way away from him. All the way.

Siegfried was undeniable proof that some people are just born special. A peerless warrior. A veteran commander. A devoted scholar. He had a harem of beautiful women and apparently even possessed a sharp acumen when it came to trade because Norland was already shaping up to be an important port in the Mediterranean sea. Seigfried was the kind of man that boys pictured themselves becoming when they became men.

"You sound as if you fear him," one of Prince Harun's attendants remarked. It was a common enough tactic. A prince couldn't afford to give offense, so one of his spokesmen would voice it for him.

Hadi worked his jaw for a moment, uncertain. Then he spoke, "I personally witnessed him jump aboard a ship of warriors alone. In the span of a breath, he killed three men. In the span of this conversation, he had struck such terror that warriors were jumping into the sea in full armor, drowning, rather than to face him. Then, he jumped to the next ship as if killing two hundred men was nothing more than a troublesome errand." Doubt. Suspicion.

They didn't believe him. How could they? What he was saying was simply unbelievable. They had no frame of reference to the inhuman force of nature that was Siegfried the Wolfkissed. They would only believe it when they were witnessing it for themselves.

The issue with that was Siegfried was smart. He was smart in a truly dangerous way that made Hadi never want to call the man an enemy or get in his way. It would be one thing if he was simply a brute. That could be handled with the right trap and the right bait. However, across from Siegfried, Hadi would never know if he was walking neck first into a noose every time he saw an advantage or weakness.

"You believe him to be that dangerous?" Prince Harun questioned lightly and Hadi offered a grim look.

"A single mistake, my prince. Against Siegfried, you cannot make a single mistake or you will lose," Hadi uttered with such certainty that he almost forgot who he was speaking to. Something that was all too quickly reminded when one of the attendants scowled at him.

"You speak too freely," the attendant remarked, not particularly happy with what he was hearing. He was absolutely right with that observation, Hadi admitted with a touch of hindsight. He really had spoken too freely. It was just the truth and that truth was going to get a lot of people killed because they wouldn't believe it until they saw it and by that time, their defeat was certain.

However, Prince Harun waved him off, "Peace, Yahya. He speaks out of concern for his prince." Prince Harun excused him and Hadi had just enough time to breathe easy for a breath to get caught in his throat. "If what you say is true… then I would feel far more comfortable with this endeavor with one that had faced him once before in my retinue." That-

That wasn't an offer. It was dressed up like one, but if he dared to refuse it, Hadi might as well slit his own throat.

His father was going to weep with joy, Hadi thought, swallowing every curse he could think of. Instead, uttering, "It would be my honor."

At least someone was happy.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 869 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Price for Ambition
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,141
Michalis had managed his task nicely, I would soon learn. Even if I was left with the question of who really sent the assassin after me. They had certainly taken a risk -- an arrow in the middle of a play with dancing elephants was far less subtle than poison. Which made me wonder if this was truly the first such attempt on my life while I was in the Roman Empire. Had there been other attempts and I simply hadn't noticed? Iron Stomach would make me immune to poison, but I imagined I would at least notice if I had been.

On the other side of the argument, it could have simply been orchestrated by someone that had little access to me or servants. They couldn't find an opportunity to poison me, so they found a small window of opportunity to shoot me with an arrow. Or try to, at least. I wasn't entirely sure which one I believed, but I was inclined to believe the latter. If it was, then it narrowed down the suspects a little. High nobility, or the wealthy, would have easy access to the servants.

But if it was someone that, say, couldn't speak the language, but could slip in and out of the shadows, then the attempt made more sense. I had no proof that it was the Abbasids that sent the assassin, but it made sense to me. I was their greatest obstacle when it came to taking Crete before launching their invasion. Then again, I would expect the Abbasids to send a competent assassin -- someone that could blend in with the locals.

"Too many people want me dead," I mused to myself as I found myself sitting in Michalis' villa within Constantinople. It wasn't anything extravagant, at least not by the standards that I had seen so far from the Romans, but it was a clear indication of just how well he had done for himself with our alliance. The room that I sat in was a lounge -- white marble floors and walls, tapestries hanging from the walls, finely crafted furniture, with silk curtains hanging before a window. In the corner was a servant with her head held low, a pitcher of silver in her hands.

The words weren't directed at her. They were directed at Michalis, who lounged in a chair across from me, looking perfectly at home with his wealth. Morrigan sat next to me, appearing faintly interested in the finery that surrounded us, but by this point, she had built up more of a resistance to displays of wealth. It was difficult not to when we were constantly surrounded by it.

"You are a rising star in the great game," Michalis praised, swirling a cup of wine as he gazed into it. "Among your people, it's played very differently. You, I imagine, are their ideal leader. Or their god," He added, his tone idle as his gaze flickered to mine. He spoke freely in Norse, but I detected an odd note in his tone. Uncertainty. "In this land, the game is played quite differently. Not only are you a foreigner rising high, you are rising high with violence and wealth rather than cunning and subtlety. At least, as far as most are aware."

I hummed, considering Michalis for a moment. I was detecting a change within him. It was a subtle thing, but before he was a bundle of nerves hidden underneath a layer of ambition. He was more confident now. He spoke to me more easily. However, holding his gaze, I wasn't entirely sure that was a good thing. Our current relationship worked because he was reliant on me to help cultivate his influence, and now… by all signs, he was able to cultivate his own influence.

It wasn't a bad change necessarily. It could even be a good change. It was, however, a change, and it would take time to see if it was in my interest or not.

"Hm. What of Chares?" I prompted, curious how this would go. To that, a sly and cruel smile tugged at Michalis' lips.

"After his failed attempt to assassinate you, he has been called into questioning. A servant confessed under torture to attempting to kill you in his name," He explained and I swallowed a retort. The news wasn't a surprise. By virtue of blaming Chares, I was aware that we would be pinning a crime on one of his would-be assassins. Still, I couldn't say I cared for it. The servant might have served my enemy, but that didn't necessarily make him my enemy. "Things are lining up quite nicely. His friends are abandoning him like rats on a sinking ship, the few that he still has. Even should he survive the brief trial, it is clear that he is out of favor."

I hummed again, "If?" I prompted, making Miachalis incline his head to me.

"Chares is not nobility. He has wealth, true, but no noble bearing. In truth, while he had money and influence at court… in a way, he is in a similar position as you. When he was useful, the nobility allowed him to curry favor, but now that he's falling from grace, they are quick to give him the boot. To them he was only ever a jumped up merchant with delusions of grandeur who thought he was a member of high society." Michalis explained, and it sounded like that was a sentiment that he shared with the court.

Still, it was a good reminder. I had found favor with Empress Dowager Irene, but it was on the condition that I won. I had little reason to expect that I would lose, but that condition was there all the same. "When is this trial? I have not been asked to speak," I pointed out, finally reaching out to the wine glass that had been set before me. The wine was a dark red -- taking a sip, I found that it was nice, but I still preferred ale or mead.

"Nor will you," Michalis stated with a small shrug. "You are a pagan. Any words or oaths that you make would be cast into doubt because you cannot swear to God." His tone was blunt, making me frown. He wasn't wrong, but it was still annoying to hear. "You may be called as a witness, but it's unlikely."

"A witness?" Morrigan echoed, her tone light and amused. "T'is a curious thing to be called in as a witness to an attempt on one's own life, is it not?"

To that, Michalis winced ever so slightly but he remained firm. "It would. Which is why Lord Siegfried would be called in as a witness to the attempt on my life," he said, avoiding my gaze. "Though, that would be most unlikely as there is already a witness -- of how Lord Siegfried saved me by catching the arrow that would have struck me dead."

It wasn't a bad change to the story. It would probably work better considering all that he said -- Irene's favor or not, I was still a pagan to these people. The issue was that Michalis didn't tell me of the change he made to the story. He didn't consult me, much less ask. It was…

He wasn't one of my men. He wasn't a vassal either. In the end, it was more of a partnership than anything, even if the balance of power was heavily in my favor. I never required him to clear every action that he took before, but this was a little different. This was an attempt of assassination, and the defeat of a mutual enemy. He should have known better than to keep me uninformed and the only reason he would was because he was deliberately hiding the information from me.

Like a dog pulling at his leash.

"So long as Chares is done for, then I care little," I said, admitting that much. I just needed him defeated and crushed before the war started. Because when it did, I would be too busy for him and he would regain his footing. Michalis seemed relieved to hear that, though he hid it well. That told me that he knew he overstepped. "When can I expect the sentencing?"

"Shortly. Perhaps today, even. A confession, witnesses -- the judge has all that he needs to pass a sentence even without his various enemies bribing him." Hm. A perversion of justice. "I shall send a messenger when I hear anything more." He offered before he shifted in his seat, and I saw that calculating look enter his eye. "With Chares' fall from grace, there is a number of matters that we should discuss."

Greed. I've always known of it, and it had served me well, but I saw that Michalis' greed was starting to get the better of him. He was getting drunk on success. I could find no other reason why he was so loose lipped, "We shall divide his assets -- his properties, his businesses… the latter should be relocated to Norland. It's a risk, I will admit, but it will strengthen the town's importance as a trade port."

Hm… he was telling me what we should do. It was a fair idea. Some of the businesses wouldn't be able to make the journey -- there were no vineyards for wine, after all. However, weavers, dyers, and so on could find a home in Norland.

"To what end?" Morrigan spoke my thoughts out loud, leveling a harsh stare at Michalis.

He seemed a little put out, "As I understood it, you wish your settlement to be prosperous?" He asked without really asking, his gaze flickering to me.

"Remarkable. What an astute observation," Mortigan replied, her voice dry and sarcastic. "That is obvious enough. I ask what is your motivation for ensuring our settlement prospers?"

He scowled, "We had a bargain, did we not? You help me and with my rise, I help you in return. Is it so hard to believe that I merely wish to uphold my end of the bargain?" he asked, sounding vaguely insulted. Except he was lying.

"No," I told him and, for a moment, he seemed pleased. "But you are an ambitious man. In my experience, ambitious men look beyond merely repaying a favor." It was a light rebuke, but it was one all the same. Michalis was not an honorable man. If he was, then I could believe that he was repaying a debt owed.

Michalis was a man motivated by greed. The only reason why he would be so willing to help me was because he got something out of it. Being so… proactive? It was suspicious.

Michalis looked down into his wine, clearly annoyed that his motivation was called out. He didn't seem particularly surprised, however. "I had hoped to save this conversation for a later date," he began, taking a sip of his wine, "But perhaps having it now would be better." he held out his empty wine glass for the servant to refill and she did so soundlessly. I fought off a frown, waiting for him to begin.

"You have made it clear that you do not intend to stay in Rome. All of court has heard your intentions -- five years, at the most." He started and I nodded, getting an inkling where the conversation was going. "That calls into question what shall be done with what you leave behind. Norland is shaping up to be one of the most important ports in the Mediterranean. An important stop gap between the Romans and the Abbasids."

I had given the matter some thought. "It is Lord Mimir's domain. I was merely allowed to cultivate the land," I pointed out and Michalis inclined his head to me.

"In accordance with the law, that is correct but when wealth gets involved… the law acts as more of a guideline," he stated and I fought off a scowl. It was hardly shocking, but I still found it distasteful. I wasn't above it, even if I refused to allow it to bind my hands when it came to clear enemies… but to break it to sate one's greed was distasteful. "Chanxi was an unimportant settlement. Crete was unimportant. By the time you leave, it will be a prosperous port with a strong military presence. I cannot ascertain what, precisely, his imperial majesty intends to do with it but… whoever is given rulership over Norland with your departure shall become a rich and powerful lord."

And Michalis wanted it. I could understand why easily enough. We were working through the list of people responsible for his family's fall from grace, and earning back his family lands. Provided I finished the quest before I left for home, Norland was going to be rather prosperous.

Michalis wasn't finished. "With the favor you curry with the Empress Dowager… a word from you could heavily tilt her thoughts to whoever you name should inherit," he continued.

"It's something that I've put some thought into," I told him. I entertained possibilities of keeping it as a friendly outpost. That wasn't practical. I intended to take everyone with me when we left, but I imagine the warm climate would appeal to some. "One of my men can't hold it. There wouldn't be a point. The crown would just take it. Or force a conversion." I was barely tolerated before I found the favor of the Empress Dowager. Whoever I left behind to hold the settlement wouldn't be so lucky.

"They would be an outsider," Michalis agreed, trying to not give away his intentions, unaware that I already knew them.

"I've also thought about tearing it all down," I continued and I saw Michalis' blood freeze in his veins. "It could prove too tempting for some of my men. I don't intend to leave behind half of my army when it comes time to set sail. Tear down the walls, the homes, disperse the population… burn the bridge behind us. I'd rather that then let some pompous Roman benefit from my work."

Michalis was reeling, almost on the verge of panic that he barely managed to swallow down. "That would be-"

"Or," I interjected. "I thought I could sell it," I said, holding his gaze. "Sell the businesses, sell the buildings, and land. I won't have any further use of it. I could use the money and materials for my arrival in Denmark." I had burnt through a great deal of our savings, but we were making a steady profit now that everything was up and running. We could look to slowly raising the tariffs and having a trade good sourced in the town would be welcomed -- I wanted to leave Rome with a sizable amount of wealth.

Michalis licked his lips, "How much?"

"Five thousand pounds of gold, or the value of trade goods equal to that," I answered and Michalis couldn't have looked more shocked if I smacked him across the face. "The settlement is not yet worth that much, but it will be by the time that I leave."

"T-Thats a king's ransom ten times over," Michalis protested weakly. "The only one that could afford that would be the crown," he protested, trying and failing to keep the frustration out of his voice. He wasn't wrong there. It was a rather sizable sum. However, if the ledger held true, it wouldn't take more than fifteen years for the settlement to pay itself off.

I set my wine glass down and stood, "Because we are allies, I will tell you this -- the most valuable thing Rome has for me is knowledge. I'd go as far as to say that an exceptionally skilled architect or tradesmen would be worth their weight in gold." I saw an understanding flash in his expression and he offered a small nod to me.

He didn't thank me as we left his villa, his mind burdened with what we spoke of. Almost as soon as we stepped outside of his villa, which was located in one of the finer parts of the city, a place that was reserved for the homes of nobility, which Michalis still was even if he was landless, Morrigan attached herself to my arm, and I glanced down at her. "I'm surprised that you didn't say that we should stay."

Morrigan huffed at the prospect as we made our way through the streets, the celebration still ongoing. Though, at day ten, it was starting to wind down from a constant affair to being contained in certain areas. "Michalis is a greedy fool with eyes bigger than his stomach, but he was right about one thing -- you cannot thrive here. Not as you would in the north," she stated and I was a little surprised by the concern.

Morrigan was greedy herself, with a love of finery and luxury. And from what I had seen, no place had more of that than Constantinople.

She seemed to find my surprise insulting because she drove a fist between my ribs, making me wince even if it didn't hurt. "In the north, you are more than an outsider. Depending on what tales that are spun, you will be a god returning from a different world, rich beyond belief. More powerful than any petty Jarl or King. T'is for my own sake you must return. How else shall you properly repay me what was promised." She said with a sly smile and I found myself chuckling as we made our way through the city, finding ourselves drawn by a crowd of people sweeping to some performance.

"Aye, true enough," I agreed with a small smile. A promise of home and hearth. That was the promise Morrigan extracted from me. A promise that I've upheld so far, but it seemed she was intent on truly wringing me for all that I was worth.
"This war just needs to hurry up and be done with, then I can focus on-" I started, only to cut myself off when I saw what the crowd was being drawn to. An execution. Even during such a festive mood, there were still crimes. And there were few things people loved more than a public execution. A platform was set up for it with a number of nooses.

I would have kept on walking if it wasn't for the periodic use of True Sight to make sure that there wasn't an assassin in the crowd. A blood red caught my attention in the corner of my expanded vision, prompting me to look up at the platform.

Where Chares was having a noose put around his neck.

"That was fast," I muttered under my breath, finding myself conflicted. I don't think that I could even blame this on Michalis -- someone other than me clearly wanted him dead and they swept the entire process along. It had been a week since the assassination attempt and only a day since Chares had been arrested. No, not even a day -- it was closer to twelve hours.

"Power attracts enemies like honey with flies," Morrigan noted, sounding unsurprised. "When an enemy falls, t'is most unwise to give them a chance to stand again. Or, perhaps, it is being done as a favor to you?" Morrigan questioned and I had absolutely no idea. I saw her gaze flickering about, examining the threads that bound people, but if she saw anything of note, she didn't share it.

This wasn't what I expected. I thought that I would at least get a chance to speak to him one last time. Taunt him with the information of what destroyed him. It was an unworthy desire, but I felt it keenly. Mostly because of Horrik, I suspected. Chares was an enemy, and one that I had to vanquish, but I wondered if I would have chosen this course of action if it wasn't for my true enemy? Was Chares just a stand in for him?

I wouldn't ever know, I suppose, watching as he closed his eyes. He faced his death better than most, his lips moving with what I recognized as a prayer. The crowd was baying for his blood -- they knew nothing of him beyond that he was fat. And there were fewer things that a crowd loved more than watching the mighty be toppled.

The other criminals on the row were lined up and their noose secured. A half dozen in total. Then, with a single pull of a lever… the bench that they had been standing on was pulled out from underneath them. Chares' weight worked in his favor, I saw. His neck snapped with the jerking of the rope while the skinnier of the half dozen were left thrashing about as they choked.

My gaze lingered on Chares' body for a long moment, searching my feelings. There was satisfaction -- he had insulted my family. He had insulted my wife. He had insulted me. Yet, as I looked at the body swaying in the air beyond a roaring crowd…

I had to wonder. Was an insult really worth killing over?

…

Looking back on this arc, I feel like I got a little lost in the sauce when it came to the politics and meandered a bit. So, up next is a rather short war and then we can get back to the city building and learning.
The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 807 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I See Fire
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,177
Hadi's father couldn't have been more happy even if Allah himself parted the skies and proclaimed him a prophet. A royal advisor. A direct connection to the throne. A position of great influence, even if it was to the second son, as a prince was still a prince. It was more than his father could have ever hoped for. Given how proud his father was… it was all the evidence that Hadi needed to understand that, at some point, he had taken a very wrong turn in life.

He never should have agreed to the officer commission. It wasn't Crete where things went wrong, it was the moment he gave in to his father's demands after being threatened to be cut off from the family treasury yet again. He could have been a merchant. He only agreed to the military because it sounded like less effort -- he had seen plenty of officers in his time. They drank, they whored, they kicked up their feet and offloaded all their duties to their underlings. A truly ideal life, he thought.

What a fool he was.

"At least I'm not in command," Hadi muttered with no small amount of relief as he peered up at the bright blue sky, not so much as a cloud in sight. Meaning no hope that the fleet would be delayed. All around him were the sounds of over eager men, ready for glory and riches, as the port in Acre was alive with noise. The fleet that Hadi had once commanded was solidified again to ferry across another twenty thousand men.

Though, it wasn't the same twenty thousand men. The commanders and nobility that had won wealth and prestige in the raiding were honored by fighting beside the crowned prince. Which left nobility that wasn't currently wreathed in glory biting at the bit for a chance to show up their political rivals.

"You are an advisor. The prince would be foolish to ignore your words," his bodyguard, Zafir said. It had been quite a challenge to talk the man out of killing himself, as he had sworn to do when his words led the army into a trap, but it was well worth the effort because Zafir, once he regained his strength, was a excellent man to have between himself and anyone that wanted to kill Hadi at any given time. He did come as a package deal with the child Alim, who…

Hadi's gaze flickered to Alim, watching the child watch men loading supplies onto boats. His hair was trimmed, his clothing replaced from the rags he once war, but… Alim seemed to sense his gaze because Alim looked at Hadi. There was something odd about the child. Beyond the fact he apparently knew Persian, Egyptian, a strange tongue that Hadi couldn't place, and Arabic. It was Arabic that drew the most questions from Hadi.

It had been just over a century and a half since the prophet's death, and in that time, Arabic had spread amongst the nobility. It was the official language of the courts, so nobility, even minor nobility like he had been, were expected to learn. Wealthy merchants and statesmen would learn in the hopes of currying favor. The people, in large part, still spoke the languages of their forebears. Even if it was a language that Alim just so happened to pick up as he had a talent for learning languages, it raised a question of who exactly had he been around to learn it.

"I'm one of many," Hadi said, looking away. The relationship between the two was a mystery that Hadi hoped to unwrap with time, but it couldn't be his focus. "And I imagine most of my advice will conflict with the rest, all of whom outstrip me in status." Even with his new elevation, he was still quite minor. He had no men at arms to offer, no resources, or influence -- he just had his sound advice, and Hadi knew that it wouldn't be enough. "And I doubt that Prince Harun will risk offending his supporters on my behalf."

Not that Hadi wanted him to. The very last thing he needed was other nobility seeing him as competition. That's how you get assassinated.

"Then what is the point of bringing you at all?" Zafir questioned and that's what Hadi would like to know.

"Alas, it is not my place to question royalty," Hadi said before a commotion drew his attention. He recognized a royal palanquin when he saw one, but he wasn't sure who was arriving. There had already been a send off at Baghdad where the army began its march to the Roman border. And, as it arrived, Hadi saw a messenger breaking off and heading to them and Hadi swallowed a sigh.

He hopped off the crate he had been sitting on as the messenger arrived, bowing his head as he spoke, "My lord, you have been invited to dine with the prince and his sister." A royal invitation. Hadi wanted to weep tears of blood, but it was a relief to see that he was hardly the only one being invited. He saw other nobility, much higher nobility, making their way to the flagship that Prince Harun resided. Hadi nearly started weeping tears of blood then because that was the kind of nobility that would take his mere presence as an insult.

"I would be honored," he lied through his teeth and he could have sworn that he heard the faintests of laughs coming from Alim. A quick glance at him revealed his usual expressionless face. Swallowing a sigh, he bid them farewell before following the messenger. It would be a decent enough opportunity to see the flagship -- as Hadi had no command of a ship or men since he could supply none.

The messenger led him down the docks and to the ship -- there, he saw that a tent had been put up on the upper deck where Hadi arrived just in time to see the princess stepping out of the palanquin. She wore light blue silks and a veil, while dark hair fell in long black curls down her back. She was richly adorned with gold and sapphires, and the largest that Hadi had ever seen sat in the jeweled band around her head. She wore a king's ransom.

"Jasmine. Father would be quite wroth if he heard of this," Harun said, seated at a low flat table. Jasmine. The name didn't ring any bells to Hadi's ear as he took a place at the very end of the table, as was befitting of his station. He purposefully avoided the gaze of Emir Muhammad, high nobility. Very high. Hopefully, he would forget Hadi existed soon enough.

The princess herself was likely the child of a second or third wife, or perhaps even a child of a concubine. But, given that she bore the title of princess, she was likely a child of a wife or the Caliph held her in particular esteem.

"By the time he returns, he'll have forgotten all about it," she seemed confident, "At least I didn't sneak away as a commoner -- I would have if I could have taken Rajah with me." Hadi had no idea who Rajah was, but based on how amused Prince Harun seemed, Hadi was convinced he didn't want to find out.

"And why has my sweet sister come all this way? The journey between the palace and Acre is no small trip," Prince Harun questioned and beneath the veil, Hadi saw Princess Jasmine smile.

"I am to see my favorite brother off as he rides to war," Princess Jasmine decided, taking a seat beside her brother. Willful. But Hadi supposed being a child of the Caliph came with some advantages. "Perhaps even join?"

"No," Prince Harun declined and behind the veil, Hadi saw her pout, even if she didn't seem surprised. "It is too dangerous. War is not a place for women."

"I've heard tales that the Pagan allows his women to fight," Princess Jasmine argued without any real heat, seemingly accepting the answer for what it was.

"A savage, my princess. With godless and barbaric ways," Emir Muhammad offered.

Then something rather unfortunate happened. The Princess looked to Hadi, "Lord Hadi, have you seen such things? Do the rumors have any substance to them?"

Why? Why were you people doing this to him? "They do, my princess," Hadi answered and he saw that Princess Jasmine was all too delighted with the news. "Siegfried's wife, Princess Astrid, seems to be a warrior of some renown. At least before finding herself with child." It was a strange custom, and Hadi wondered what brought it about. What land could be so harsh that women were needed to fight?

Hadi swallowed anything else he had to say because Emir Muhammad seemed to take it as a personal insult that Hadi had spoken. Or that he was acknowledged in any way.

"I would like to see this princess. Can you not at least send for me, dear brother? You will have to spend some time on Crete before continuing the invasion?" She tried and Hadi saw her game. Offer high, settle lower -- a bargaining tactic that existed as long as there was bargaining.

Prince Harun pondered that, and the fact that he did told Hadi that the two were close. Close enough that the prince wished to indulge her curiosity. To that, he looked to Emir Muhammad, who seemed all too happy to give his opinion. "We will spend at least a moon turn on Crete after we take it. To give the Roman's pause. I see no reason why you could not join us. Perhaps the Pagan shall make a fine pet." He laughed lightly at his own joke and Hadi's gaze turned to his cup before him. No wine. Just juice. How unfortunate.

Emir Muhammad's game was easy enough to figure out. A month in close proximity with a princess. Hadi was too new at court to tell who was in favor and who wasn't, but given that Emir Muhammad was here Hadi assumed that he wasn't particularly in favor. Powerful enough to not be ignored, certainly, but not lavished with royal attention. Seducing a princess could change that, Hadi thought, taking a sip of his juice, especially when he was high enough nobility to warrant such a match.

"How lovely. Then I shall remain in Acre, awaiting your ships," Princess Jasmine said, patting her brother's hand, getting everything that she wanted. Harun seemed to realize what his sister did based on his mildly amused look, but he didn't correct her. Right. Well, so long as the two of them stayed far away from him, he physically couldn't care less even if he really wanted to. "Do you think I could speak to the Pagan? The tales that surround him are fascinating."

Why was Emir Muhammad glaring at him? What did he do? Ah- royal attention. Again. Prince Harun gestured to him, "Sheikh Hadi has had some experience with him. Do you believe my sister's desires have hope of being fulfilled?" Why are you phrasing it like that? Stop it.

He should say yes. Say yes, and be done with it, but the conversation was far too light. Too simple. They spoke as if they had already won, and it was that very same attitude that led to the disaster that ended with him in charge of twenty thousand men. No. Not again. He refused. He'd rather let everyone die than to pick up the mantle of responsibility. So, better to tell the truth -- a little unpleasantness now beats a lot of unpleasantness later. "It is most unlikely, I am most afraid to say. Siegfried's people glorify death."

Princess Jasmine seemed genuinely saddened while Prince Harun seemed genuinely distraught. "They glorify it?"

"I cannot claim to be an expert, but among my retinue are those that spent some time in Norland. Their gods are strange, but the important bit is that they wish to enter Valhalla. One of their afterlives that is reserved for those who die gloriously in battle. The pagans seem to have many realms of death, but it is Valhalla they most desire. So, it burdens me to sadden my princess, but it is most likely that the pagans will fight to the death. They'll want to." They were a strange people. Hadi personally didn't at all care for it. He liked living far too much.

Emir Muhammad sneered at him, "There is no Valhalla," he cursed. "And I wonder why you know so much about these pagan ways." Why. Why would you do this? Just…

Hadi inclined his head, "Of course there is no Valhalla. But, to them, it is real. As real as Jannah is to us. So, they shall fight and die for the right to enter. As for why I know so much… I wish to know my enemy before I face him." He'd interrogated both Zafir and Alim for everything they knew. He poured over the reports his spies managed to send him with dead drops. And it all painted a damning picture. "After all… The Pagan felt comfortable facing twenty thousand men with two thousand before. Now he faces twenty thousand with five. I imagine, right now, he feels confident that he can win."

"Then he is a most dangerous foe," Princess Jasmine stated and he was glad at least someone understood. She turned to her brother, grabbing his wrist. "You'll take care, won't you?"

Prince Harun seemed pensive. Not afraid, per say, but unsure. "Of course, dear sister."

Emir Muhammad nodded, "The pagans are not even heathens. They are godless. Despite Hadi's warnings, with the light of Allah on our side, we shall be victorious." No title, huh?

It was a cold comfort, Hadi thought as he sipped his juice, that Emir Muhammad was likely among the first that would die in the coming battles.

…

They set sail that same day, the journey to Crete was a short one, no more than a day of travel with such numbers. Hadi remained on the flagship, joined by Zafir, Alim, and his brother, Naeem. Naeem was less than pleased to learn that he had stepped on the toes of an Emir, but there was little to be done. At the very least, he was on his own flagship with the ten thousand men that he had committed to the invasion. The other lords, the lesser lords, made up the other ten thousand.

Despite Hadi's wishes, the weather held. It was smooth sailing the first day of the journey, slowing at night, and it was during the evening of the second day that the island of Crete arrived on the horizon. There, they would disembark at the Abbasid settlement to rejoin with a force that was left behind to maintain their presence on the island. The plan was an assault by sea and land, and with sheer numbers, they would overwhelm Siegfried's forces.

Under normal circumstances, Hadi would say it was a fair plan. Siegfried would be a fool to attack an army four times the size of his, closer to five even with the men left behind. The smartest thing he could do was hold out against their numbers behind his walls. Yet…

Yet, Hadi saw the first sign that Seigfried wasn't content to stay behind his walls when between them and Crete was a single ship. Roman make. "My prince, we should give that ship a wide berth," he offered his advice, watching as the distance between them gradually shrunk. From where Hadi stood, he saw Romans on the deck of the ship, scurrying about like they were doing something.

"They have signaled that they wish to parlay," Yahya, the chief advisor to Prince Harun, replied as he stood on the other side of the prince. Hadi worked his jaw.

"A single ship then," Hadi argued, "but not this one. I have heard tales of the Roman fireships -- just two of them managed to lay waste to the pirates on Crete."

"Lord Hadi speaks sense. It's an unnecessary risk -- send a ship ahead to see what they wish to say," Prince Harun decided and a knot of tension unwound from between Hadi's shoulders. Prince Harun favored him a glance, "I too have heard of these fire ships. Yet, to many, they are a thing of legend."

"I hope I am wrong, my prince. But the consequences of being right are too grave to ignore," Hadi offered, earning a small nod from Prince Harun. They watched as a ship was chosen to sail forward to interact with the lone Roman ship. The tension returned as Hadi watched the two draw near… only for the Roman ship to betray its intentions by surging past it.

"Archers!" Prince Harun shouted out as the Roman ship pressed forward. "Engage the enemy!" Two ships broke off from the formation to clash against the Roman ship, preventing it from nearing the flagship. Archers lined up on the bow of the ships, drawing their arrows and letting them fly. A good number of the arrows sank harmlessly into the water, but some struck true. The Romans, however, retaliated.

Fire. Fire leapt from the Roman ship, dousing the two that intercede it, and across the water Hadi heard screaming. The ships were almost instantly doused in flames, burning, thick black smoke rising as Hadi soon smelled burnt meat and hair. His stomach clenched, bile starting to rise in the back of his throat. Prince Harun stopped, staring at the grisly display with naked horror and disgust. "My prince, the fire ship cannot reach the main fleet."

"I-" he was uncertain, but Prince Harun, to his credit, swallowed down his revulsion. "Divert course," he ordered but Hadi knew it wouldn't be enough. The fire ship sailed beyond the two burning ships, heading to the bulk of the fleet and igniting another ship, this one closer. Hadi saw men jump overboard as they were wreathed in flames, only for the flames to continue to burn underwater as the men sank below the waves.

Hellfire. The Romans had tamed hellfire.

The order went out, and under normal circumstances, the maneuver would have been smooth. Only now there was a ship belching fire at them -- those that were too close to the fire ship for comfort diverted course too hard, slamming into the ships at their sides in an effort to get away. And it was then that Hadi realized the true danger of the fire ship. The fire was deadly, but a lone ship was a lone ship. With calm and resolute men, it could easily be dispatched.

Fire inspired fear. Fear gave way to panic. Panic led to poor decisions and those poor decisions made a situation that could have been mangable into an unmitigated disaster.

The ships that crashed were targeted, dousing one ship caused it to spread. The spreading of the fire incited further panic into other ships, causing further crashes as the fire ship burned a bloody path through their formation. And there was only one way for it to get worse, Hadi decided, looking out to the horizon, and he saw exactly what he feared to see.

"Ships incoming! Ships incoming!" he called out, seeing a dozen of the Norse ships racing towards them at what felt like impossible speeds. They sat low in the water, a full sail carrying them forward -- the ships were entirely too fast for Hadi's liking, and they were going to capitalize on their disarray to inflict even more damage upon them. And… "My prince… we must sail forward."

Prince Harun looked to him, his skin pale and sweat upon his brow. "Forward?"

"Accept the cost in blood, and sail forward. The norsemen will pick us off otherwise," Hadi advised, knowing it in his gut that it was true. It was a cunning plan. Use the fireship to incite panic while the Norsemen harried them, panicking them further while they couldn't muster a proper response. And, from the looks of it, Prince Harun suspected it too.

He gave the order to sail forward, the command echoing out and the response was sluggish. Too sluggish. The fireship inflicted further cost, and some men disobeyed the order entirely to chase the norsemen. They all suffered for it, but the order to go in a single direction prevented any more crashs and clumping. In the end, the fire ship used up its hellfire, and it was swiftly destroyed when it began to flee. And, to Hadi's immense horror, the men chose to set fire to the very ship that they were on rather than let it fall into their hands.

The damage was harsh, but moving in a formation lessened the impact of the norsemen that circled them, firing arrows with deadly accuracy. But, once it was clear that the plan hadn't worked as they wished, the norsemen were quick to abandon the attack and sail back towards Norland. Leaving their fleet a moment to regather itself.

The damage was severe, but less than first impressions would assume. Hadi's worst estimate was that they lost half the fleet, but the truth of the matter was that they had only lost a dozen ships. Still a heavy loss, but a significant portion of those that were on the ships were fished out of the water. They would need to land to get an accurate count of their losses, but things weren't so disastrous that the invasion needed to be called off before it began.

"My prince?" Yahya prompted as a few hours passed in the open water, fishing people out if it while gathering the fleet up once more. Prince Harun looked out at the burnt out ships, only some remaining above water.

"Lord Hadi -- this is the Pagan's doing?" the Prince questioned and Hadi didn't even hesitate to nod.

"Almost certainly. The Pagan is clever, my prince. And ruthless to his enemies. We will not find an easy foe in him," Hadi advised, glad that he was starting to understand. His words were absolutely worthless without understanding or action.

Hadi never wanted to face Siegfried in battle, but by royal command, that choice was robbed of him. Leaving him only with trying to endure his own survival.

Prince Harun seemed to mull that over before he nodded to himself. "We continue to port. Lord Hadi, you shall be by my side," he informed and… well… dealing with jealous nobles was about as deadly as a pagan demi-god, but they could be a problem for another day.

With the decision made… they continued on to sail into port.

Hadi only realized far too late that they had stepped head first into a noose.

...

I'm doing something a little different for this next conflict. We're going to see what it's like fighting Siegfried.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 883 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Refugee in Audacity
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,240
Disembarking was a long and time consuming affair. The settlement of Fajr was in good order, as it had been when Hadi left it some months ago. Five thousand men remained in it to secure their foothold, and they welcomed their countrymen with open arms. Hadi found himself rather busy taking stock of the situation -- collecting spy reports that had yet to be sent to him, inspecting the damage that the fire ship had done to their fleet, and steeling himself for everything to come.

The damage done to the fleet was severe, but it could have been worse. A dozen ships were burnt, and they lost around two thousand men. A harsh number, but their forces were more than replenished by the soldiers holding Fajr. The greater issue was the loss of the horses. While their army was not particularly reliant on cavalry, it was still a great inconvenience -- of the twenty-three thousand men, only four thousand were cavalry, with around five hundred of them being scouts. However, they lost a great many horses. Enough so that of the four thousand, only one in eight had a horse.

Food was a similar issue, but less so. An army of over twenty thousand men ate truly staggering amounts of food a day, and while they had brought a significant amount with them -- hard bread, salted meat, oats, barley, and grain -- the loss of a single supply ship was punishing. Crete lacked plentiful foraging, which meant they would have to turn to fishing to help keep the army fed. By Hadi's calculations, they had enough food for about two weeks, a fair amount of time given that it was expected that they would forage.

Once the army was fully disembarked, the ships would return to Acre, filled up with food, and when the army was ready to march, they would then sail into Anatolia. Assuming that everything went to plan, that was.

"What news do you bring us, Lord Hadi?" Prince Harun questioned as they assembled in an upper class house. It wasn't fit to be called a villa or manor, but it was the closest thing they had in the settlement. The war council was fully assembled with the prince seated at the head of the table, Yahya Birkhmid standing to his right while Emir Muhammad was seated at his left. There were other nobility seated between them, but they were of a lesser concern at the moment.

"My prince, Chania has been evacuated -- the inhabitants, the few left, are in Norland. Additionally, a fire ship wasn't all that the Romans saw fit to give them. Norland is reinforced by two thousand levies," Hadi answered, passing the strips of parchment or cloth that the information was written on down. Reinforcements weren't ideal, but it either spoke of the Romans confidence that they sent so few, or their inability to send more. "The walls have been completed, both outer and inner. Furthermore, a ditch has been dug out before the walls. Interestingly, it seems that the slaves taken have been released from their bondage upon completion of the works."

Seigfried didn't trust his slaves, it seemed. A fair concern given that they were former soldiers and their countrymen were here. That being said, Hadi didn't have any expectations for them in battle. Siegfried had given them months of hard labor to build the settlement, and any strength that they had left wouldn't amount to much in battle.

"The reinforcements change nothing. We still outnumber them three to one," Emir Muhammad spoke up, earning some nods. Prince Harun offered nothing in response. "Walls hastily made are flawed. I say that we teach them this -- March our men to this fort, tear down these godless fortifications, while we attack from the sea. The Pagan does not have the numbers to match us." A full assault.

It wasn't a bad plan. It was pretty spot on for what they intended when they first sailed to Norland, but that was before it became a city that was now defended by seven thousand men- Hadi frowned in thought, and to his cursed luck, Prince Harun noticed.

"You disagree?" The prince asked and the Emir looked like he wished he had arms long enough to reach down the table to strangle him.

Hadi didn't particularly care about the war. Win, lose -- it was all the same to him. However, what did concern him rather greatly was the prospect of getting his head ripped off by the Pagan. "My Prince, my lords… Seigfried is a man of action. I have listened closely to the tales, and I have heard second hand accounts of his battles. The information is less ironclad than I would like, but it is enough to establish a pattern… and that pattern is that Siegfried has only twice, fought defensively. The first time, he was but a boy under the command of another, and the second was not of his own volition."

The second time was a worrisome tale -- that he head been trapped by an army several times his size, but he still managed to cut through them to escape.

Emir Muhammad looked at him as if he had grown a second head, "You say he will attack? An army three times his number? When he has walls?" He questioned, playing up his doubts to discredit him. "I can't tell who would be more mad -- the Pagan, or you."

It was incredibly frustrating to admit that he had a point. It was madness to attack an army many times the size of your own when you had a perfectly serviceable defensive position. Only Hadi had studied his enemy, and he had studied him well. Siegfried was an offensive fighter. An aggressive one. He attacked, and when he gave ground, it was to secure a position that would further enable his offensive.

"I do agree with the general sentiment of Emir Muhammad's plan," Hadi said, his tone placating as he swallowed much sharper words. He had an in with the Prince, which was a horrid thought, but if the rest of the lords didn't like him… they could tip the scales against sound advice. Because it didn't matter how sound it was. Prince Harun couldn't alienate most of his supporters as his actions reflected the crown and his family. "We besiege the settlement by land and sea, but we should maintain a reserve in Fajr to secure our food and ships."

The military wasn't all that different from politics, rather unfortunately. It required saying the right things the right way to the right person at the right time. Those out of favor had their voices drowned out, and suffered sabotage when it came to supplies and even orders. So, as much as he would like to scream at the top of his lungs, he had to adapt his approach to the general consensus. He could survive standing out, but he would not survive standing against the will of the nobility.

"However, I would recommend a larger force to remain behind. Say… five thousand men. In addition, I would recommend building up defenses for our camp outside of Norland," he added. The first part was already within expectations, just increasing from two thousand to five. He could make solid arguments for it -- securing more food, greater security for their fodder and their ships. The second part, Hadi knew, would rub them the wrong way. "The Pagan is audacious, and fortune has favored him for it. I would not expect him to leave Norland defenseless, but it would be well within his character to keep… a thousand men outside the settlement. All for the sake of prodding us and making our siege painful."

Hadi almost cried in relief when he saw Prince Harun nod slowly, "Allah smiles upon those who do not invite disaster into their homes. These measures are prudent and cost us nothing," he spoke in favor of them, which meant no one could speak against them. "We shall take ten thousand men to besiege Norland, ten ships will arrange themselves outside of the harbor, and the remainder shall remain here to be called upon as needed." Meaning that the split was roughly what Hadi had sought.

Then the Prince stood, "We shall depart immediately. Ready the men," he instructed and the war council broke up. Prince Harun took further counsel from Yahya, leaving Hadi free of any obligations.

Already, he felt the cold wind coming from the rest of the nobility. Too high, Hadi thought, as he made his way back to the few he could call allies. His father was an ambitious man, but a cautious one. A rise to power must happen over a long period of time. To rise too quickly was to invite disaster -- the high nobility would turn their nose up in disgust at low nobility grasping for a higher station, while the lower nobility would be fiercely jealous of one of their own rising so high. Staggering the rise over the course of generations would be far easier to swallow by both ends of the court.

He found his brother Naeem speaking to Zafir, both men noticing his approach. Alim, however, seemed content drawing… what seemed to be Nordic script in the sand. Hadi paid it little mind as he closed in on his brother, and Naeem seemed to recognize his expression. "What did you do?"

Hadi couldn't even pretend to be offended. "I spoke too freely," he admitted. "The situation is not so terrible that it can't be overturned… but only once we encounter Siegfried. Until then, I find myself with enemies." Hopefully, the Pagan will kill some of them. Not enough to leave Hadi in a position of power, but just enough to make it clear to the others that Hadi was right all along. It may not soothe their ruffled feathers, but it would prevent them from acting.

"I ache to face him in battle," Zafir muttered, grabbing hold of his scimitar by the hilt. "He is a great warrior, this is true, but I must wash out the stain he put upon my honor." That had been the price Hadi negotiated to prevent Zafir from killing himself. It wasn't a promise he had any intentions of fulfilling when he made it -- he just wanted someone who actually understood how a fleet was supposed to function around. Allah did love his jokes.

"We'll be setting out shortly. Ready yourself," Hadi said, turning to his little brother. Who wasn't so little anymore. He wasn't a boy to be protected, but Hadi was loathe to put him in danger. "Naeem. You will ride beside me, but I want you to swear to me that you will not fight him."

Naeem opened his mouth, but Hadi cut him off by grabbing him by the shoulders. "You won't win. Zafir won't win. I don't care if he's going to take my head, or the Prince's -- swear to me that you will not face him in battle." Hadi had barely saw Siegfried fight in truth, but he couldn't forget it regardless. In the span of three breaths, three men were dead.

To Hadi's immense disappointment, Naeem shook his head. "I cannot be seen as a coward, brother. It would cost the family too much." The family. Father's catch all excuse for using his children like pawns.

"It would cost the family more if you die," Hadi argued, his lips thinning. Where was the safest place for Naeem? The settlement? The ships? The Prince's side? All were in danger of being attacked by the Pagan.

"Then I shall not die," Naeem replied with a cheeky smile, which slipped when Hadi didn't return it.

The fool. The only way Hadi could make sure he didn't get killed was if he kept Naeem in his view at all times.

"You won't, little brother. I shall make sure of it."

…

The army set out by noon, marching overland towards the settlement of Norland. Hadi found himself accompanying the Prince and other nobility, but he was thankfully left out of the discussions. Purposely snubbed, Hadi thought, not minding one bit. It left him free to inspect the terrain. The land was arid with sand colored rocks. There was greenery to be found, but a great deal of it was sparse shrubbery.

The army marched slowly, Hadi found. Noon soon gave way to dusk as the terrain began to gently change. The large uneven plains gave way to rolling hills, which in turn gave way to cliffsides. Hadi eyed them with suspicion -- the scouts rode ahead, so an ambush was unlikely, but as the day wore on, Hadi found himself increasingly anxious.

Fears that were proven well founded when one of the scouts rode back with a message, "My Prince! The way is blocked!" The scout reported, making Hadi frown. Blocked? What did that mean? "The heathens have built a wall and earth works."

One of the nobles that accompanied the prince turned to Hadi, "Did your spies not report this?" It was a rebuke, and one that Hadi found worrisome.

"They didn't. I would see this wall with my own eyes. Is it manned?" Hadi questioned, making the scout nod his head. That was…

"We could not get a good count, but there are at least a hundred of them there," he informed and… Hadi felt uneasy. A manned wall… they weren't far away from Norland, but they weren't exactly close. At least a dozen to twenty miles away. With how slowly the army marched, they would need to camp for the night and arrive at noon on the morrow. A wall that far out made little sense tactically, and having a hundred men…

"He wishes to bleed us. He sacrifices his men to us to delay our journey," Emir Muhammad spoke up, but it was Prince Harun that spoke next.

"Or they are bait. Lead the way," he instructed, ushering his palanquin forward. The scout quickly nodded, leading them to the forefront of the army. It was then that Hadi saw the wall in question -- a palisade reinforced with earthworks and a ditch. No gate to speak of. It ran the length between two problematically steep hills. As the scout had informed, Hadi saw around a hundred men armed with bows and javelins upon the wall.

It didn't make sense, Hadi quickly decided, taking in the situation. The fortification wasn't so well situated that it was impossible to assail, it was just… annoying, if Hadi to call it something. They could climb the hill, but it would be bloody. Or…

"They tempt us to go around?" Prince Harun spoke, echoing his thoughts. The wall blocked off a path, but it was hardly the only one that led to Norland. "Have our scouts spread wide -- if the heathen army is waiting in ambush, then I will not be caught unaware." Prince Harun, in large part, struck Hadi as a shy boy. Not particularly outspoken. However, Hadi was starting to see that underneath that shyness was a sharp mind and an iron will.

Emir Muhammad looked to Hadi, "It seems that the Pagan is as mad as you said." He acknowledged, but it was a cold comfort. Hadi didn't like this entire situation. At all. Even if it was an ambush… it wouldn't be enough. They marched with fifteen thousand men. In the right circumstances, Hadi would say defeat was possible, but not these circumstances. A petty fortification, an ambush…

Hadi found himself digging a fingernail underneath the nail of his thumb, the pinching pain helping him focus as they awaited the scout's report. The pagans jeered at them as they remained at a distance, but Hadi couldn't understand a word that they were saying. He could guess, though. He looked out at them, trying to see what their purpose was.

"Is it a delaying tactic?" Hadi muttered, closing his eyes in thought. He didn't know enough about the terrain, Hadi realized. Well, he knew enough about the terrain -- arid, dry, little forging in terms of berries or nuts -- but the shape of the terrain was largely a mystery to him.

"What say you?" Prince Harun questioned, looking at him with sharp eyes.

Hadi chewed on his thoughts for a moment more, "I fear it is a delaying tactic. I know little of the march there, but I do know there aren't many roads that can handle nearly twenty thousand men and our baggage train going down it. The Pagan may wish to force us down this road. Or, if we attack, we are still delayed and bloodied for it. A drop in the bucket, but still bloodied." A win-win situation for them. The roads on the island were narrow, and the rocky soil made for treacherous footing -- it may be fine for the first five thousand men, but on the tenth, it could give way.

Still, it was a question of a delaying tactic for what-

An image flashed in Hadi's mind. Siegfried jumping an impossible distance to attack a ship of warriors on his own. Bold. No, fearless. Siegfried would know the odds. He would know the numbers. He was unflinching from any danger and mighty enough to make the impossible possible.

What was the single most damaging thing that he could do to the army?

Hadi opened his eyes and looked to Prince Harun. Capturing or killing him would freeze the army in its tracks. A prince was a powerful hostage to have. Similarly, killing the majority of the nobility would lead to fracturing. But, they were all well guarded. Siegfried could not reach them without great cost, and the odds were not in his favor.

The second thing was…

"Our ships. Our food. That mad bastard is going to attack Fajr," Hadi breathed as panic shot down his spine. He felt it in his bones, he was right. It would be a killing blow to an army of this size.

Emir Muhammad seemed vaguely concerned, "We left five thousand men in a walled settlement. Even if they left their own settlement empty, they could not hope to destroy our ships or supplies without destroying themselves." He was right. Completely and utterly. That was exactly why he cautioned that they leave more men behind. "What Shiekh Hadi fears is a concern, but it is one that we have already mitigated."

He was right. He was right, but Hadi still felt uncertain as he met Prince Harun's gaze.

And Prince Harun made the decision, "Take our cavalry and return to Fajr with haste, Sheikh Hadi. If nothing else, you can warn them of an impending attack," He ordered and Hadi nodded curtly before breaking off. It was well handled, Hadi thought with some admiration -- he was dismissed without giving slight, while soothing any wounded pride on behalf of the nobility.

Hadi quickly did as he was ordered. The army itself decided to ignore the wall, heading down in a unified march down the other path. Meanwhile, he gathered up five hundred cavalrymen and began to gallop the way that they came.

It was only an odd thirty miles, and he rode the horses hard, yet the horses could not gallop for hours on end. It was just over eight hours later when he saw exactly what he had feared to see.

Smoke rising in the distance.

Hadi dug his heels into his horse's flanks, urging the steed to go faster as he clenched his teeth. His arse was going to be sore, but that was a concern for tomorrow, he thought. Provided that he lived that long. Rising up over the crest of a hill, Hadi saw Fajr and he saw it burning. Houses were set alight, the fire spreading uncontrollably. Worse still, Hadi saw that the ships were burning as well.

His heart sank to his stomach like a stone -- they were already too late. That was…

That was impossible. Hadi wanted to scream the words out, but it clearly wasn't. Five thousand men. Five thousand men. How could five thousand men and walls not be enough to last more than a few hours?

Any trace of moisture in his mouth vanished at the sight, even as they rode on, spurred by the destruction. And it was only as they neared that they saw the culprits leaving the scene -- men that were hidden out of view rushed forward, carrying an extra horse behind them to meet the men fleeing the burning settlement. And Hadi despaired.

A hundred men. A hundred men had burnt the settlement to the ground.

And he understood why.

Hadi caught sight of a blood soaked man with red hair jumping onto a horse. Siegfried the Wolfkissed. The Pagan. His men gathered themselves up, saddling their horses, and started to flee. Hadi knew exactly who was to blame for their current circumstances. And, for a moment, Hadi was struck with indecision. Cold dread gripped his heart and his breathing hitched when Siegfried seemed to sense them.

He was younger than Hadi expected, and of all things, that's what he first noticed. He was an age closer to his brother than Hadi himself. You wouldn't think it seeing as he was a man grown in size, with blood red hair and bright blue eyes. Handsome, but he still had a boyish look with a thin red beard on his cheeks. His epitaph was well earned, Hadi saw, with a large bite wound on his neck.

Then Siegfried smiled a smile that froze Hadi's blood in his veins. Before he had a chance to decide a thing, Siegfried made the choice for them all and wheeled his horsemen around, charging straight for them. His harburk was dyed red, as were the segmented plates on one of his arms. In one hand he carried a large axe that dripped freely of crimson blood.

I'm going to die. The thought was certain as Hadi found himself facing a charge from what he could only describe as a demigod. One who saw he was outnumbered five times over and decided that the odds were in his favor. It ran out in his head again and again and again, even as he numbly unsheathed his scimitar. The only hope, the only chance, was that the remainder in the city was too much of a threat for a long battle. That they would flee instead.

Yet, Siegfried didn't swerve his horse. And Hadi found himself charging straight towards him. He hefted his blade, and Siegfried hefted his axe…

I'm dead.

Instinct took over before Hadi even realized what he was doing, yanking back the reigns to his horse to jerk its head up just as Siegfried swung. To Hadi's immense horror, he was showered in blood as Siegfried beheaded his horse with a single strike, and his horse crumpled forward, saving Hadi's own head. His blade fell from his hand and through the layer of red that now covered his face…

The last thing he saw was the earth racing up to greet him.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 901 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Plans Within Plans
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,305
"If I'm dead, then Jahannam has a poor sense of humor," Hadi croaked, laying on a bed in a tent, with Alim seated next to him with a book that probably weighed as much as he did across his lap. Alim looked up at him, blinking owlishly at the sudden address, before he offered a small smile. "The battle? My brother?" Hadi questioned, sitting up, only to find his sword arm bound and in a splint. His face hurt. His arm hurt. But, he seemed to remain whole.

"... your brother is injured. Less so than you. The battle was lost," Alim answered in a low voice just above a whisper. Hadi's lips thinned, it was a relief that Naeem hadn't gotten himself killed.

"We outnumbered him five to one," Hadi whispered, pushing back the covers and throwing his legs out. He started to stand, but his ribs seemed to have taken an injury as well. "How badly did we lose?" He asked, looking around to find that he didn't recognize the tent.

It wasn't Alim that answered, but Zafir, who entered by pushing the flap to the ten back. Hadi's gaze instantly went to the stump that was at the end of one of his arms at the elbow. It wasn't his sword arm, but it was still a missing arm. One that hadn't yet been sealed based on the spots of red on the bandages. "Badly. Two hundred to their thirty -- most were felled by the Pagan, and the rest scattered."

Hadi couldn't be bothered to keep the naked dread off of his face, and Zafir continued. "He recognized me after he took my arm. Your brother and I protected you while you were unconscious, trying to get you out of there. I got lucky. I saw him cut through a man at the collarbone and exit out his ribs on the otherside." That was… insane. Impossible. Hadi had tried so hard to not underestimate Siegfried, he'd researched him, and tried to throw out all his preconceived notions about what a man could feasibly do.

Even still, the news rattled him down to the bone. "He let us go?" He questioned, not entirely sure how to react.

"The forces in Fajr were sallying out -- The Pagan attacked them with a force of three hundred, but they encountered a lot more resistance than they were expecting, it seems. They resorted to setting everything on fire to help mask their presence. The hundred that were left overstayed and if they lingered longer, then they would have been crushed between our calvary and the garrison." It sounded like hopeful thinking to Hadi as he replayed the memory in his mind. He couldn't get it out of his head -- Siegfried saw five hundred horsemen galloping their way, and he had smiled. The same kind of smile Hadi would expect if they had been reinforcements for him instead of them.

Hadi rubbed his eyes, already wishing he could return to his slumber. "When was this?" How long had he been asleep?"

"Three days ago. The situation is… not good," Zafir admitted with a grimace. "Fajr burned, and we lost all of our ships there. The food was the target, however. We lost our fodder and grain." Hadi grimaced, that was a deadly blow. They would still have what they brought with them, but it was crumbs in comparison to a feast. "The food situation is… dire. As I hear it, the men that came with the Pagan prioritized setting fire to the settlement and our ships over their own lives. They did a good job of it too."

Fanatics, Hadi realized. Fanatics dying in the name of their god.

Based on Zafir's expression, there was more bad news incoming. "What else? I'd rather hear it all in one go," he sighed.

"We lost around two thousand at Fajr, mostly to the fire. The biggest loss were the ships that we sent to blockade the harbor at Norland. They were attacked and and some of them were seized. The rest broke off the blockade to avoid capture, so we still have ten ships left," Zafir continued and Hadi dragged a hand over his face, feeling the scrapes underneath bandages. "We've also been enduring small raids -- they attempt to destroy our supplies, and ambush our foraging parties. In total… we've lost about four thousand men."

The losses were the least troubling news, Hadi thought furiously. The ships. Losing the ships made sieging Norland impossible. So much of a siege depended on food and water because a siege, if done right, completely blockaded the defender from both. However, Norland had an open harbor. They had a hundred ships that could outpace their quickest ones, giving the pagans control of the sea. They had fresh food, fresh water, and there wasn't even anything to really stop them from trading for the things they lacked.

That was… "Heh," Hadi chuckled, a humorless and grim sound. "I'll give him this -- he knows how to flip the board. We're the ones under siege now," Hadi quickly understood the situation. They had destroyed the food and hampered them from getting more. Foraging parties gave an opportunity to whittle down their numbers, but Siegfried might not even bother. If they failed to find food they would just be mouths to feed with an ever dwindling amount of supplies. Crete didn't have plentiful foraging as it was.

They would be forced to pick the island clean of every blade of grass before the month was up.

The ships had been crucial to their logistics and now, they only had ten ships in total. If they attempted to fish with them, Hadi had no doubt that they would be attacked. The more ships that they lost, the worse their situation became -- not solely because of their dwindling ability to secure food, but because the ships were their method of escape. Twenty thousand men could not fit on ten ships.

"This whole damn island is a trap. He's besieging us," Hadi said, forcing himself to stand up. He wore only a night shift, but he cared little as he forced his wooden legs to obey his commands. "Where is the Prince?"

"He's in his tent with the other commanders," Zafir said, offering a shoulder for Hadi to lean on. Leaving the tent, Hadi saw that they were in a camp and their walk didn't go unnoticed. Hadi felt eyes on him as he walked, hearing faint whispers under people's breaths. And if Hadi was capable of it at the moment, he would have despaired.

It seemed he had distinguished himself by nearly getting killed by Siegfried. How unfortunate. At least in the long term. In the short term, however, maybe he could finagle this newfound respect and admiration into securing his and Naeem's lives. Maybe even a trip back to Acre in the name of reinforcements or something.

They arrived at the central tent, and Hadi noticed that it was spun from silk. The entire thing. What… a statement of wealth, Hadi thought with a small shake of his head, a servant opening the way for them and it seemed that word of their approach arrived before them.

Prince Harun sat at the end of a table, a map with various tokens marking positions in Crete. The table of nobles was a lot emptier, Hadi quickly noticed. And, rather unfortunately, Emir Muhammad was one of the few that remained. "Sheikh Hadi -- it gladdens us to see you awake. We feared the worst when you did not wake from your slumber. We have prayed for your swift recovery," The Prince greeted him and Hadi half collapsed into an offered seat.

"Thank you for your prayers, my Prince," Hadi replied stiffly. A prince was praying for him. He never should have joined the military. He should have been a merchant.

"They say you fought quite well against the Pagan," Emir Muhammad offered and Hadi resisted the urge to snort. He held off simply because he could use the misconception to his advantage. Warriors respected warriors and, so far, he had survived a clash with one that had been beating them since they arrived.

Still, it would be prudent to be humble. "I survived through the grace of Allah, and the bravery of my brother and friend," Hadi said, gesturing to Zafir. Emir Muhammad nodded to that, and Hadi noticed that the distaste that was always in his gaze was missing. "I have been briefed on our current situation. Do we have a solution?"

To that, Prince Harun openly grimaced. A troubling sign, if Hadi was being perfectly honest. A leader could never show his doubts, his hesitation, or his fears. And if Hadi knew that, then the Prince would undoubtedly know that. "Not in so many words, no," he admitted. "The raids conducted on our encampment have been… targeted."

He said the words with a gesture to the empty seats and Hadi realized only then that the missing nobles weren't securing their position or performing tasks. They were dead. "Were they the goals?"

"Possibly, but if that's the case, then it means that the Pagan has a spy within the camp. A good one," Prince Harun replied, his lips thinning. "All the raids have been led by him. You… did not exaggerate his ability, Sheikh Hadi. I dare say that you underestimated him."

Hadi was inclined to agree. "The raids?"

"Small in number, around a dozen men with the cover of archers. They targeted our horses at first, and once they secured their advantage in mobility, they began to strike deeper into the camp. I'd call their attacks assassinations, but that would imply any degree of stealth. They simply attack, cut their way through, then leave before our numbers can overwhelm them. If we follow, our pursuit is ambushed." Prince Harun explained and there really wasn't much that could be done about that. "Our foraging parties are being hit the hardest -- they seem to know where they are, without fail. The smaller bands are ambushed and routed, any supplies they gathered seized."

The situation wasn't sustainable. They had food for now, and later they could eat the horses and the pack animals, but after that... Water was a concern as well, but one that could be managed. However, from the sounds of it, morale was going to be a huge issue. They had arrived with twenty thousand men, expecting an easy victory before the real fighting got started in Anatolia. The men, the levies who were expecting smooth sailing and easy riches, found themselves hungry, beaten, and suffering a string of defeats. It wouldn't be so dangerous if they had been expecting a hard battle, but they hadn't. Unexpectedly stubbing your toe always hurts more than a punch to the face that you saw coming.

"The Pagan is taking advantage of his mobility," Hadi thought out loud. "Do we know their numbers?"

"As many as two thousand outside the walls," Emir Muhammad answered to some surprise.

Hadi slowly nodded, "Without a blockade, the Pagan can freely move around the coast with his ships. Siegfried himself is too dangerous to fight traditionally."

"You have a plan? A good one?" Prince Harun prompted, and it was Hadi's turn to grimace.

"I have a bad one."

…

The Abbasids were annoying, I decided, looking out at their sea of tents outside of the walls of Norland. The stone walls were completed, and in no small thanks to the hard labor of the now freed thalls. They were hardly the tall walls of Constantinople, but at twenty feet up, secured further with a ditch, Norland was as secure as it could be.

The fireship hadn't burned as many ships as I had hoped. The ambush at sea hadn't worked. They left more men in Fajr than I thought they would, making me incur losses that I hadn't expected. Then they ambushed me outside of the settlement. I still felt comfortable saying that we were getting the better of them, but the victories weren't as clean as they could have been. I had hoped to dwindle their numbers a great deal more at sea, which prompted the attack on their settlement.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed," I heard a man speak to me in Greek, and I looked over at the commander of the Roman forces. Damian. The reinforcements from Empress Dowager Irene were quite unexpected -- a token force, but a useful one. Not in so great a number as to completely change the landscape of the battle, but enough that we could afford to spread our numbers a bit. "Your lady wife requested your presence."

Damian was probably the first Roman that I liked, and it was simply because he was professional and didn't get in my way. I patted him on the shoulder before walking the length of the wall. For a hastily made construction, it wasn't half bad. It was nestled in between two steep cliffs, serving as one of two entry points to Nordland. The narrowness of the location meant that the Abbasids couldn't bring their full weight against the wall, and a thousand men could hold it against a tireless assault with proper rest rotations.

We had to expand rather aggressively for the natural chokepoint. More than I was comfortable with, but we had secured a third hill for future expansion. The space would be left unoccupied for some time, I imagine, but that mattered little.

Leaving the wall behind me, I made my way down the winding path that led to the main settlement of Norland, which was defended with a palisade -- it would have been too time consuming to build the stone wall around it, especially if it meant ripping up our current defenses. There was a standing camp of two hundred men on the walls at all times, with a thousand ready to reinforce them at any moment.

Despite the rather sizable army that was currently outside of our gates, Norland almost seemed the same as usual. There were still ships coming and going from the harbor, bringing back fish and trade goods, or coming back from a patrol along the coast. The people still sold items and food at the market, and further construction of housing continued without pause. The only thing that gave away a change was that the thralls, all previously captive, were enjoying their newfound freedom.

Heading up to the longhouse, passing through another gate, I caught further glimpses of my army that continued to drill and train. The men that Garald brought were eager, and some of them already earned their hauberks and arms. It was something of an interesting development -- the new arrivals were more loyal than those that were here first. The ones that I fought with before were all here for glory, coin, and honor. The new arrivals though…

They were here for me.

The double doors to the longhouse swung open for me and I saw a sea of blue. All warriors that were loyal to me without reservation. Continuing onto the back room, I found the war room and that was where I found Astrid. She stood before a table, hunched over, and only partly because of her rounding belly that started to strain against her red dress. She looked down at a model of Crete.

King Widukind had inspired the idea. I got started on it the moment I realized that I would be forced to fight on this island, and I hadn't anticipated help of any kind. Knowledge of the land I was fighting in had proven to be a huge advantage more than once, and it was something that I was eager to replicate. Though, if I was being perfectly honest, my first rendition of Crete wasn't exactly great. It was good enough, but not accurate down to the last footstep like the maps made by King Widukind could boast.

"They're reacting," Astrid said, not even looking up at me as she adjusted one of the pieces that were on the model that took up a significant chunk of the table. In the end, with the time that we had, I ended up focusing my exploration mostly on one half of the island. There were tokens for Nordland, our armies, our fleets in the surrounding sea, and the armies of the Abbasids, their settlements, and what was left of their fleet. "They're moving in blocks of a thousand, spreading themselves out… Easy reinforcements."

As Astrid spoke, I caught a look in her eye to find that her eyes were glowing faintly.

A Blessing.

Zone of Control (Martial): The user establishes a zone with effigies, and all known enemies within the zone will be marked and their movements revealed to the user.

It wasn't the blessing that I had expected Astrid to receive upon my return from Constantinople with two thousand Romans in tow. But it was one that completely changed my plans once she received it. She described it as looking at the ground from above, down at the armies, and seeing them move around. Naturally, we established the zones with the appropriate effigies, though there did seem to be a limit on their size. So, with the model, we picked out potential battlefields where we would most likely deal with the vast Abbasid army.

"We expected that they would," I said, standing next to her, watching as Astrid moved the pieces. I saw what she meant -- the army of twenty thousand was breaking up into smaller bands of a thousand, likely to forage or fish. However, with the closeness of the groups, I couldn't easily attack them. I still could, certainly, but I would swiftly find myself outnumbered and outflanked, and the longer the battle went on, the more reinforcements would be drawn in.

"Some of them are going to be bait," I ventured, my arm snaking around Astrid's waist and pulling her to me. "They'll be out of position to bait me into attacking them, and the others will spring their trap."

"They want to catch you. Have you committed somewhere," Astrid agreed. I had experience with these kinds of tactics in Francia, but more than that, I had many thoughts and ideas on how I would fight someone like me. Someone like Roland. And, the simplest answer was to make Roland commit to a battle that would bog him down while I fulfilled an objective elsewhere. Roland would win the battle, but I would win the war. "What do you want to do?"

I hummed in thought, a slight smile curling at my lips. "I want to sail to the Abbasid cities. With so much of their military committed in Anatolia, their cities are ripe for the taking." We could use the wealth and trade goods.

Astrid snorted, "Maybe not the best idea when we have twenty thousand men camped at our door." A fair point.

"For now, we let them go hungry. I'll continue to burn out their food supplies," I decided. They had learned their lesson after the first time and spread out their food reserves so I couldn't destroy it all in one go. However, True Sight marked out their locations to me when I saw them. "We weaken them with hunger and thirst, then we take this bait and turn the trap on them," I said, taking the tokens and setting up the battle I wished to fight.

Astrid made a faintly impressed sound as I continued, "We deliver a strong decisive defeat to them, and what's left of the army will flee to their ships. We mop up the stragglers, and then our part in this war is done." Technically, it was already finished. Our task was to prevent the Abbadids from landing in Anatolia, and with most of their fleet scuttled, they couldn't.

From here, we can deliver a crushing blow to the Abbasids with a string of raids to their coastal cities. Take a few important hostages, and then the war would be over.

And I could finally get back to studying.

…

This was the chapter that I started to feel bad for Hadi. Man is doing his best, but Sieg has cheats enabled.
The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 842 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 10, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Lessons of History
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,355
Things were not going particularly well, Hadi acknowledged as he stared at the report written on a scrap of parchment. He felt an exhaustion deep in his bones, as in the three weeks since their landing, he had yet to sleep well. The most he had gotten was when he was unconscious and he was half tempted to ask Zafir to whack him over the head.

"He eludes us," Prince Harun cursed, and it was clear that the situation was no less stressful for the prince. No, it was more so for him. A defeat like this would tarnish his reputation. The only silver lining was that most of the nobility, the leaders of the army, were currently dead. Picked off one by one.

Siegfried seemed to have it out for Hadi because the one noble that Hadi wished for him to kill was currently glaring daggers at Hadi from across the table. "You said he would be baited," Emir Muhammad cursed, thumping a fist on the table.

"He has taken the bait. Many times. He just pulls back faster than we can catch him," Hadi argued tiredly. The situation had only deteriorated with time. His solutions were temporary stopgaps at best.

The change in formation and foraging helped some. It served a dual purpose of tempting Siegfried into giving battle against the smaller bands of a thousand men, while also serving as a way to replenish their dwindling food reserves. One band might get harried, but the other nine thousand men wouldn't. They could fish, hunt, search for berries, roots, and nuts. Efforts that were hampered by Siegfried's ability to cut through men like cloth and burn their supplies.

If they kept them all gathered in one place under a heavy guard, he cut through them. If they scattered the supplies out, he would still burn them. If they scattered them out and put a heavy guard, then a noble was killed. Without fail, Siegfried poked them where it hurt, and after nearly a month, during the time that they should have spent preparing for an invasion of Anatolia, they were hungry, injured, and the beginnings of a sickness were starting to sweep through the camp.

"The longer this goes on, the better it is for him. He knows this. It brings him no advantage to commit so early against an enemy that outnumbers him so greatly," Hadi explained yet again, wishing he could scream into his hands. "The longer this goes on, the weaker we become. The more desperate." They lost another five hundred men to Siegfried's raids, though another two hundred were so injured they could not fight.

Prince Harun fell heavily into his seat, "Then we must offer him a morsel too tantalizing to ignore- I am aware that is likely his plan," Prince Harun stated, seeing Hadi's expression. "But it is a risk we must accept. The situation cannot stand as it is -- we must either defeat him or we must retreat." Upon ships that they no longer had. Though a few still remained, and Siegfried seemed to deliberately avoid damaging them. He was leaving them an escape route to flee with.

And that frightened Hadi. That frightened him more than words could possibly say.

He could not argue with the Prince. "It must appear natural, then," he offered. "A lapse in discipline. A group venturing too far out in search of food. It might take a day, but we could see a reaction to that." The past three weeks could very well have lured Siegfried into a sense of security. He always prodded the furthest one out, spotted by scouts that must have the eyes of an eagle.

It would make sense. Hunger would be affecting their judgment, and they found nothing on already picked cleaned ground. That kind of mistake could very well be the exact situation that Siegfried sought to create.

"We must undercut his mobility," Emir Muhammad stated, and when he wasn't glowering, Hadi could aknowledge he had a decent head for strategy. "Else he will simply flee when we approach as he has done every time before. Coward," he muttered underneath his breath like a curse. Another time, Hadi would have thought it odd to call him such given that Siegfried had taken to the field every battle so far, but he was loath to speak or even think in the man's defense now.

"We stagger our approach," Prince Harun voiced, his lips thinning, looking down at the table as if it were a map. "He will hit the first group quite hard. The second will come… as you said, the Pagan is quite bold. If we tempt him into staying for the second band, we can then march in force directly upon him. We kill his cavalry, surround him… he will try to flee but we will pursue. To the ocean if we must. Siegfried must die."

That was the danger of having an army based around a single man. He was the very tip of the spear. They were united because of him. Should Siegfried perish? Then the pagan army's morale would disintegrate. So far from home, Hadi suspected that most would choose to leave the Mediterranean altogether, sailing home with the wealth they had managed to claim. A few would remain loyal to Princess Astrid and her unborn baby, but it was a rare form of loyalty that could endure the mere prospect of a worthy leader just because of who sired him.

Hadi nodded in agreement, "Siegfried must die."

He just had a feeling that it was going to be easier said than done.

…

Siegfried had made himself a number of enemies within the camp -- he had slain many friends, he had stolen food from their mouths, and burned medicine for their wounds. So, Hadi found little trouble finding volunteers for the duty of being bait. The only true trouble was the fact that he was going to be leading them.

It was a rather unfortunate turn of event, but a predictable one. The noble leaders of the army had been systematically killed off -- there were precious few left. Emir Muhammad would be leading the second wave while Prince Harun would follow up with the rest of the army. If everything went to plan, which it almost certainly wouldn't, they would be bringing down fifteen thousand men upon Siegfried's outstretched thousand. A small force would be left behind to maintain the siege, and there was the force in the settlement to secure the ships.

Which was how Hadi found himself seated upon one of the few remaining horses, keenly aware of his position as his band of a thousand men pretended to forage. In the confines of his own mind, he ran through the battle -- how it would take place. His part in this mess was to take out the horses and tie up Siegfried for around twenty minutes. By that time, Emir Muhammad would close in and reinforce. Once their strength was sapped, they would try to flee, only to be trapped in Prince Harun's net-

An arrow punched through the throat of the man next to Hadi, and Hadi flinched so badly he nearly fell from his horse. He wheeled around, his gaze darting to the source of the arrow to find that his scouts failed him. The terrain was chosen specifically for its rocky hills that would help mask the rest of the armies approach, but Siegfried used it to his own advantage. Hadi only realized they had arrived when he saw hundreds of horsemen galloping right towards his force.

"Naeem, stay close to me," Hadi instructed his brother while the alarm horn blared, a signal for the men to jump into action as much as it was for Emir Muhammad to get going. Hadi recognized the lead horsemen easily, his blood red hair making him easily stand out.

This was the flaw of the plan as far as Hadi was concerned -- he had to survive twenty minutes against… that.

"Spears and shields! Form up! Form up! Archers!" Hadi began to shout out, the men reacting snappish to Siegfried's arrival, even if they didn't have the forewarning that Hadi wished for. The men gathered themselves up, leveling their spears, getting into a rough formation while the archers managed to get off a single sporadic volley of arrows. A few struck home, but most either over shot or struck the mail armor that the pagans wore.

Then they struck Hadi's force like a hammer. The first spearline buckled, the second folded, while the third managed to remain standing. The air became filled with the sounds of steel, bloodletting, and worse of all were the screaming horses as they were upended or felled. Hadi had anticipated the devastating effects of the charge, but anticipating a broken limb didn't make it any less painful. And that was the effect that the charge had upon Hadi's force -- it was the equivalent to having an arm shattered.

Their rough formation crumpled, the pagans carving deep into them while their infantry were racing to keep up as their archers fired off arrow after arrow. So powerful was the charge that Hadi doubted that they would manage to survive five minutes, much less the twenty they needed. And, it was only their hatred for Siegfried that kept his force from crumbling apart in a full rout, letting Hadi regroup.

"Press on! Their horses! Their horses!" Hadi yelled out as the momentum of the charge tapered off and his men began to push back. It wouldn't be enough, Hadi knew. The pagan infantry struck them almost as soon as the charge lost its momentum -- an odd five hundred men, but their effect was almost as devastating as the charge. They marched in formation, round shields and axes, wearing ringmail and helms.

A professional force of fighting men, Hadi knew. Against his unarmored levies. The Pagan himself marched aggressively, turning the spears that his men had to the side until they were in striking range.

Normal battles didn't see that many dead. Hadi had studied the records -- people still died, of course, but with armies of comparable sizes, the losses were always smaller than one would expect. And, in truth, most of the losses came from when one army routed and the victor pursued them. That wasn't what the pagan army did. The charge, Siegfried himself, shattered their formation into pieces and that disruption had the same effect as a route -- unprepared and unarmored men met the sharp axes of the pagans that pushed their formation to the side.

And there was nothing that Hadi could do. There were no clever tactics that could turn the situation around. It wasn't a matter of desire, but it simply wasn't feasible. Hadi felt like he was trying to fight a landslide that simply pushed his men to the side if it didn't overwhelm and trample them underfoot. And worst of all, that landslide had a name, and he was coming right for Hadi.

"Hold! Hold!" Hadi shouted, knowing his role in this mess and he would be damned if he lifted so much as a finger more. The horses were being thinned out, though Siegfried remained horsed, wielding a large axe that he swung with devastating efficiency. His job was to hold them, take out their horses, and everyone else could do the actual work of killing the monster before him. "Hold, damn you!"

It wasn't much use, Hadi could admit, his army being shaved away down to nothing as the minutes went by. To his men's credit, most of them didn't flee. They died bravely, but they still died all the same. And one thing was looking more and more likely, but he didn't dare think it. At least, not until his brother spoke the words out loud.

"We have to unhorse him, brother," Naeem voiced as Siegfried carved through the men that separated them. Killing was hard work. Hadi knew that first hand. His duel had lasted all of three minutes, but in that time, he was rendered breathless and drenched in sweat. Siegfried made it look easy. Simple. Each swing of his axe harvested lives much like a farmer would harvest wheat.

He was right. Even if they slaughtered the odd thousand men that Siegfried had with them, it was pointless unless they killed Siegfried himself. However, as right as he was, Hadi found that fear pooled in his belly at the mere thought of throwing himself in the direction of that beast. Any trace of moisture vanished from his mouth, and the sounds of the slaughter faded away the moment his gaze locked with Siegfried's, and there was no doubt in his mind. Siegfried was coming for him.

The thought was enough to make him quit the field then and there. And he would have if it wasn't for his fool brother having more balls than brains, charging forward without so much as a shadow of a thought of self preservation.

His choice was robbed from him, Hadi cursed, forced to follow to make sure that Naeem didn't get himself killed. Or, rather, so he could have the pleasure of killing him himself if they both managed to survive the battle. They waded through the sea of bodies, and Hadi with his horse was able to usher them to the side with greater ease.

He wasn't here to fight. He was here to kill Seigfried's horse. If he managed that much, then he could play dead, and he could survive this madness. His heart was pounding in his throat as they neared one another, and with another swing of his axe, Hadi felt blood splash over his face.

It'd be a bold face lie to say that he had a plan. There wasn't a single thought going through Hadi's head as he tensed -- nothing but pure fear driving him. And, it was only after he did it that he realized what he did.

At some point he drew his sword, holding it with a white-knuckled grip, and he dove forward. Siegfried anticipated the move, and in a flash, he swung his axe, only for the blade to miss Hadi's head entirely. Hadi wasn't diving towards Siegfried. He dove towards his horse, driving his blade into it, and he hit the ground to find that the dusty dirt was a bloody mud. The horse cried out in pain, bucking up, and Siegfried landed heavily off to the side when the horse collapsed nearly on top of Hadi.

That's it. That was his part done. The rest of the war was up to literally everyone else, because he was done, Hadi decided, finding the bloody mud quite comforting. He didn't even mind getting stepped on -- let everyone think he was dead. For good. Maybe, once the battle was done, he could sail away and start a new life somewhere away from all of this bullshit.

"HAHA!" Hadi heard a terrifying laugh and, despite himself, he dared to look up to see that Siegfried was looking right at him with a wide smile on his face. The absolute bastard looked almost pleased that he had been knocked on his ass. "So it's you that's been such a pain in my ass," he accused and Hadi saw a gruesome death in his near future unless something changed within the next five seconds.

Allah decided to answer his prayers then, because Hadi heard the sound of the horn. Relief turned his bones into jelly, even as Naeem and Zafir managed to reach him, pulling Hadi up. Siegfried, completely unbothered by the conflict that surrounded him, simply looked over everyone's heads…

Confidence.

An army of nine thousand was heading his way, and Siegfried didn't seem bothered in the slightest.

Siegfried glanced his way and Hadi felt his blood turn to ice. And, to his immense horror, Siegfried inclined his head respectfully to Hadi before simply turning around and getting ready to flee with his men. He was glad for both Naeem and Zafir keeping him standing because he would have collapsed without them, but the knot of tension wouldn't leave him. And it took him a minute to figure out why, only when the pagans quit the killing field to reveal the utter massacre that had taken place.

"Their retreat is too orderly," Hadi noted, watching the pagans retreat. They certainly moved hurriedly, but they moved as a cohesive whole. Was that because they weren't feeling the pressure? There was maybe three hundred men left in Hadi's entire force that could still fight, so they weren't really in any position to pursue…

"You're overthinking things, brother. We have him," Naeem said, smiling viciously at the retreating army that swiftly vanished into the hills as Emir Muhammad were closing in to pursue. Neither had cavalry, and theoretically, the pagans should be tired from massacring Hadi's men. With Prince Harun moving to seal the exit from behind, they should have Siegfried completely surrounded and from there, it was merely a question of how many men he would take down with him. Hadi's estimation was a lot. A truly astonishing number of men that would be spun into a legend.

Hadi clenched his jaw, "Remind me to strangle you later." He told his brother, spotting a rider leading a horse behind him. Based on the affronted look, his fool brother didn't even realize what he did to deserve it.

The rider approached, "Is Sheikh Hadi among the living?"

Unfortunately. "I am," Hadi waved at the man, and there was some relief on the messenger's face. "What news do you bring?"

"We're here to collect the wounded with your injuries prioritized, but Prince Harun suspected that you would wish to join him if you were able," the messenger replied. That was an offer he could refuse. He could probably get away with saying that he was injured and brush off the invitation entirely. But…

"I could use a horse, good man," Hadi replied and his brother looked at him like he couldn't recognize him. Hadi's gaze met Naeem's, knowing his thoughts even as he took the offered horse. "Get to Fajr, not the siege camp. Both of you." He needed to see it, Hadi thought. He needed to see Siegfried die with his own eyes or he was going to be seeing him in his nightmares for the rest of his life.

"Brother-"

"That isn't a request, Naeem. Zafir, get my brother there. Drag him kicking and screaming, if you must," Hadi instructed, earning a serious nod from Zafir as Naeem appeared almost betrayed. "Always assume the worst, little brother, and you'll never find yourself surprised again." Despite the aches and the pains, Hadi wheeled his horse around to trail after the messenger that was sent to collect him.

And from horseback, the sight of his dead men churned his guts. He could practically see where the pagans had cut through his lines, leaving piles of bodies and hundreds wounded. Some could recover, but Hadi expected that most would die of their wounds in the coming days.

He clenched his jaw, swallowing back bile, and rode off towards the Prince.

…

The plan hadn't entirely worked as hoped, as the pagans managed to move faster than expected. Yet, a day later, the net was slowly closing in on them. Hadi joined up with Prince Harun, who congratulated him on his bravery and promised him honors. After everything, Hadi didn't even have it in him to despair at the prospect.

But the trap was set. Prince Harun marched to the coast, going wide before going inland. Emir Muhammad continued to doggedly pursue Siegfried, attempting to push him directly into the open arms of Prince Harun. Only Siegfried proved resistant according to the scouts, heading to a battlefield of his choosing.

"A frightful man," Prince Harun acknowledged. "He dictates terms even when outnumbered so fiercely." There was a quiet note of admiration in his voice as they sat on what was two of six horses left in the army.

"He senses the trap," Hadi agreed. Siegfried was looking for a battlefield to limit the effectiveness of Emir Muhammad's numbers while maximizing the effectiveness of his own. To that end, the rocky hills with winding narrow valleys and paths was a good choice. It just wouldn't be enough to save him.

The moment that he committed to a defensive position, or even an offensive one, Prince Harun would close the distance. Wide and from behind -- cutting off all hopes of escape. Hadi didn't feel comfortable letting Siegfried dictate any terms of the battle at all, but now the shoe was on the other foot -- Siegfried was forced into a no-win situation and the most he could hope for was to be a real bastard to kill.

"His men…" Prince Harun started, only to trail off. Hadi glanced at the prince to hee that his lips had thinned as he gaze out at the terrain, waiting for a messenger to confirm that the pagans were committed to battle. "His men are loyal."

They think they're following a god, Hadi wanted to say. And after everything he had seen, they very well might be. "They feel like they can win because he is there," Hadi said instead. "They see him carve the way, and they are inspired. It is why they shall crumble the moment he dies."

Prince Harun said nothing to that as they waited for the message.

And waited.

And waited.

And then Hadi saw him. A man riding one of the few horses left in the army, waving a flag that signaled the advance. Hadi took in a breath as word got out, the army moving as one to close the trap upon the Pagan. It was a true testament to him, Hadi thought as they marched -- a total of twelve thousand men were completely dedicated to taking a single man's head. And Hadi could only pray that it would be enough.

They marched in silence, both he and the Prince taut like a bowstring. Soon, over the sounds of marching feet, Hadi heard the sounds of fighting. It was becoming an all too familiar tune to his ears, he lamented. One that he hopefully would never have to hear again.

Soon, he could go home. He could get fat. He would spend a king's ransom at every brothel he could find. Wine would flow in rivers. From here on, Hadi swine to himself, his life was nothing but smooth sailing and irresponsibility.

"He picked his battlefield well," Prince Harun uttered when they found it. They marched through the valleys of rolling hills, and they swiftly found the battle itself. The prince was correct -- the valleys and steep inclines made the small hill that Siegfried was arranged on difficult to attack. Doubly so considering that Siegfried had been marching in a specific direction, and the hill was prepared with a rough earthworks and palisade.

It was a small fort, barely a fort at all. But one that would turn an already painful battle into a bloody one. The hill that the fort was on had two feasible points of approach. There was a potential third, but Hadi wouldn't trust the ground under the weight of hundreds of men. At the base of the hill was a valley that pooled deeply -- they would have to spread their men out a bit to encompass it, but there should be no issue.

All that was left was to get the killing done.

Emir Muhammad was already leading an assault on the position, and it seemed to be making little in terms of progress. Hadi saw Siegfried on the walls, letting loose arrows in an almost continuous stream that felled men without fail. Prince Harun wasted no time joining the assault, trying to force their way through with nothing but pure numbers.

The progress made was small but steady. Slowly, the earthworks were overcome. The palisade was toppled. The pagans began to get picked off…

And then a horn blew.

"What signal was that?" he questioned, overlooking the battle with Prince Harun, who frowned deeply.

"Was he killed?" Prince Harun asked, looking to his attendants for an answer. There was no question who the he was. However, Yahya shook his head, appearing uncertain.

"My prince… I don't believe that horn was ours," Yahya answered and Hadi closed his eyes, looking to the sky above to see that it was darkening with signs of incoming rain.

Yahya was soon proven to be all too right as six thousand pagans and Romans began to pour into the narrow valley passes. Passes that would let them use their smaller numbers to great effect.

They were trapped in the valley.

Hadi couldn't help it as he realized that they were the ones that had taken the bait -- he laughed, and he laughed and he laughed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 933 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Ravenfeast New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,397
I was pretty satisfied with how things had turned out, I thought, looking down at the sea of Abbasid soldiers that we had managed to pen in. It had been a challenge, but for weeks, I had been slowly setting the stage for this. It hadn't been easy and the cost was honestly higher than I would have preferred, but given that we had encircled an army twice our size, I suppose around five hundred dead or wounded was perfectly acceptable.

It was the same trick that King Widukind did back in Francia -- to highlight my position and make the enemy commit to destroying me. It was for that reason why I was the face of every raid when I burned their food reserves and beheaded their leadership, leaving only the Prince for the sake of capture. It was hard fighting, even for me, and after a month, I had a slow growing collection of wounds and bruises to prove it.

From there, I simply pretended to take the bait and led the Abbasids on a merry chase to my chosen battleground. The Prince and his advisors were clever as they decided to fan out wide, trying to close me in, but it didn't disrupt my plans much. From there, it was a simple matter of timing, positioning, and preparation to set the stage for what would likely be my greatest victory so far. Not quite comparable to Hannibal Barca, but I liked to think he smiled upon my tactic.

The battle field itself was a poor one for a large army, and I had banked on them being so blinded by me that they failed to notice until it was too late. The valley was deep, more of a ravine, with steep hills penning them in. The hills themselves were surmountable, but not easily, and the three easy exits were all controlled by my men. My rough fort held one exit with a thousand men, another was held by three thousand, while a narrow pass was held by a thousand of my men and a thousand Romans. Their positions were secured by wagon forts that blocked off the exits.

Naturally, the Abbasids attempted to escape. They crashed against us, trying to break out, but their numbers did them little good. My men were dug in, fortified, and armored. Those that didn't wield spears used axes to devastating effect. We rotated our men, keeping the front line fresh and tending to any wounds that may have been incurred. The Abbasids had far deeper reserves of men, but most of them were levies rather than the disciplined soldiers I could boast.

We didn't press the attack on the first day. We endured their assaults. On the second day, we did the same. On the third day, desperation had started to set in as the Abbasids realized my intentions and they fought to escape. It was for naught as we held strong. They gathered their strength on the fifth day for an attack that did not come. On the sixth, they made a final bid to get out to no avail.

It was the seventh day that I brought a horn to my lips and blew it, giving the signal that we had waited a week for. The horn rang out and I heard calls to arms as my men sallied out of the fort for the first time. The surrounding area was already littered with corpses, which had further fortified our position. The Abbasids had anticipated the attack and they tried to respond, but there was good reason why I waited a full week to launch an attack, risking reinforcements coming from the Abbasid settlement or the few that remained to siege Nordland.

The Abbasids had forgone a baggage train to maintain their speed in capturing me. They had food with them, but by the second and third day, it was gone. In the four days since, the Abbadids had gone hungry. I had seen more than a few eating grass simply to fill their bellies. More than that, I had been systematically killing their leadership as True Vision marked them out to me. Controlling an army of twelve thousand was no easy feat, and it required strong commanders to relay orders.

Commanders that they no longer had. I'm sure the Prince and his advisors were trying to exert their control over the army, but their influence was limited. They lacked the commanders necessary and, simply put, after a week of hunger with bottomed out morale, the men didn't want to listen. They were hungry, afraid, and what they had dreaded for days had finally occurred. The men panicked, many of them trying to flee in the face of me as those that stood firm to fight back.

The battle of Cannae wasn't merely brilliant for how Hannibal encircled a larger force with his smaller one. It was brilliant because of how the battle was fought -- Hannibal packed the Romans in, to the point that some were crushed to death. Most couldn't hope to even fight back as their arms were pinned to their sides. It was a field of slaughter and I would have the same.

The panicking men packed the Abbasids together as they surged against the pass that was guarded by two thousand men. They identified it as the weakest point and they were trying to break out. It worked perfectly for me and my men as the three thousand others pressed into the sides of the Abbasids, who packed themselves together to get away.

Then the killing began in earnest. It was slower than what I was used to. Usually I carved through the lines of the enemy formations to disrupt them, but that would have the opposite effect here. Not that there was any formation to find. Instead, my men and I opted for a slower, grinding, unyielding push against the Abbasids that slowly choked the life from them. Every step that we took, they were forced to take a step back and before long, the Abbasids ran out of room.

It wasn't glorious. Not in the same way that the battles in Francia were -- a clash of men and their arms, their leader's tactics and the gods deciding the victor. At some point, the Abbasids got so tightly packed together that they couldn't fight back at all, but all the same, we pressed on with the slaughter. Our cutthroats lagged behind us, finishing off any who we left behind and dragging their bodies away to not interfere with the battle. On the cliff sides where our archers emptied their quivers into the mass of men, missing was impossible.

The battle would be remembered, I knew, splitting a man's skull with my axe even as he was unable to level his spear at me. I would raise a runestone to it. The first one I had raised with my own hand, though I was certain that I was featured in one or two in Norway and Saxony. But, the truth of the matter was it wasn't a battle.

It was a slaughter.

A slaughter that began in the early morning and continued on until noon. There was no respite to be found as even my arms burned with effort, drenched in blood while killing yet another man. Our shield wall swapped out men, letting some grab a quick bite of bread, meat, and cheese before they were quickly forced back into the killing. The deeper that we pushed, the more we entered the valley, and the thinner we had to spread ourselves.

My boots were filled with a bloody mud, I was drenched to the bone with blood, and my arms screamed with effort with every swing that I made to the point I had decided to switch my shield arm. I was waiting for it to happen by the time the sun was at its apex. It was to be expected, even if I found myself frustrated with it.

My thinning and exhausted line suffered a breach and like an overfull waterskin, men burst forth in a flood. And, to my immense annoyance, I recognized who led the breech.

"I probably should have killed him when I had the chance," I muttered to myself, catching a glimpse of the man. Hadi, I think he was called. He must be beloved by his God because twice already, he had been spared my axe, and thrice he foiled my plans. Four times now, I amended, bringing the horn to my lips and blowing the second signal. True Vision gave me a glimpse of gold, and I knew that the Prince had escaped with Hadi.

Annoying, but hardly a disaster. I was far more concerned with his numbers advantage -- with this defeat, our numbers would be comparable. And a breach was expected, if unwelcome, so I had a plan in place for it.

With the signal, the two thousand men that had been holding their position began to press forward while I swung wide to close the gap. Our line was reinforced by fresher troops and the breach was sealed before more than a few hundred men could escape through it. Rather than give chase to the escaped Prince, we continued the battle and wore the Abbasids down to nothing. No mercy asked and no mercy given.

By the time the afternoon came, eleven thousand and six hundred men laid dead in what would later be called Ravensfeast Valley.

…

"I pity your child, Wolf-Kissed. I don't think he'll ever be able to step out of your shadow after this," I heard Alfric greet me as I overlooked the carnage. The valley was covered in corpses, and there were a handful of my men that were claiming arms and armor, along with whatever wealth they happened to find. All of which would be smelted down into their new armor and weapons by my blacksmiths.

It was a devastating victory by any metric, but not a total one. The Abbasids remained on the island and they still had the numbers to be a threat. My men were utterly spent from a long day of killing, and I was hesitant to press the advantage.

"I'll raise him to reduce me to a footnote," I replied in Germanic.

The Germanic noble hummed in response, "Have you and Princess Astrid considered names?"

"Not yet," I admitted. "Still have some time for it," about four months, based on what the midwives claimed. "Hopefully we'll be back in time to welcome my child into the world." It felt a little strange to speak of a new life before a field of fresh corpses, but it was on my mind. I wanted to raid up and down the Abbasid territory -- Acre, Tyre, Alexandria, Tripoli, Beirut, and Antioch. Perhaps even further inland. Sacking the cities would provide all the wealth I would need to pay my men, and fill Norland with trade goods.

However, before that, there were other matters. "Our losses?"

"A hundred men dead, and another four hundred wounded, but most of them will be able to fight again in a month or two." Alfric answered and my lips thinned. Between my raids and the various skirmishes, I had four hundred men dead with seven hundred wounded. Of that seven hundred, three hundred were crippled in some capacity -- a missing hand, weak limbs, or the loss of an eye. The losses were rather great in comparison, especially when considering our foe, but I needed my men more than the Abbasids needed theirs.

"I might be sending Garald back sooner than I thought," I muttered under my breath. It was tempting to recruit from the locals -- the Abbasids, and the Romans, but those men would not be sailing back with me. I wanted my mercenary company to be my army. The one that I would use to claim Denmark when the time was right. I could really use another three thousand men at the moment.

Even if it came with some risks, I thought to myself, True Vision marking one of the men that collected steel to melt down as red. The very same spy that I had noticed when they all sailed in.

I had no time to dwell on it as I saw Hoffer racing towards us on a horse, his face pale and alarmed. I tensed, bracing myself for the worst, as I turned to greet him. "Wolf-Kissed -- our ships! Those mad bastards burned our ships!" Hoffer growled, fury in his eyes as I looked beyond him. In the distance, it did seem like there was smoke rising up to the sky.

"That bastard," I muttered, knowing exactly which bastard I was speaking of. I wasn't sure if I was impressed or furious. "How many? What happened?"

"The group that escaped went straight to their settlement, but a detachment broke off. They found fifteen of our ships on the coast, slaughtered the guard, and burnt them." Hoffer informed and I scratched at my cheek, feeling the dried blood chipping under my fingernails.

That was annoying. Crete didn't have forests for me to rebuild the lost ships. The ships were there to take advantage of our maneuverability, seeing as the Abbasids lacked much in the way of a navy or horses. They went around the long way to avoid sailing by the Abbasid settlement to deliver my army to me. Nordland itself was guarded by wounded men and Romans.

The loss of fifteen ships stung. It wasn't a crippling loss, but it was a very unwelcome inconvenience.

"The men besieging Norland?" I questioned, mulling over the issue. Four thousand men had been left in their settlement while two thousand men had been left behind at Nordland to maintain the siege. An effort to prevent the defenders joining me, unaware that my men had already set sail.

"Still there. We killed a messenger recalling them, we think," Hoffer informed. Two thousand men. After a week of silence from their Prince, they must suspect something.

"We repay the loss of our ships with more blood. Give me a thousand men, fresh as we have, and I'll crush them at our gates," I decided, sending one last glance at the valley of corpses and the one enemy left within. Looking away, I clapped Alfric on the shoulder, leaving a bloody handprint on his tunic. "We'll see them off the island. Then we rest… and then, we raid."

…

Words to describe the disaster that they faced didn't exist, Hadi was certain. A month ago, they had arrived on the island with more than twenty thousand men, and now they were reduced to a mere four thousand and six hundred. They found themselves outnumbered and the last scraps of their army…

"The Pagan got to them first," Hadi informed the rather empty hall that had once housed all the leaders of the great army. Now, it was just Hadi, Yahya, and Prince Harun himself. Of all the nobility that could have survived, Emir Muhammad still lived, just grievously wounded. The scrap of parchment relayed the message that his last remaining scouts delivered, and Hadi found the walls of the settlement to be of little comfort. Not when Siegfried had already proven that he could breach them. The settlement itself was in a state of ruin, still recovering from the fire.

Prince Harun slammed a fist upon the table, restrained fury etched into his expression. "Any survivors?"

"... None. He is aware that he can't afford them," Hadi said, falling heavily into a chair. He was tired. Exhausted. Utterly spent and he just wanted to sleep.

He would never walk in a crowd again, Hadi knew. He would never forget the crushing sensation of so many bodies pressed together. Sending Naeem and Zafir here had been the greatest idea he ever had because it was nothing short of a miracle that he managed to get the Prince out of the encirclement. Their only chance had been to wait until the line got thin enough and make a push in a single direction with a concentrated force.

"A single mistake, Sheikh Hadi. You once told me that a single mistake was all I needed to make to be defeated. What mistake has been my undoing?" Prince Harun questioned and Hadi closed his eyes.

"We stepped foot on this damned island," Hadi replied and his sincere answer earned a feeble dark chuckle from Yahya.

The advisor to the Prince inclined his head to Hadi, "A mistake we must rectify, I fear. We have ten ships and four thousand men -- I say we make use of both and sail back to Acre, my Prince." Yahya was suddenly a lot more tolerable in Hadi's mind, he decided. "We find ourselves outnumbered and while Sheikh Hadi burning the ships was a welcomed boon, the Pagan does have more. We can find ourselves under assault from land and sea."

"Sheikh Hadi?" Prince Harun turned to him and Hadi considered their position for a moment. There was… one possible path on which they could secure victory.

They did have some advantages. Siegfried and his men were tired after killing thousands of men. They were exhausted, injured, and out of position. They had comparable numbers and, the very last thing that the pagans would expect after that massacre would be an offensive. If they marched out and gave battle… Hadi gave it decent odds that they could win. They may not kill Siegfried, but they could crush his spent army.

"Lord Yahya speaks wisdom, my prince," Hadi said instead. He wanted off this damn island. He wanted away from that damn Pagan. He wanted a soft bed. He wanted wine and good food. He wanted a clever whore in his lap that would make him forget all about this horror.

Prince Harun bit his lip, and despite himself, Hadi understood. This was going to be a disaster that would leave its mark upon his reputation for the rest of his life. And it wasn't his fault. Siegfried was simply a monster put on the Earth to punish them, himself in particular, Hadi felt. But no one would believe it, regardless of how true it might be. And, for a moment, Hadi feared that Prince Harun would choose death over disgrace. Which was his choice to make, so long as Hadi didn't die with him. However, he offered a shallow nod, "We depart. Now."

Hadi couldn't even hide his relief.

Preparations to depart began immediately, and after such a crushing defeat, people were eager to leave. It was dusk by the time the ships were loaded, and it was only upon the advice of Zafir that they delayed heading out into the night. Something that likely saved them as a storm came during it that continued on until the next day. At noon the next day, they finally loaded up on the ships before setting sail.

The mood was abysmal. Hadi figured it likely couldn't be lower even if Siegfried did give chase to them. There were angry mutterings, but Hadi was able to check them with a gentle word here and there. All to make Siegfried the target of their anger rather than Prince Harun. If it worked, Hadi couldn't say. But, hopefully, four thousand men repeating the same tale would lessen the impact on the Prince.

They made the same trek that they did before, sailing throughout the day before slowing during the night. It was at noon the next day that Hadi saw the familiar port of Acre. They were in the homeward stretch, Hadi could feel. So close to casting off his responsibilities. The invasion was a thorough failure, and if he was lucky, he could take most of the blame. Prince Harun would forestall any execution, while Hadi would be so disgraced that he would never be expected to fight in a battle again.

The landed, the flagship sailing into port first, and Hadi saw a crowd waiting to greet them. Hadi stood to the left of Prince Harun, and he saw his face tighten -- the city of Acre was ignorant of their defeat. They were greeted with roaring cheers as they made landfall, and Hadi found himself hoisted up alongside the prince as they were being carried towards the keep. They were treated as returning conquers, and despite himself, shame pooled in his stomach.

He could only imagine how Prince Harun felt. Especially when they made their way to the keep. It was an old fortress -- if tales were to be believed, it had stood since the days of Alexander the Great. It certainly looked it, though the walls showed signs of being refurbished. Inside was large room, one made for fighting, but it served as a welcome room when Princess Jasmine awaited them.

"Brother! You have returned!" Jasmine announced, sounding delighted. Hadi, however, found his attention drifting to something else entirely as the family reunion happened. Trailing behind Jasmine was a tiger. Large, around the height of a pony, but longer, with coiled muscle underneath striped orange fur. And it looked at Jasmine much like a common house cat might -- with affection and mild annoyance in equal measures. It wasn't even on a leash.

"I have, sweet sister. Though I wish I could return as a victor. The truth of it is far harsher -- I have been defeated," Prince Harun informed in a low voice and Hadi saw the joy melt away from Jasmine's veiled face. She stilled, standing before her brother and Hadi could practically see her mind racing.

"The ten ships…?"

"All that is left of the fleet and my army," Prince Harun confirmed quietly. They were hardly alone in the room -- attendants and servants, people of note like the Mayor to the city. Hadi saw the effect that the words had on them. The air of triumph gave way to shock and fear. "I too would be dead if it wasn't for the bravery of Sheikh Hadi. He saved my life more times than I care to count."

Well… at least his efforts were appreciated, Hadi thought as Jasmine's dark eyes flickered to him. Before she could speak, Prince Harun continued. "Father must be informed -- he expects our arrival in Anatolia any day now." Right. That was a problem, wasn't it?

"What do you intend to do, brother?" Jasmine questioned, reaching out to grip Prince Harun's hands tightly.

"I shall recruit to replenish our numbers from the surrounding area, but we shall head straight into Anatolia from there to reinforce father. With some luck, the Pagan will stay on his island and lick his wounds-" Prince Harun started, only for a messenger to enter the hallway and rush to Prince Harun's side, whispering in his ear.

Prince Harun gave no reaction until the messenger pulled away. Then he closed his eyes and… resignation. That's the word Hadi would use to describe his expression.

"Oh. Fuck. He followed us, didn't he?" Hadi heard himself say, any thought of diplomacy fleeing out of his head much like Hadi wished to flee the city.

Prince Harun opened his eyes and regarded Hadi with dark amusement, "Followed you, I suspect. You did burn his ships," Prince Harun pointed out and that was a truly blood-curdling thought. He had just wanted to make sure they didn't attack the settlement with them while he was in it! "You didn't burn enough, it would seem. Fifty of the Pagan's ships are sailing our way."

Well…

"Fuck."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 929 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 24, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Danegeld
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,456
The battle was a fierce one, but Acre still fell to us in little time. And not wholly because we managed to overcome the defenders. I felt it in my bones that Hadi, the commander that had proven to be a thorn in my side since this war began, was behind it. They contested our landing, drew what blood that they could, before large swathes of the defenders fell back to the citadel.

The citadel itself was not overly impressive, but that stemmed mostly because of how old it was. I did feel a thrill of excitement, knowing that Alexander the Great had once besieged the same citadel however. Though, it hadn't been guarded by three thousand men who had run out of places to run then. They were in a corner, their backs against the wall, and they knew they had to fight or die.

I didn't relish the prospect of battle here. We would take it, I knew, but there would be a blood cost that I wasn't sure I wanted to pay. I had already lost a number of men, more were wounded, and I wanted to plunder the unprepared coast after this.

So, I gazed out at the gates of the citadel, the high stone walls and thick iron gate acting as a barrier. The walls were lined with men, all armed with bows. I could probably take the walls with minimal issue -- it wasn't that different from a normal assault on a city. I would secure a foothold on the walls, and then my men would concentrate the attack there. The citadel itself, however, posed a challenge. It was a sizable castle, and I knew that the narrow halls would be packed with men. It would be a long grinding battle, even with me leading the way. And I expected Hadi to do something to sour the victory.

As I pondered the issue, out of the corner of my expanded vision, I saw Thorkell approach. "The new ones are obeying the rules," he informed me, and I knew behind me the sacking of Acre was already underway. "They're a bunch of fanatics but… well, they're treating your word like it comes from the gods themselves." My lips thinned ever so slightly but I shrugged.

"So long as they listen, I suppose," I replied lamely, knowing that it was going to be an issue eventually. The gods favored me, but I imagine that could change if I started to claim that I was one of them. "We can't afford to lose the men to disciplinary measures." The newer recruits were trained in our ways, but it would take more than a month to make our ways instinct. I had feared I would need to flog some men, but so far…

Things were going well. "It is a rich city," Thorkell said, almost hearing my thoughts. He very well might have, given his boon. "Makes men's blood cool when they know there is enough to go around. And when there is more on the horizon."

"I don't like leaving them here. The prince is in that building. Taking him hostage would benefit us greatly," I said, pointing at the citadel. "Towns and cities would open their gates with a blade to the neck of their prince." And I wouldn't have to waste the men taking the walls with force.

Thorkell hummed in agreement, "Aye, I imagine so. Don't like the idea of leaving an army at our backs myself, even reduced as it is. Their commander is a bold warrior. He'd attack Norland while we raided up and down the coast." I agreed with him completely.

"I should have killed him," I sighed. He had earned my respect with the charge outside of the Abbasid settlement, but I had been distracted by Zafir. He was a worthy warrior and I had decided to give him a warrior's death, but I was forced to flee when the rest of the settlement realized where my men and I were. I did feel bad about that -- I had taken his arm, but I didn't manage to take his head, crippling him. Thankfully, it wasn't his sword arm so he could still fight.

Thorkell clapped me on the back, making some of my wounds sting, "I'm sure you'll get the chance soon enough. Come -- let's see the haul," Thorkell coaxed and I was admittedly curious to see the treasures of this city. My gaze lingered on the citadel for a moment more before turning around.

There was still some resistance, but it was swiftly being crushed and the looting had begun. People cowered as men entered their homes in groups of five to ten, pillaging it for everything of value. I hadn't ordered it, but I saw that my men had taken to having the inhabitants of a building sit outside under guard while the building was looted. It was a fine addition to the system I had devised.

The goods that were being brought out were both familiar and unfamiliar to me. I saw spices that I did not recognize, even the ones I saw in Constantinople's markets. Other times, I saw tapestries in a different style than any I knew, but still recognizable. There was wine, bolts of fabric, jewelry, coins, and more. All of which was gathered up at the end of each street where it would then be loaded up onto wagons and placed in a single unified pile.

Honestly, it looked less like looting and more like… aggressive tax collecting.

At the docks, where our ships were, the goods were all being compiled. Categorized and divided with a clerk marking down who brought in what. Already, a great pile was building up and I realized we had a problem. "We're going to need more ships," I muttered, feeling a surge of annoyance directed at Hadi once more. He'd burnt my ships. I had worked hard for those ships. I won a war for them!

And he burnt them.

It was entirely justified and fair -- I'm sure Hadi and the prince were quite annoyed with me as well this very moment. For, as many of my men that were currently sacking the city, there were just as many on guard in case they decided to leave that citadel. Still… those were my ships.

"Worse problems to have -- too much loot," Thorkell agreed. "We have some of their ships. Sluggish things, but they have the room. More than we have in our longships."

I hummed, walking forward to inspect some of the goods taken. My gaze went to a pitcher that was engraved with silver and gold, embedded with gemstones. Then to a long row of silk so fine that I could have taken a yard of it and folded it up to fit in my pocket. Then my gaze landed on a blade. "What is that?" I questioned, picking the blade up and inspecting it. It wasn't a practical knife, I quickly decided.

The handle was too heavy -- a dark wood inlaid with silver, gold, and gemstones, which made the balance of the knife very poor. The blade itself was the length of a hand with a gentle curve to it but the richness of the blade wasn't what drew my attention to it. The metal of the blade was familiar to me. A dark smokey color while the steel seemed to ripple like water. I drew an inch of the blade that was at my hip to find that it wasn't quite the same, but it was close.

And that piqued my interest. It was the first time I had seen such steel before and even if the knife was impractical, it still carried a sharp edge.

"That something important? Got a look in your face," Thorkell informed, offering a cheeky smile and I chuckled, sliding the knife into my belt.

"Aye," I agreed, looking out to the docks. "We'll be taking thralls, I think. Craftsmen and artisans," I decided. I would need to search for the source of this metal, but I would find it and find those who could work the steel. The craftsmen would be captured and brought back to Norland and there, they would take apprentices to impart their knowledge. When those apprentices could produce satisfying results, the craftsmen would be freed. And rewarded, if they proved cooperative.

We would bring the wealth back to Norland before setting out. But I disliked the idea of leaving a dagger at my back like this -- Hadi and the Prince had proven to be troublesome foes, and I knew I could not leave them be. I could leave a detachment to keep them inside of the citadel, but it would need to be a sizable one, which would make further raiding more difficult. But better that than to have Hadi and the Prince sail after-

An idea struck me. "We'll seize the ships -- all of them. From warships to fishing boats, I want them," I decided. We would need to take more thralls to row them, but it also meant we could load up more treasures. I could also bait the Prince and Hadi into making a mistake. After all, I doubt that they would expect us to take the ships purely for taking loot.

Thorkell hummed in agreement, looking out at the ships in question. "That'll work. They won't be able to get to Norland unless they swim."

"It'll draw them out of the citadel. They're clever, but I do not know this prince well. When they realize that I am taking their ability to strike back at me, they will act. Either they'll race to secure the ships or to protect their coastline cities. The Prince, however, could try to slip away back to the Abbasid heartland." I ventured, considering the course of action.

Thorkell laughed, "And some men will stay behind to ambush and capture him. I like it," he gave his approval. "How many men are you giving me?" He asked, already knowing that the task would be his.

"How many would you want?" I asked, feeling comfortable with letting him decide.

He seemed to think on it for a moment, scratching up at the scar that nearly took his eye for a moment. "I'd say a hundred. Horses too. But I can't promise anything -- We don't know if the prince is a coward or not. He might leave the coast with his men and abandon it to us. Unlike some, I can't cut through thousands of men and ride off." He said and I nodded, accepting that risk for what it was.

"I know. Only attack if you feel like the odds are in your favor," I instructed. "I'm going to bait Hadi towards Anatolia, raiding the cities that way. I'll make them think I intend to join that front. If the Prince does try to flee, I want you to take him south, towards Hafia, the next coastal city south of Acre. There will be a ship waiting for you there, and I want you to sail back to Norland."

Thorkell nodded, "How goes the war in Anatolia? When Hadi realizes he has been misled, he's not going to try to follow you south. He'll likely continue up towards Anatolia and reinforce the invasion there." To that, I nodded, finding it likely.

However, it wasn't my concern. "I was instructed to hold Crete and stop an invasion coming from there. We have done so. If the Romans are defeated in Anatolia, then that is through their own failings and the will of the gods." Thorkell clapped me on the back, in full agreement.

I had received scarce news from Anatolia, just what trickled in from the traders. The Abbasids had invaded with an army of forty to sixty thousand strong, if rumors could be believed. They moved as a single whole and laid siege to a castle. I had yet to hear of a battle, but I knew that Strategos Tatzates and Michael were mustering an army to crush the Abbasids, far more freely now they did not have to worry about an invasion from the sea. I had no idea how that battle would turn out, nor did I have any expectations.

Even if the Romans lost, my actions should have balanced the scales enough that the war would not be lost. Especially if I were to take highly valuable hostages. My hope was that to inflict enough damage that the Abbasids would quickly sue for peace, win or loss, and I could return to Norland.

"As it should be," Thorkell replied, nodding at me.

I clasped his firearm, "Gods be with you." I told him with a smile, knowing that it would be some time before I saw my friend again.

"They always are," Thorkell replied, clasping my forearm and nodding. With that, he walked away to gather his men. I watched him go, curious on if he would be successful or not. But, no matter what, I fully expected to see my friend again.

…

The next two weeks were a flurry of activity. I took my army and sailed back to Norland, the ships heavy with goods and skilled thralls. The fifteen ships that I lost were replaced with thirty of the much slower Abbasid ships, which turned a single day journey into a day and a half. Once we unloaded everything, taking a day of rest, before I took my men back out to sea heading straight for Tyre. The first town on a string of coastal cities.

I got the reaction that I hoped to get from Hadi, with his men marching up to Tyre in force. The four thousand men had been reinforced with another thousand from Acre, men who likely wanted vengeance. I think he suspected my intention because when I arrived at Tyre, I found that the guard was raised in forewarning.

We still sacked the city, but it was more of a fight than I had expected. And when the battle turned against the defenders, they fled into fortified manor houses. Which, I swiftly learned, had a concentrated amount of wealth where the rich had hoarded it to protect it from me.

That turned into a long day of fighting where I damn near toppled buildings to get at the men inside of them. All the same, we gathered up the wealth, took the skilled tradesmen, then gathered up the ships. Hadi's force, which marched through the night to catch us in the act, arrived just as we were leaving.

It was a slow journey back to Norland, but we arrived without issue. We unloaded the ships heavy with goods, building a fleet of ships that began to line the surrounding shores when we ran out of room at the harbor.

Then, with another day of rest, we sailed to Tripoli. As we did, I scoped out the army that marched to defend the next city and found that it had swelled in size once again. Now it numbered seven thousand. They weren't even slowed by their baggage train, racing to beat me to the next city. And, again, I found that Tripoli had been forewarned about my arrival.

This time, Hadi almost caught up to me. I was forced to burn the ships in Tripoli's harbor rather than sail off with them. We didn't even manage to load up all the loot by the time they reached the gates, and I saw them watching me as I sailed off back to Norland. With a third city sacked, Norland was overflowing with goods, to the point that Jill had taken to constructing dedicated warehouses to hold the thousands of gallons of wine, the miles of velvet and silks, while also finding places for the skilled thralls.

However, it was when we set sail to Antioch that I saw my luck had run out.

"They burnt their ships," Hoffer called out to me, as if I could not see the dark rising plumes of smoke that came from the harbor. I smiled at the sight as I gazed out at the old city of Antioch, nestled against Anatolia. The walls were tall and uninviting, a large chain around the natural harbor from the river we sailed up through. The city itself was located on an island that parted the river.

It was a subtle misdirection, but one that had paid off. By taking their ships for ourselves, I had hoped that it would give the impression that I had a need for them beyond denying them to the Abbasids. After all, I took a great many more ships than I needed. Or could use. Hadi could not see what I was doing with them, so I knew they would assume the worst.

An invasion into their nation, with their own ships delivering Roman soldiers to their shores.

It would be the natural assumption for them, because it was exactly what they intended to do to Rome.

"The men have fight in them, but not enough to take on a reinforced city," Hoffer called out to me, and I knew that was true. We had rested a little on the sea and in Norland, but we were far from our best. We had done too much fighting in too short an amount of time. We had barely recovered when we sailed to Acre, and I only did so because I wanted to avoid this exact scenario across the coast.

"Turn the ships around," I decided. We would not be taking Antioch this day. It was a fine city, and a well defended one. Maybe we could take the town that grew on the opposite bank of the island, but I knew that Hadi would have left little there for us. All the wealth would be concentrated in that island guarded with at least six thousand men, perhaps closer to ten thousand with the locals joining in the defense. "We'll rejoin Thorkell in the south."

Hoffer nodded and blew a horn, signifying the retreat of the army as I stood at the bow of my ship. My vision was washed in gray as I activated True Vision, and it was then that I saw two golden figures standing on the walls through the billowing smoke. Hadi and the Prince, I realized with some annoyance. Hopefully, Thorkell caught some other noble hostages trying to sneak deeper inland.

My lips pursed for a moment, "I'm going to speak to them," I called out to Hoffer, and a brief look of alarm passed over his face. "I want to gain the measure of the men that have been such a pain in my ass," I added, earning a bark of laughter.

"Just don't sail too close, Wolf-Kissed! You've been a bigger pain in theirs!" Hoffer said as the mast unfurled and my ship began to sail forward. I saw a bit of a reaction from the walls as the two golden figures briefly vanished. My disappointment was momentary, thinking that they were fleeing, but they seemed to want words with me as well, because they both emerged closer to the ground.

Neither the Prince nor Hadi seemed to be the breed of men that would give me so much trouble. Both were older than me, not particularly well muscled, tall, nor handsome. They didn't strike me as warriors. Though, that could simply be because they both looked exhausted, and I had my answer how they beat me here.

They must have marched through the night for days on end. Neither of them looked like they had slept in at least two.

My ship slowed to a stop some distance away from the shore. I was within arrow range, but they didn't seem to have any pointed at me. I propped a foot up on the bow of my ship and leaned forward, looking at Hadi and the Prince, who were guarded by other familiar faces such as Zafir. "You burnt my ships," I opened with, looking at Hadi.

He looked like he wanted to cross the waters and strangle me. "You ambushed us," he replied curtly.

"You survived the ambush," I retorted.

"Which one?"

"Both of them." I had hoped to capture the leaders during the chaos of the fireship, but they held themselves together and pressed forward. The fireship, in that regard, was far less effective than I hoped.

"In that case, I was repaying you in kind. Actually, I think you owe us a few more ships," Hadi shot back, glowering at me. It was less impressive with the dark bags under his eyes. "And a few thousand men."

My lips twitched. He might not have the bearing of a warrior, but he had the will of one. "If you wish to collect those heads, I'll be happy to face you on the field of battle," I offered, putting on appearances. My men weren't in the condition for another pitched battle. And, if I was being perfectly honest, I wasn't either.

None of my wounds were severe, but I had done a great deal of bloodletting in the past two weeks. I had picked up injuries here and there, bruises and nicks. My muscles ached, and I felt about as tired as Hadi and the Prince looked.

"That," the Prince spoke for the first time in a soft voice, "very well may happen. We will not allow your entrance to Anitolia," he stated, his voice firm.

I regarded him neutrally. The Prince, I was less certain of. I didn't know him personally, and the only thing I did know was he had the wisdom to listen to Hadi. Which, in all fairness, made him wiser than most. "I have no interest in Anatolia," I admitted, and I saw their eyes narrow in confusion. It didn't matter if they believed me or not. Either way, I had accomplished what I set out to do, even if I would have preferred to sack Antioch for its treasures.

Even better, if they continued onto Anatolia, I could continue to plunder the coast. Either way, I would win regardless of who emerged victorious in Anatolia.

"You expect us to believe that?" The Prince questioned, his tone suspicious.

"I am a mercenary, Prince Harun. My job is already done -- denying you a launch point from Crete. I raid now for my payment," I said, knowing the effects of my words. Either they would believe me, and they would abandon Anatolia to reinforce their army in the region. Or, they wouldn't and they would remain, leaving the forty thousand men to fight alone.

If they reinforced the army in Anatolia, and the Romans lost the battle… then my mercenary company became more valuable to the Crown. If the Romans won, then the war would be over and I could return to my studies.

To my faint surprise, a calculating glint entered Prince Harun's dark eyes. "So you have. I have seen the aftermath of your actions. They do you credit. Often, I have heard of the savageness of pagans, yet your men acted with more honor towards my people than I could have expected from any other." I tilted my head at the sudden flattery, but I knew what he was about to do.

"I'm afraid you cannot purchase my warriors, Prince Harun," I interjected. "I swore an oath to fight for the Romans, and I will not betray it. My word is worth more than gold."

That had been the Prince's hope, I saw, but he recovered quickly. "Then I offer a payment to you, Lord Siegfried. In exchange for your returning to Norland and inaction until deliberately ordered otherwise by the Emperor… I offer you knowledge." That was a very interesting thing to offer.

I perked up, betraying my interest in the offer. "What knowledge do you have that I cannot find in Constantinople's university and libraries?"

Prince Harun seemed almost triumphant, "A great deal more. I am also a lover of knowledge and wisdom, Lord Siegfried. For many years, I have imported texts from far off lands and sponsored learned philosophers. On your word that you will not raid my people any further for the duration of this war, I shall share what I have gathered with you." The offer was an intriguing one, I had to admit. I was very curious on what the Abbasids would have…

In the end, my greed won out. "I will make that oath. I cannot swear to you that I will not give battle when ordered by my employers, but I can swear that I will return to Norland and I will not leave Crete until I receive such an order. Even when I do, I swear that I will not raid your people. Cities, however, are spoils of war, but I will treat them with honor." I could tell that it was not entirely the oath he wanted, but it was the best that he could expect given the circumstances.

What he really wanted, I knew, was to keep me out of the war while he went to reinforce his father. And with this deal, he got that.

"I accept your oath, Lord Seigfried. Upon the conclusion of hostilities between the Abbasids and Rome, I will send the first shipment of texts and translators for them. Now, leave my shores," Prince Harun instructed.

I inclined my head to him, giving the word to set sail, feeling richer already.

...

Since it's come up, and I thought it was more common knowledge -- Aladdin was heavily inspired by A Thousand and One Nights collection of poems. The poems, in turn, were inspired by historical figures. The relationships were shifted around a bit, but the core characters are still mostly the same. Jafar in Aladdin was Jaʽfar ibn Yahya, who pretty much inspired all the tropes about the secretly ambitious Vizier tropes. The Sultun is implied to be Harun al-Rashid, but that one is more up in the air. What Aladdin did use was Harun's reported love for one of his sisters, who became Jasmine in the movie.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
Last edited: May 1, 2024
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 874 others
Ideas-Guy
May 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Eyes on the Prize
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,518
Without boats filled with treasure, the sail back to Norland was relatively quick even with the much slower Abbasid ships. After a quick day of sailing, we arrived at the docks to cheering applause that didn't diminish even when they learned that we came back empty handed. That, I suspected, was because we had already brought back more wealth than most people had ever seen and we could barely store it all as it was.

There was also a collective air of relief that we were done with the war. It had been a time of stress because of the army of nearly twenty five thousand men prowling at our borders. The battle fatigue built up -- first with dozens of small battles, then a large one, and no sooner than we had won that, we assaulted several cities. The spoils were a fine reward, but that exhaustion still built up all the same.

I certainly felt it as I made my way up to the longhouse, content to leave Norland to rejoice while I got a handle on things. I had just decided to do it in comfort, which was how I found myself sinking into a brass tube that we had taken from the Abbasids, which was filled with steaming hot water. A low sigh escaped me as I sank up to my chin, dozens of wounds stinging from the heat, but my muscles relaxed for the first time in weeks.

"Has Thorkell returned?" I asked, closing my eyes before I felt hands weave into my hair, undoing the braid that I kept it in. Based on the softness of her fingers, I knew it was Jill.

"Not yet," Jill answered, combing her fingers through my hair, wetting it. "The scout ships you left us have seen some activity from the Abbasids -- they're guarding the coast. That could be why he hasn't come back yet," Jill offered and I opened my eyes to see the wooden bath house that was attached to the longhouse. The brass tub was a new addition, but there were several wooden ones.

I wasn't exactly concerned, but I was starting to move in that direction. I had thought that Thorkell would have arrived before me. It had been two weeks and he hadn't sailed back. Had it been a mistake to leave him in enemy territory? Would I even know if he had perished? "Prince Harun and Hadi anticipated an invasion from the sea. They must have sent a message to the towns south of Acre." I mused, considering a course of action.

I would give it a few more days before I would set sail to Acre to see if I could track down Thorkell. I wouldn't raid, and it wouldn't be an attack -- so, it wouldn't be a violation of my oath. It would expose me to attack however. I wouldn't expect the Abbasids to pass up an opportunity to kill me.

"Should we expect another attack?" Jill questioned and I shook my head, sinking deeper into the water.

"They're too out of position to attack Crete and they know it. If they use the ships they have left at all, I'd expect them to sail into Anatolia. Has there been any word?" I asked, curious how the broader war was shaping up.

"Tatzates and Michael are both marching on the Abbasid army with fifty thousand men, but if there has been a battle, word of it hasn't reached us yet." Jill answered and I sighed again. "Jealous?"

"It would be an experience to fight in such a large battle. A hundred thousand men on a single field. Every time I think I've witnessed the largest battle in history, I hear about a larger one," I mused, splashing water on my face. The final battle in Francia was only half as large. "But, we've gained enough. And we are spent."

I thought I heard Jill breathe a sigh of relief behind me. "You've certainly given me enough work," she replied, sounding amused. "I was dreading having to find more space for the loot, and doing another count," she teased with a smile in her voice. "The thralls could pose a problem, however. After everything, the Abbasid thralls match us in numbers."

That was a concern. With a thought, I brought up one of my standing quests from the gods.

Quest: Founding a city.

Objectives:

Population: 9,221/25,000

Wealth: 43,806/100,000

Military power: 3,674/10,000

Notable buildings: 1/5​

The wealth I had gained brought me nearly halfway to my target. It almost made me regret my oath, but I knew that it would be worth it in the end. My task was to turn the wealth that I had collected into what I needed to reach the goal. My military strength, however, had taken a harsh blow. I still had more men than I started with, but over the past month, I had lost over a thousand men. Most would recover from their injuries, but they may not be in a position to continue to fight.

"We'll extend an offer to the thralls -- all but the skilled ones," I corrected myself. "We will put them on a ship to sail back to their homeland. Or, they can remain and learn a trade from the craftsmen. That should split their numbers enough to make them manageable." I decided, already having given the idea some thought. The younger thralls, the ones that had little hope of inheritance or finding a trade, would choose to remain behind. And the craftsmen would be more inclined to share their secrets with their own countrymen.

"Some could become merchants," Jill ventured, following up on my idea. "It would be a shame to scrap the fleet that we gained. They're larger than our ships, so they have more space for goods. I've spoken to our merchants and there are markets beyond the Romans. There are the Umayyad Caliphate to the east, the Bulgars, a small kingdom in the region of Italy… and Francia." To that last one, I snorted.

"I imagine King Charlemagne would be less than pleased to find my ships in one of his harbors," I replied, chuckling. "But the idea is good. It would reduce our reliance on Michalis," I added, finding that I liked the idea. I'm sure many thralls would seek to return home, but I imagine quite a few of them would seek to bring over their families for a better life in Norland if they felt like they had a future here.

"We should make an announcement of it during the feast," Jill decided. "It would soothe some of the bad blood with our new arrivals and give them reason to celebrate instead of stewing in their resentment." To that, I nodded.

A celebration was needed. To honor the gods and thank them for our victories as much as the bounty that we had received. "One of many announcements, I should think," I said, reaching up to her hand as she continued to comb my hair. I gave it a small reassuring squeeze, the meaning behind my words clear.

I was pleased to see that Jill smiled in anticipation. Leaning down, she pressed her lips to my cheek before pulling back. "I shall await the announcement, then. Relax until then. You've more than earned it," she said, kissing me on the cheek again before stepping away to leave me soaking in the water. I smiled faintly, closing my eyes once more as I leaned against the lip of the brass tub.

Now was a time of opportunity, I knew. I had an influx of wealth, skilled craftsmen, ships, and my town was experiencing a population boom. The steps I took now would shape the rest of my stay in the Mediterranean. Now was the time to learn. To make mistakes. To test the ideas that I had when it came to developing a city.

So, as I closed my eyes, I started to envision what I wanted Norland to look like. I pictured marble streets and buildings with clay roofs. I saw a temple to the gods. I saw tall walls. I saw streets of craftsmen -- streets of blacksmiths, weavers, glassmakers, painters, and more. All of them flowing into large markets near the docks that were bustling with ships from all corners of the sea. I would be getting a shipment of foreign knowledge… a library, I thought. A replacement for the Library of Alexandria that would store copies of all that I learned from the Romans and the Abbasids.

And an arena, like the Hippodrome. Or the Colosseum I had read about in texts. I would build bathhouses. And hospices for my warriors that found themselves too injured to continue fighting.

I would need to start training a garrison force, I think. Constantinople had a city watch that patrolled the streets in search of crime -- I had heard they were helplessly corrupt, but I hadn't seen that firsthand. So, I would need to come up with something to stop corruption from taking root. Or, at the very least, make it difficult. It would also be left behind to help manage the city once I left with my army.

My head was full of ideas and I knew a great many of them were too ambitious. But, I needed to try. I needed to learn. I had to discover the best way to build roads. The best kind of houses to build in the much harsher weather in Denmark. Because, in the end, Norland was an experiment.

I must have dozed off in the tub because when one of the servants came to check on me, I awoke to tepid water. Waving off a refill to the tub, I dried myself off and got dressed, finding myself refreshed after the long soak. Jill was busying herself with preparing the feast, with help from Astrid. Choosing to leave them be, I decided to take care of some business before the feast.

Norland, despite the influx of people that were here by force, was in a festive mood. The Romans that had fought with us were celebrating, my warriors were indulging in the riches they'd earned. Odds were, there wouldn't be any work done for days, if not weeks. Which made me sincerely hope that Irene didn't send me a message to continue the fight. My men could use the rest.

Norland, even in the brief time I had been away, had undergone changes. Housing near the docks had been repurposed or rebuilt into warehouses. The second hill that Norland had expanded to was being settled with more organization now that we weren't in a mad rush with an enemy breathing down our necks. Market squares were laid out, and some buildings like taverns or inns were used as cornerstones while the areas around them were filled in as buildings were built.

The blacksmiths were hard at work, and they likely would be for some time. The Abbasid army's arms and armor were all collected and being melted down. There was so much of it that most would end up becoming nails or tools as my warriors provided more than what they needed for a shirt of riveted mail and weapons. The extra hands would help alleviate the strain on the dozen smiths that we brought with us.

My destination was a tavern, where I found who I was looking for. Pushing the door open, I immediately felt myself become the center of attention. Garald, however, raised a toast to me with reverence in his eyes. "The Wolf-Kissed! The Raven-Feeder!" He exclaimed, and I swallowed down my discomfort of how he looked at me.

From the very start, Garald looked at me as if I were a god. Now, he looked at me with even greater fervor… because in his eyes, his faith had been rewarded. There was no shadow of a doubt that he was right to come to me from across the known world. It was in everyone's gazes as I entered the tavern.

"Rest easy. You've all earned it," I said placatingly, but they celebrated it all the same as I made my way to Garald. The seat across from him was offered up and I took it, nodding in his direction.

I didn't feel great about this, I decided. "For now, our part in the war is done but we need to replenish our numbers-"

"I'll leave immediately," Garald said, getting up. In that moment, I knew that it wouldn't matter if I told him to swim to Denmark. He'd get there or die trying. However, I stopped him with a hand.

"Rest, and be easy, Garald. Let us celebrate our victories," I said and the man seemed almost sheepish that I wasn't immediately sending him. "When the feast and celebrations end, I'm sending you to Denmark and Norway with five ships heavy with treasure. There, I want you to do several things -- I want you to recruit men. As many as you can. And I want you to spread word that I have found Miklagard, and that it is a place of great riches."

That would draw more men. I wanted to weaken Horrik in particular, sapping his strength so he couldn't strike out at my allies. Already, I had taken two thousand men from him. Ideally, I would take more.

Garald nodded eagerly and I swallowed my discomfort once more. "I also want you to meet with King Hoffer to commission the construction of fifty longships. Use the treasures that I send with you to pay for it." I didn't want to build them here.

Our longships were much faster than any I had seen in the Mediterranean sea. That was an advantage that I was loath to give up. It was safer to build them with my people, and have them brought down to me.

"Lastly, I would have you deliver messages to my family in Norway. They will be with King Hoffer, and carry their responses back upon your return," I said. It was a tall mission that I was giving him. And a great deal of trust. Yet, as uncomfortable as it was, I knew I could trust him with it. He wouldn't steal the treasures or the gold. He wouldn't betray me to Horrik. The thoughts wouldn't even occur to him.

The man was a zealot and I was his deity.

"It would be my highest honor, Wolf-Kissed," Garald said, religious rapture in his gaze as if I had entrusted him with a divine mission. I… would need to pray to Odin for wisdom on how to deal with that, I decided, because I certainly had no clue how to handle it on my own.

"Take men that you trust. Weather permitting, you should be back before winter," I said, clapping him on the shoulder as I got up to leave. It would take a few months for the longships to be constructed, especially in such volume. It was even likely that it would take more than a year to build the fifty ships. Eventually, my band of mercenaries would be replenished, if not bolstered. My fleet would nearly double in size, and that was without counting the Abbasid ships.

In a year, my position would be stronger than ever.

Leaving Garald and his men behind, who were already fighting over who would join Garald back to Denmark, I found myself thinking of the steps I would need to take. I would need to continue raiding -- mostly to train my men. Raiding the Franks or the Abbasids risked provoking a war, so I would have to turn my gaze elsewhere in the Mediterranean. It would also be a good way to sniff out talent and refine my army for the battles in Denmark -- leaders, fighters, archers, scouts, and so on.

On another note, my studies at Constantinople could continue without interruption. I had learned lessons of war well enough, but it was past time that I turned my attention to the studies I struggled with more.

The hours went by in preparation for the feast while I made plans, setting our course in the coming months. I was feeling excited for it, I decided, finding myself seated in a throne at a high table in the heart of Norland. A marketplace that was set in such a way so that my words would be able to reach everyone. At the heart of the marketplace was a large pile of logs that would soon be ignited into a bonfire. And, for hours, the servants cooked a feast with the foodstuffs that we brought from the Abbasids.

The festive mood had intensified a hundred fold. There was music playing, people dancing, singing, and friendly competitions. The newly taken thralls were less happy, but that was to be expected, and I hoped that would soon change with the news I planned to deliver.

I found myself enjoying the festivities from my seat at the high table. A weight that had been on my shoulders since we arrived on Crete was lifted -- we had won. My family sat with me at the high table, though Morrigan had chosen to go missing rather than enjoy the celebration. Beneath us were my Commanders -- Olek, Authun, Alfic, and Hoffer. All except Thorkell.

It was as the sun was beginning to set that I found myself thumping a carved horn tankard on the table, knowing that it was time for a speech. Word quickly began to spread and I rose to my feet to the marketplace falling silent. Taking in a deep breath, I raised up my cup of mead.

"First, to you, my warriors! We came to a distant land and foreign shores, chasing tales of splendor!" I began in norse, hearing translators echo out my words to my army in various languages -- Germanic, Greek, and there was even someone translating the Greek to Persian for the Thralls. Norland was named for us Norsemen, but I ruled over a truly diverse people. There was cheering going up before I continued, "We have arrived and we have earned a place for ourselves. We have found enemies and brought them low. We have found friends, and with them, great wealth! Our voyage is worthy of a saga that the skalds shall sing of for a thousand years!"

There was a louder cheer and, to my annoyance, I realized whose speech pattern I was copying. Swallowing my annoyance, I continued on, "Let these lands remember our deeds, I say. A runestone shall be erected!" I called out, and my Norse companions cheered, and so did the Germanic men when they understood what I meant. Our peoples were not so different in culture.

The runestone would be the second notable building I constructed. It would be the greatest one my people had ever carved. And it would be how I hid a temple to the gods. The runestone would be carved on four sides, each telling the story of our arrival and deeds in a different language -- Norse, Greek, Frankish, and Arabic. There would be room left for more adventures while I remained in this land, but to start with would detail our war with the Abbasids and the victory in the valley.

The runestone would be located in a grove that I would construct. I would ask for a seedling from the great tree in Verdun to plant in the grove. I would not live to see it, but one day the descendant of Yggdrasil would stand proud in the grove. Amongst the flowers and herbs would be carved statues of the gods where the faithful could speak to them. To those uneducated in our ways, they would merely seem to be stone guardians.

"However, I did not accomplish these deeds worthy of a runestone alone. It was with your bravery, valor, and skill that we managed to defeat the Abbasids!" More cheering, and my gaze drifted amongst the crowd. There, I saw men and women, all looking up at me, hanging off of every word. My gaze lingered on a man, holding up a cup of ale, a long scar taking one of his eyes and he had bloody rags on a stump of a hand. "Nor shall I forget the sacrifice such victories cost. Some paid with their bodies. Others, their lives. They sup in Valhalla with the gods, yet their families remain."

I could tell people were uncertain where I was going with this, so I quickly arrived at the destination. "I will not allow the families of the brave warriors who sailed with me to go hungry. Nor will I allow warriors who paid for victory with their bodies and limbs to suffer destitution. A half share, coming from my share of any loot taken, will go to them and to you."

My men were already loyal. Half of them mistook me for a god. Yet, the thunderous cheering as my words sunk in rivaled that of what I heard in the Hippodrome. My men were already rich, they likely wouldn't need the extra wealth, but they took heart simply because I showed that I would not abandon them. Yet, the reaction I received was more pronounced than I expected. More… intense. I half worried I would be mobbed, not because they hated me, but because they loved me.

It took a full ten minutes for things to quiet down enough that even the shouts to settle down could be heard. It was partly a spur of the moment decision on my part -- With how wealth was distributed, I saw two shares of the whole lot taken. After sacking three cities back to back, I had truly mind-boggling amounts of wealth. Even with the diminishment of half a share, I don't think I would even notice the loss of wealth.

It was five minutes more before things settled enough for me to take Jill's hand and gently pull her to her feet. A smile curled at her lips, her hair and clothes immaculate, wanting to appear perfect for this moment and she was stunning. "A final announcement. On the final day of this celebration, there shall be a marriage. Long have I been betrothed to Gunjill Horrikdottir, and in the time since, she has served me faithfully and without reservation. Before the eyes of you and the eyes of the gods, I shall take her to be my second wife."

You'd think that they were the ones getting married, I thought. Or that I was marrying them. Jill smiled beautifully, basking in a moment I knew I made her wait too long for. I should have married her in Norway. She deserved it then. Though, maybe that wouldn't have been the wisest decision, I thought seeing a flicker of a scowl come from Hoffer, even as his sister cheered as loud as anyone else, even sweeping Jill into a hug.

And it was only then that I saw a familiar face standing above the crowd that cheered for my incoming union. My heart unclenched when I saw Thorkell striding through the crowd, which parted for him with puzzling ease. It was only when he arrived at the front of the crowd that I saw why. An orange striped cat the size of a small horse was pushing his way through the crowd, his lips pulled back to reveal large fangs. I had never seen such a beast before, but I think I knew what it was -- a tiger.

Next to the tiger, who clung to him like a life line, was a woman. She wore light green silks and gold, and even with a veil over her face couldn't hide her apprehension. They came to a stop, and I saw that Thorkell was joined by others -- the warriors I left with him, though fewer in number, and more prisoners than I expected.

The beast and the girl were interesting, but I was far more interested in Thorkell. He looked tired, was my first thought. And his skin had a paleness that I knew indicated some bloodloss, but he still seemed strong. He nodded at me, coming to a stop at the front of the crowd, whose cheers had died off out of curiosity.

"I'm glad to see you back in one piece, Thorkell. You had me worried," I admitted, earning a tired smile.

"Things got a little… complicated. But, I come bearing good news and a tale to tell. First, let me introduce my guest," Thorkell said, gesturing to the girl, and the tiger growled at him when a hand came a little too close to her. Thorkell took a large step to the side to put a little more distance between them. "Princess Jasmine, first daughter to the Caliph. Or so I'm told."

A princess? I hadn't expected that, I thought, turning to Jasmine. Her dark eyes met mine, fear and uncertainty shining in them as she pressed herself closer to the tiger who glowered up at me.

Quite a prize indeed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 878 others
Ideas-Guy
May 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Causes for Celebration
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 15, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,557
"The tiger is tame so long as you don't go anywhere near her. But his idea of what counts as too close changes minute by minute. Made for a really awkward ride back," Thorkell said before tipping his head back, taking several large gulps from a horn of ale while one of our healers saw to a wound he had taken on his side. His ribs were purple and yellow, but over them was a long cut. His chainmail had saved his life. As he described it, a blade punched through the rings at an angle that cut him across the ribs rather than stabbing into them.

"Grabbing her was the easy part," Thorkell continued, letting out a heaving sigh as he drained the horn dry, holding it out for a servant to fill. "Just like you said, the nobles snuck out of Acre and were heading to a city called Damascus. We ambushed them on the road, and they gave up pretty easily on her command. Barely had to kill more than a few of them before the Princess gave herself up to save the lives of her bodyguards." Meaning that she had no taste for bloodshed.

I sat across from Thorkell, away from the celebrations, in the longhouse. "But, her surrender came with a few conditions. No more executing the prisoners. Which put us in a fucking bind because their guards were more than enough to be a pain in our asses. So, I made the call to take the nobility, ditch the guards, and run back to the ship." He raised the horn up to the servant that filled it in thanks before he took another large gulp from it. "Only to find out that the ship had been found and was under guard -- a hefty one. They didn't know about the Princess then, but they were expecting us to come back."

Thorkell winced when the stitching began. "Had to draw them out and of course the Princess saw it as a chance to escape. So, I used her as bait to pull them out of position and hammered them. But, by that time the original guards were back in the city with word that we had their Princess and they started hunting us. They cast a wide net, so for the past two weeks I've been dodging their patrols and looking for a gap in the net. Wasn't more than a couple of days ago that I found one to sail right through." With that, he finished his horn of ale and unleashed a belch that made my eyes water. "Sorry," he offered unapologetically.

My gaze turned to Princess Jasmine's quarters in the longhouse. As Thorkell said, the tiger would not part with her and as soon as she could, she meekly vanished into a room. The other noble prisoners were held in what amounted to prison cells. It was too early to tell how important they were, but when I looked them over, only Princess Jasmine shone gold. "You did well, Thorkell. We both knew it wasn't going to be an easy task, and you got the job done."

"That's what you pay me for," Thorkell replied, lowering his arm as the final stitch was made and tied off. He poked at the wound, only for his hand to get swatted away by an annoyed healer woman. "So, what happens now?"

That was the question. A princess was an unexpected hostage, but she also wasn't one I was prepared to use. If we had captured her a little earlier then I could have used her against Prince Harun. I could have ransomed her back to him, at the very least. And, annoyingly, I wouldn't have needed to make an oath. I should have given Thorkell more support to accomplish his goal faster, even if it meant it would weaken us further when raiding.

"We add her to the letter we send Empress Dowager Irene," I said, mulling it over for a moment. She was my prisoner, so her ransom would be mine, but I was not the one the Abbasids were at war with. I could probably get away with ransoming the lesser nobility, but a princess? I imagine Irene would be quite cross with me if I traded her away without consulting her. It would have been better to capture Prince Harun, or even both of them, as the Romans would have had a lot more leverage over the Abbasids during negotiations for a peace. "For now, she remains here as a prisoner. I suppose it really depends on how the Romans do in Anatolia."

Reaching out I clapped Thorkell on the shoulder, "Get some rest. You've earned it." To that, Thorkell raised up the refilled horn.

"Wake me up when the wedding happens," he said with mirth. "You made her wait long enough." That was too true for me to argue so I just chuckled and waved him off. The wedding itself would be in a week, on the final day of the celebration of our victory over the Abbasids. It felt like a good note to end on. Astrid and Jill were both making preparations for the wedding itself, as neither of our parents were here to shoulder the responsibility.

I scratched at my cheek, my attention drifting back to Princess Jasmine. She was a princess, so treating her as a normal prisoner wouldn't do. She would have to be treated as a… guest that couldn't leave. So, she would need to be included in the festivities. It might also give me the chance to gain some insight to Prince Harun and Hadi. I was uncertain if we would clash once more in the years I would remain here, but it would be prudent to prepare for that possibility.

With that thought in mind, I turned my attention to finding Jill and Astrid. The festivities were in full swing with all of the announcements made, so our constant presence wasn't required. Everyone was enjoying themselves, even the thralls that were welcomed at the feast when they learned that their freedom was in their grasp. Morrigan was still off doing her own self-appointed tasks, and all I knew of it was that she left a message with Jill saying that she would be gone for a few days. I was curious what exactly she was doing, but I knew to trust her.

I found my wife and my soon to be second wife together, overlooking the feast but not quite a part of it. They both looked up as I approached, "How would you two feel about being accompanied by a princess?" I asked and Astrid cocked an eyebrow. "I've never captured royalty before," I offered with a shrug.

"It would be a good idea to make a good impression. As much as we can after kidnapping her," Jill replied with a small nod. "When this war is over, we could find ports in the Caliphate open to us."

To that, Astrid snorted, "I imagine they'd be sore about us selling their stuff back to them."

"It expands our importance as a trading hub on the Mediterranean. I've checked the prices against Constantinople's markets -- the spices, silks, and more sell quite highly. More so now, with the war." Jill said, offering a ghost of a smile. "But it would be best to avoid overwhelming her. And the tiger. Mostly the tiger," Jill amended. I found the argument agreeable and the three of us retreated into a more private hall.

A servant went to fetch the princess, and I found myself quite curious about her. It was hardly my first time meeting royalty, but it was the first time under these circumstances. It didn't take long for me to hear the low creak of the floorboards before I saw the creature that made them. The tiger rounded the corner with Princess Jasmine's hand lightly resting between his two massive shoulder blades. Every time the tiger took a step, I saw flexing muscle underneath the orange striped hide while the cat-like pupil was trained on me.

Princess Jasmine wore a king's ransom in gold, silks, and gemstones with a thin light blue silk veil on her face. Her dark eyes flickered around nervously before also settling on me and she gripped down on the tiger reflexively, then the tiger growled at me for scaring the princess with my mere presence. However, the two weren't alone. They were joined by one other, and he was a familiar face.

"Please stop capturing me," Alim requested in a soft, almost gentle voice. My eyebrows climbed high, not at the request but because of the language he spoke it in.

Alim just spoke flawless Norse.

"Would it help if I said it wasn't on purpose?" I offered, crossing my arms, my thumb lightly brushing against the gold armband near my elbow.

Alim seemed to think about it for a moment before shaking his head. He had cleaned up a good bit since I last saw him, before I used him to help Zafir escape so I could lure the Abbasid fleet into a trap. His hair was cut, he was cleaner, his close finer… I felt compelled to ask, "You've learned Norse?"

To that, Alim nodded. "I figured it out. I got the missing pieces after Thorkell captured us." That was… a little off? I wasn't one to throw stones -- I also had the ability to learn languages unnaturally fast, but I also had a give from the gods that helped me do it. "Can I go back to Zafir? He'll be worried…" And there was that odd relationship that Morrigan told me about. Zafir was loyal to Alim.

It was an odd puzzle but not the one I sought to figure out at the moment. "I have no reason to keep you separated from your vassal," I said, just to test the waters. I got a much stronger reaction than I expected. Alim's face froze with the kind of panic that I only saw when I drew steel on someone. Then he wiped it away. I pretended to not notice, "You can be returned to him when we return the thralls to the Abbasids. For now, could you serve as a translator?"

Despite my thoughts, I was curious about Alim. That was a strong reaction to the word vassal. Was he perhaps nobility? Disgraced nobility, given his living conditions.

Alim seemed eager to distract me, so he quickly nodded. With that, I turned my attention to Princess Jasmine, who seemed vaguely alarmed by Alim's alarm. "My apologies for not greeting you before, Princess Jasmine," I said in Arabic, making her eyes widen while Alim translated my words into Norse to Jill and Astrid. "I am Siegfried Erikson, ruler of this city. This is my wife, Astrid and my betrothed Jill." I said, introducing them both.

The introductions, or perhaps it was the fact that I was being polite, seemed to put her at ease. Well, ease was probably the wrong word. She was less likely to sic her tiger upon me at least.

Her gaze, interestingly, lingered on Astrid. "I am Princess Jasmine, daughter of Caliph Al-Mhadi," she introduced herself tersely. Her gaze flickered to me. "Your reputation precedes you, Lord Wolf-Kissed. Might I ask a question of you?" She asked, and I noticed that her tone was one of polite friendliness.

I nodded, "If I have an answer, I'll give it-"

"Does my brother still live?" Princess Jasmine interrupted me, her tone more urgent.

"He does," I answered quickly and I saw tension ease out of her. "He and that bastard Hadi beat me to Antioch, where we came to terms. I suspect that he is already marching to join your father in Anatolia," I offered. I had no proof of it, but it seemed the likely course.

There was a spark of amusement entering her dark eyes now that her immediate fear was addressed, "Sheikh Hadi speaks of you much in the same way." I could see that she was also filing away what I said about his movements.

"Good," I grunted. I was still sore about my burnt ships.

It was then that Astrid spoke up, "The tiger. Can I know how she got one? He's a beautiful animal," She questioned, appearing tempted to approach, but knew better than to try. The tiger was on high alert, and even if he was mostly glowering at me, I expected that he would lash out if anyone came too close.

I let Alim translated the words into Arabic and found that he translated the words perfectly. As well as I could have. Princess Jasmine seemed to be lowering her guard. As much as one could from high alert to simply alert. "Rajah was originally part of a circus that came to celebrate my birthday. He managed to sneak out of his cage, and into the palace, and I found him playing in the gardens," she answered and beneath the veil, I saw her smiling at the memory.

Interestingly, I saw Rajah relax as well. He was like a well trained hound -- when his master was afraid or angry, he would growl and bark. When she was relaxed, he struck me as a rather large house cat. "I was convinced that he was a gift from my mother at first, but when my parents tried to separate us, I locked myself in my room and refused to come out for a full week. They relented after that, but they've laid a few traps for us to argue that he's too dangerous to keep as a pet. Rajah has never fallen for them, though. He's my friend. My greatest friend in the world."

I was struck by how lonely she sounded as she uttered the words. And she only seemed to realize that she uttered them outloud a second later, making her dusky skin darken further with a flush.

"Could I pet him? His fur looks so soft," Astrid said, and Princess Jasmine blinked in surprise while I tensed.

"You may? He won't attack anyone. Unless I command it," she said, casting a less than subtle glance at me. Astrid got up and Jasmine looked down at her swelling belly, rubbing calming circles into Rajah's back. I kept myself still, trying to not alarm the tiger.

I imagine that Princess Jasmine would be far less forthcoming if I killed her tiger. But I would. If it so much as bared a tooth at my wife and child, I'd kill it without remorse or mercy. Astrid seemed to sense my unease and offered a playful wink at me, approaching the tiger without fear. She crouched down to eye level with the tiger, offering a hand for him to sniff. Rajah seemed almost human when he glanced up at Princess Jasmine for guidance. The princess smiled and nodded, and Astrid reached out to pet the tiger-

She gasped and I nearly flung myself across the room to tackle the animal and break its neck. "His fur is so soft! Jill! You have to pet him," Astrid urged, taking an inch and running a mile with Rajah's permission to pet him. She used both hands, giving the tiger chin scratches while Jill hesitantly got up to join.

And I watched with a faint sense of amusement that the fearsome tiger adopted the appearance of a large house cat, soaking up the attention with a royal expectation.

It was as good of a first impression as I could expect.

…

The festivities continued for days. Jill and Astrid pulled Princess Jasmine into their group, but I was firmly kept out of it. The Princess felt uneasy around me, which led to Rajah feeling uneasy. I kept a few guards around them just in case, but after a week, my opinion of Princess Jasmine was that she was quite soft-hearted. I didn't think she had it in her to order Rajah to attack anyone.

It was a week later that I found myself dressing in my wedding clothes -- a second pair. The first had been woven by my mother and sisters. The second pair was made by tailors. Silks and fine cloths that were embroidered around my sleeves, neck, and hem. My hair was braided, my beard trimmed in the style that Jill had suggested with my neck shaven. I was clean and wore the scent of an expensive perfume from Constantinople.

It was as I was dressing myself that some anticipated news was delivered to me. "The Romans and the Abbasids clashed in Anatolia. I've heard rumors that the Romans both won and lost, telling me that it was either a poor victory or a close defeat." Thorkell informed me, looking right as rain after healing from his injuries. "What I do know for certain is that Prince Harun, and Hadi, played a part in the battle."

I inspected my reflection in a piece of polished copper before adjusting my tunic. "Do we know how?" I asked, finding myself unsurprised with the news.

"Word is that the battle had been fought for a good three days. The Romans were getting the better of the Abbasids before Prince Harun showed up with ten to twenty thousand men. From there, he either attacked the Roman flank and drove them off or the Romans drove off the Abbasids at a bloody cost." Thorkell answered and I mulled that over. We would need to wait until more news reached us, but given what I knew about Prince Harun and Hadi, I was more inclined to believe that the Romans had been defeated.

"Another thing I heard -- the Abbasid Prince Hadi- not the bastard Hadi," Thorkell corrected when I sharply glanced at him. "The crown prince and Harun's older brother. He was killed in the fighting, making Harun the crowned prince." That was…

Annoying.

If things played out a little differently then I could have had the Abbasid crown prince as my prisoner. And I knew exactly who to blame for the fact that I didn't.

That bastard.

"... it would be best to hold that news until after the wedding," I decided, thinking of Jasmine. Jill told me that she was quite close with Harun and her mother, Al-Khayzuran, but she said nothing of Prince Hadi. But, he was still kin to her and it would be best to not taint the wedding with news of death.

"What happens now?" Thorkell questioned and I took a moment to think about it. If the Romans had been defeated, but not so totally that they could not regroup… we had royal hostages. I had killed twenty thousand soldiers. I had sacked a number of their coastal cities and stole a number of ships, leading them to believe a sea invasion was coming. If it had been a decisive defeat for the Romans, I could see the Abbasids feeling comfortable with continuing the invasion, but a close defeat?

"I suspect we'll see peace talks soon," I ventured with a small shrug. Likewise, the Romans, had they won the battle, would be willing to continue to counter invade the Abbasids. However, with a stinging defeat, they would understand how dangerous their position was and they would seek peace while they were still ahead. I might be expected to join the peace talks, but I didn't anticipate that I would receive such an invitation.

"And us?" Thorkell prompted and I turned around to face him, an easy smile on my face.

"For now? I get married again," I answered, earning a chuckle before Thorkell clapped me on the shoulder before ushering me forward. Leaving my room in the longhouse, I made my trek to where the wedding would be taking place and I chose where I would be placing the runestone.

The groundwork for it was already being laid out -- the gardens were planted, the layout planned, but most notably of all was the large slab of marble that I had brought over from Constantinople. It stood twice my height, and that was with a good portion of it buried in the dirt to make sure it didn't tip over in case of a storm. The carvings had yet to begin, but they would soon.

It was before the marble slab that I waited as the guests gathered up. The commanders of my army. Merchants of note that heard about the affair. I couldn't quite tell if it was a snub by Michalis when sent word that he could not attend, but I cared little. And, to my pleasure, Alexios, my teacher, had chosen to attend and he seemed quite excited for it.

Music played as Jill approached. She had no family to give her away, nor did I, so it wasn't quite a traditional wedding. She looked radiant, however -- she wore a white dress that was tailored for her, and a crown of flowers tucked into her dark brown hair. In her hands was an axe. One of fine make with a large bearded edge while on the other side, there was a pointed wedge. Beside her, Astrid walked with Jill in place of her family. A statement that Astrid welcomed Jill as my second wife.

Jill's gaze met mine as she approached, a slight smile on her face growing a fraction. She practically seemed to glow with a radiant joy. I found myself smiling back as she came to a stop across from me and I gently reached out, cupping her hands in mine.

"You're beautiful," I told her in a low whisper.

Her gaze softened and I was barely aware of the goði speaking, starting the wedding. "It's been a long time coming, hm?" Jill noted quietly, her hand in mine.

To that, I could only chuckle.

We said the words, becoming husband and wife… but the truth of the matter was that we had been together since that day in Denmark. The words just made it official.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 863 others
Ideas-Guy
May 15, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Desire for Creation
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,589
It took another two weeks for us to hear the truth of the battle between the Romans and the Abbasids. The battle had been a series of clashes -- the Romans attacked the Abbasids outside of a castle, breaking their siege, before defeating them in the field. After that, the Abbasids began to retreat, only to find themselves pursued by the Romans, where they clashed in the field once more. It was in that battle that Prince Hadi was killed, and I also heard that the Caliph Al-Mhadi had been wounded as well.

It was shaping up to be a decisive defeat for the Abbasids when Prince Harun and Hadi arrived. They smashed into the Roman's flank, and rolled over the entire army, causing a full rout. The Romans retreated back to a fortified position. Since then, they had been eying one another while word spread on both sides of my victories and hostages.

Princess Jasmine grieved privately when she heard of the death of her brother. She had settled in with Astrid and Jill, my wives, but not so much to the point that she felt comfortable showing weakness.

In the two weeks since my second marriage, I was a little surprised at how little had truly changed. There were some differences, of course -- like Astrid being convinced that Jill was already with child, but for the most part our relationships still felt the same. Just a little… more.

"Morrigan is still gone," Jill informed from her side of the bed while I busied myself with getting dressed. "She said it would be a couple of days. I'm starting to get worried," she admitted as I threw a tunic over my head before grabbing my belt.

I was too. "She really didn't say anything to anyone?" I asked, trusting Morrigan to take care of herself, but I was worried about her absence all the same. I had yet to receive a quest from the gods saying that she needed to be rescued however, so between my trust and the lack of notice, I was mostly sure that she was okay. Mostly.

"She simply boarded a merchant ship heading to Constantinople," Jill sighed. "She didn't say anything to anyone," she continued, pushing the covers back and I drank her visage in for but a moment. Jill had become rather fond of a white silk shift, and I was rather fond of it too. "Should we start to search for her? Chares wasn't the only enemy that we have."

The words did squeeze my heart with a pang of worry, but I shook my head. "If there is anyone that I trust to survive, it's Morrigan. I'm not sure what game she's playing, but if she wanted us to know what she intended then she would have told us." I could guess what she planned, but I wasn't certain. The greatest weakness of her boon was that she needed to see two people in a room to see the connection between them. Though, I couldn't guess who she was trying to see the connection between.

Crossing the distance between us, I pressed my lips to Jill's, who smiled into the kiss. "Rest. I can see everyone off," I said, breaking the kiss and Jill needed little convincing.

Though, a scowl did flicker across her face, "Hoffer will be pleased." And, to that, I managed a small wince.

Hoffer had always been displeased with Jill's influence, but he had mostly kept it to himself beyond the occasional sour look. However, since Jill and I had gotten married, his displeasure was starting to spill out. Before, I suppose he was comfortable with the knowledge that Jill was merely a consort, but now that she was my second wife…

I had heard tales of fighting amongst families, even if I never saw it first hand. In my family, there wasn't a difference between me and my brothers, regardless of which mother gave birth to us. And while no one had said it in so many words, I was starting to get the impression that wasn't the case for Hoffer and Astrid's family. It hadn't gotten to the point it needed intervention, but if nothing was done before that point, it would become a problem.

"That's why he's going with Gerald," I replied, kissing her temple as she settled back into bed. She nodded, appearing vaguely pleased and guilty. The reason for the guilt was easy to identify -- Hoffer was Astrid's brother, after all.

With some reluctance, I pulled away from Jill and went out to start the day. The longhouse had recovered from a lengthy celebration, as had the people of Norland. I had underestimated how large of an event that my wedding would be, so the feast continued on for another five days. Towards the end, I was fairly sure that the people had forgotten what they were celebrating.

It took more than a few days for people to rejoin the living after drinking so much. And, a week later, things were back to normal. Even if I'm certain that we had drained every last drop of ale, mead, and wine in the entire settlement.

And now it was time to see Gerald off. Which had taken a week because of a series of duels that had taken place for the honor of returning to Denmark with my message. Part of why I was sending them out so early in the morning, with the sun just barely peeking over the horizon, was that I hoped to avoid any more duels slowing their departure. And while I seemed to have managed that much, there was still a crowd gathering to see off the five ships that I was sending back to Denmark, each manned by thirty men.

The crowd parted for me as I approached, allowing me to walk down the docks where I saw Hoffer and Astrid embracing. There was a proud smile on Hoffer's face, and I caught his lips moving. I wasn't close enough to hear him, but I made an educated guess that he was trying to convince her to convince me that our child should be named Hoffer. As was their family tradition.

It was Gerald that approached me, "Lord Wolf-Kissed." He dressed in his finest clothes, and his ships were heavy with wealth. "Gods willing, we'll return before winter sets in."

I smiled at him, his worship still unnerving, but I was finding that I appreciated his unwavering loyalty. "There is no rush. I'd rather you avoid trying to cross the Dnipro through winter," I said, nodding to him as we clasped arms. I was expecting it to be about a year before I saw him again.

The ships would be the biggest hold up. Fifty longships wasn't a minor thing to build. Most likely, I would see Gerald return with half of the ships that I asked for and later, I could send someone up to collect the rest. What was more important was the recruits. At the very least, I nodded to replenish my losses -- so a thousand men. But, ideally, my company could grow.

After all, the more men that came to me, the fewer that Horrik could call upon. So, I held out hope that I would see around three thousand fresh warriors, bringing my company to seven thousand and five hundred. That was an army in itself.

I was a little worried at how easily Gerald agreed. It was as if he was convinced that nothing ill could befall him because he had divine protection. So, I insisted. "Be careful. You're sailing into a den of snakes," I said, my gaze flickering over his shoulder, looking at the man that True Sight marked in red. Everyone else in the crew had to fight for the privilege of sailing back to Denmark and Norway.

Not him.

Him, I sent back intentionally.

Gerald still seemed unreasonably confident, but he nodded all the same. "We'll be careful. By the time the king of snakes realizes we're there, we'll have stolen an army from him," he swore. Overconfident or not, that was essentially what I wanted him to do, so I nodded. Gerald stepped back, letting Hoffer approach and he clasped arms with me and clapped me on the shoulder.

"Take care, Wolf-Kissed. And since I won't be here to greet him, give my nephew my love," he requested and I nodded.

"You have my word," I returned. I couldn't tell how he was taking the news of his departure. He hadn't complained, but he didn't see it as the same honor as Gerald did. It was then that I passed him a number of letters that I had written. "Give these to my family with my love. We shall remain in this land for some more years, but they never stray far from my thoughts."

Hoffer accepted the letters and nodded. With that, the farewells were over and everyone loaded up onto the ships. The letters contained nothing of true importance, merely telling my mother and siblings of our adventures and what I had seen. By the time the letter reached them, I would be a father. And likely an uncle given my mother's plans for marriages.

Astrid pressed herself into my side, watching as the ships pushed off the dock before sailing towards the harbor mouth. "You warned them both from doing anything stupid, right? That's a lot of wealth, even with how many men are guarding it."

"I did. They'll be fine. I included a letter for Jarl Radulfr, so he shouldn't be any trouble," I said, pulling her close. He sat at the mouth of the river to the Baltic Sea, and he struck me as a greedy opportunist. But, with the letter carrying a promise of wealth, I didn't expect any trouble from him. "Horrik will be the one they need to worry about."

To that, Astrid squeezed my hand. "Let's go pray at the grove," she decided and I nodded. My words were less of a reassurance than I hoped. It was a harsh truth, though. Horrik was firmly out of reach for me, every bit as much as I was for him. These brief interactions were the only window of opportunity we would have to hurt one another for some time yet -- me trying to steal an army from underneath him, and him attacking my men, stealing my wealth, and preventing my ships from arriving.

And I very much expected him to slip some of his men into the army that came down. Perhaps I could convince them to betray him. Maybe I would just kill them. Either way, he would have fewer men by the time I was done.

As the ships started their long trek back, we made our way through the town that was just starting to wake up. There were fewer people as the thralls had already been shipped back to the Abbasids -- some wishing to return to their homeland, with others promising that they would return with their kin as soon as they were able.

Releasing the thralls had an unintended side effect of making the craftsmen take their teachings seriously. Before, I suspected, they believed that freedom was a vague promise on the horizon. Now they saw the worth of my word and they were convinced. Some worked to return home, while others worked to entrench themselves in these lands without any competition. As a result, some of the craftsmen were already waking up, and I heard the ringing of steel.

Making our way up to the grove where Jill and I were married weeks earlier, I saw that the development of it was already further along. The gardens of flowers were starting to bud, the packed dirt was being smoothed over with grass, with decorations starting to fill the empty space. It was there that we saw the large slab of marble still stood proudly in the heart of the grove.

And it was there that we saw an old man marking the slab with colored paste. Marking where he would chip away and engrave the deeds of the battle that was being called Raven's Feast. He circled the slab of marble, occasionally marking it with blue paste, and it was upon circling it that he took notice of us. "My lord and lady," He quickly said, bowing his head as we approached. "I was simply preparing the runestone. I can come back another time-"

"No, there's no need," Astrid quickly interjected. "We were going to pray for my brother's safe passage and offer a sacrifice. We won't interrupt your work," she offered and the old man seemed vaguely relieved.

"Ah, I shall offer my own prayers, Princess Astrid. And my thanks for sparing my old bones a long walk," he offered as I stepped forward, inspecting the slab. "It shall be my finest work, old bones or not."

I glanced at him, "You've erected runestones before?" I asked and he eagerly nodded.

"It is my profession! I learned the craft when I was a small boy from my father, and I've spent the sixty years since mastering it," he informed with obvious pride. And, given his age, he must have been one of the camp followers that Gerald brought with him. "Often enough, I carve smaller works. Name stones for warriors hoping to earn a saga."

Namestones. I had seen some of them floating around my army, but I never had one commissioned myself. The stones were what the name implied -- a piece of stone with a warrior's name written on it. When they accomplished a deed of note, such as winning a duel or slaying a dangerous animal, they would add an inscription of the deed to the stone, and pass them out. It was the hope that they would accomplish enough deeds to earn a saga. They advertised themselves and their deeds.

"I've carved fewer runestones, but half of the ones still standing in Denmark were carved by me," he continued with more obvious pride.

Astrid was curious, asking a question that I also had. "Yet, you left?"

"Aye. You've already been mentioned in one," He informed me. "A boy who stood in the face of archers, his arms held out wide, knowing that he had the gods' protection. Not a single arrow touched you then, and you led the charge against the Franks." The Runecarver reminded me, and I recalled the battle he spoke of.

It felt like a lifetime ago, I thought. Instead it was… three years now?

Astrid gave me a mildly amused look before the Runecarver continued, "I knew then that if I followed you, I'd have worthy deeds to carve. And I was right! The very first I shall carve is a victory that will be remembered for thousands of years!" The way he spoke, you'd think the victory of carving my deed was equal to the deed itself.

I looked back at the marble slab and What Lies Within showed me what the runestone could be. A four sided pillar, each with the victory written in a different language. I saw it could be a statue of Odin. Of Thor. Tyr. Of any of the Aesir.

"Thousands of years?" I echoed, reaching out and placing a hand on the slab, feeling its smooth surface under my palm. Before I came to Rome, I didn't understand the length of that much time. To me, the days of old could be anything between eighty years to a century to a millennia ago. There was no true difference. But, now I knew better.

A thousand years ago, Alexander the Great reshaped the world and even a thousand years later, the world still felt the echoes of his steps. A thousand years ago, Julias Caesar carved away the rot of an ancient republic to pave the way for the mighty empire the Romans would become.

I had seen buildings and statues with my own eyes that had been built in the eras of those men. A thousand years was an incredibly long amount of time. Generations upon generations upon generations.

"Do you remember the Parthenon in Greece?" I asked Astrid and she cocked an eyebrow at my tone.

"It'd be hard to forget," she replied, curious where I was going with this.

"It was built in the year four hundred and forty-seven before the Christian God died. Making it over a thousand and two hundred years old by their calendar," I said and I saw her still at the information. "The Romans do not care for us and our legacy. Or even their own history. They would see the Parthenon reduced to rubble because its beauty offends their god. And they will likely destroy this runestone as soon as we set sail for home."

I was jealous. I had started to become accustomed to the feeling when I thought of the Roman cities. Their statues. Their wealth and knowledge. Because I looked upon what the runestone could be, and I doubted that it could endure the test of time.

However, the Runecarver chuckled, "I suspect they will. As much as I would like to say that all of my works are still standing… most of them aren't," he admitted. "A warrior or jarl is defeated, and the victor sees his runestone smashed to rubble. More of my work has been destroyed than remains, I fear." He sighed, sounding sad but resigned. "But I still work. I still carve. Because, I know, at least one of my works shall endure. That when I am long dead and forgotten… my work, and the story on it, shall remain."

As he spoke, he held out a hammer and a chisel. I looked down at them, knowing what the offer was, and I pondered it for a moment before accepting. The tools both had some weight to them as I lined up the chisel and raised the hammer.

With a single decisive blow, I carved a chunk of the marble off. Taking a step back, I looked at it, feeling a little… foolish. Honestly, I just marred the uniform surface of the slab, but it was no different than woodcarving.

"Art," I decided, and I could tell neither of the two had any idea what I was talking about.

I had two more classes whose spots I wanted to fill. I would take art classes from the university. With my hands, which knew so much death and destruction, I would learn to create. And, maybe… just maybe…

One of my creations would endure the test of time.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 823 others
Ideas-Guy
May 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Recognition
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 5, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,616
"A truce?" I echoed upon hearing the news, two weeks after Gerald had set sail for Denmark and Norway. A full month since we raided up and down the coast. I scratched at my bearded chin, my gaze flickering over to Astrid and Jill, while Michalis sat across from me. Like each time I saw him, he was dressed richer than before -- he had started wearing thick golden rings around each finger, his clothing was adorned with gold and silver.

I was likely very close to completing his quest. All except for destroying everyone who had stolen his families lands from him. Mostly on account of the fact that I haven't taken any action against Strategos Michael. It would be nice to get a Diplomacy perk.

Michalis nodded, "The truce was called for after the battle, but it took weeks to come to terms both sides would agree to. Those terms are a withdrawal for the Abbasids, and forbidding any military action against each other for the duration of a year."

Out of the corner of my expanded vision, I saw Jasmine listening in, hidden away behind a pillar while Alim translated our words in a whisper into her ear. I glanced down at my cup of mead -- something that had become exceptionally valuable now that we drank most of it and lacked the means to make more. "So, they'll each take a breath and prepare for another bout?" I ventured, mulling over the news. I would have preferred a more decisive treaty that, hopefully, would have covered the length of my stay.

"Essentially, yes. I've heard that Caliph Al-Mhadi has taken a grievous wound that may see the young Prince Harun on the throne sooner rather than later," Michalis informed and I heard a soft gasp from Princess Jasmine as she heard the news. "I suspect that they want to secure the succession and upon his ascension to the throne, resume the campaign against us."

Annoying.

I could have had the Caliph as a hostage.

I brushed aside my annoyance with what was becoming practiced ease. "And the noble hostages?" I questioned, wondering why exactly I haven't received instructions. To that, Michalis winced ever so slightly.

"The lesser nobles that you have collected are to be released back to the Abbasids. Without ransom in a prisoner exchange," He answered and I did nothing more than hum. That was insulting. They were my captives and I cared very little for the fool Romans that got themselves captured. I also suppose that explained why Michalis was the one delivering the news. "However, the Abbasids didn't manage to capture any noble of equal standing to Princess Jasmine. To that end… she will stay in Norland. With you."

I swallowed a sigh, understanding the news for what it was. "They use me to insult the Abbasids," I said, unsurprised but still quite annoyed.

"I believe so, yes. I know your nature, Lord Siegfried, but to others… your reputation is…" he trailed off, reluctant to even repeat what he had heard. I waved him off, already knowing that much.

I was powerful but not well liked by the Romans. Which suited me fine. I didn't much like the Romans either. "Do they intend to use me to provoke the Abbasids to war?" I questioned, knowing that Prince Harun, soon to be Caliph Harun, was close to his sister.

The game they played was a simple one to figure out. I was a barbarian to these people -- not just to the Romans, but to the Abbasids as well. With their Princess in my custody, their imaginations would get the better of them, and they would seek to free her from my wicked grasp. An attack, an assassination, or an attempt to free Princess Jasmine at all would be a violation of the truce. The Romans would shake their swords, either using it as a pretense to resume the war before the Abbasids were truly ready or to get greater concessions from them.

Because, from the sound of it, the truce favored the Romans.

To that, Michalis offered a less than helpful shrug. "That, I do not know for certain. But you will have the opportunity to find out -- your deeds have been noticed and acclaimed. I come here with an invitation to celebrate Rome's victories over our enemies." I fought off a frown when I heard that.

I could see Irene's plan. She wished to elevate me over the generals to prevent them from rising any higher. Which would paint a rather large target on my back, making most of the Roman military feel slighted by having a Pagan barbarian honored over them. Well, I doubt that I could make them hate me any more than they already did.

Perhaps I should make it clear to the Emperor Mother that if Romans attack me, I will consider it a breach in contract. I'm sure the Abbadids would be all too happy to unleash me on Rome now that they knew the bite of my fangs.

"You are to be given accommodations and a gift -- You shall be acknowledged as nobility, and Crete will be recognized as your fief for a period of five years." Michalis said, and that did catch my interest. The latter part more than the former. The Romans acknowledging me as nobility would open some doors, but most would still remain closed. Crete being recognized as my fief did expand my options however.

Up until this point, my legal authority ended at the walls of Norland. However, with this, I could settle villages. I could set and collect taxes. I could levy soldiers from the population, as small as it was.

It would be unbinding my hands.

I glanced over at Jill, who met my gaze with a small nod. She approved. Astrid was currently dozing off, her hands on her rounding stomach, so she missed my glance entirely.

"Very well. I will accept this invitation and honors," I said, and with it, I realized I would need to create heraldry for myself. And my house.

It wasn't the art project that I imagined, but I had some ideas.

…

It was decided that I would sail to Constantinople alone, save a few guards. Astrid wasn't well enough to travel, and while she bore her pregnancy well, she had been increasingly snappish. Putting her in with a bunch of Romans was a recipe for disaster. Because Astrid was staying, Jill was staying. She seemed sorry to miss it, but Astrid was more important.

So, I sailed back to Constantinople once more to find it celebrating. Only unlike before, upon my arrival, I was escorted up to the imperial palace where I was given a room and an itinerary, as the servant called it. The next day, I would be paraded through the streets alongside the Strategos that had earned themselves some glory. Tatzates and Michael. After we were paraded through the city, we would arrive at the imperial palace once more where we would receive our honors from the 'Emperor.'

It sounded like a bunch of needless pomp and pageantry, so I wasn't particularly excited as I settled into my quarters -- a lavishly decorated room with engraved furniture, feathered bed with silk sheets, a trunk marked with gold and silver, and a large disk of polished bronze. I set my sword and axe near the bed before throwing myself upon it.

I hadn't been summoned by Irene. I couldn't tell if that was a good thing or not. I should still have her favor. More so now that I had proven myself despite the odds stacked against me. Though, the fact that the Roman generals failed to secure a decisive victory could be held against me. It was a rather irritating thought.

If it was a good thing, then I expected that Irene would meet with me privately for whatever she wanted me to do next. With a tenuous peace with the Abbadids, the Romans had other enemies to set me upon.

The Bulgars were likely. To my knowledge, there wasn't an open war between the nations but there were frequent raids on both sides. Hopefully, I would see some fighting there. It would be a good place to blood my fresh recruits when they arrive-

I heard a shuffling near the window that I was careful not to react to. My mind must have wandered for some time because I noticed that it was dark outside. Someone was sneaking into my room in the middle of the night. Everything was dark, and my eyes had yet to adjust to it, so I slipped into True Sight to see-

"Morrigan?!" I half yelped, seeing her figure wreathed in gold. My reaction surprised her enough that she almost fell out of the window that she had been climbing through. It was her. She seemed haggard and tired, but it was her.

"Do not startle me so, fool! I thought you were sleeping," Morrigan grumbled, slipping inside. And if there was any doubt that it was her, it was gone then.

"You were the one sneaking into my quarters," I pointed out, getting out of the bed. If Morrigan felt like I had a point on who was startling who, she didn't show it. I let out a breath, a weight on my shoulders lifting. "Where have you been, Morrigan? It's been a month since you vanished into thin air!" I whispered fiercely, not wanting to announce her presence to the palace but still rather cross with her.

To my surprise, she did wince ever so slightly as she crossed the threshold, taking a seat on the bed. Her attention went to the axe leaning against it. "You and Jill were married? I suppose you didn't miss me desperately enough to wait." There was an odd note in her voice. A strangled emotion that I couldn't decipher.

I swallowed a retort, "It happened during the celebration of our victories. Which you would have know had you not vanished into thin air," I stressed and I did see a flickering of guilt pass over Morrigan's face at that. "We have been worried sick. Where have you been? Your note said it would be a couple of days."

Morrigan's golden eyes flashed, ready to get defensive, but she instead sighed. "I only intended for it to be a few days. But, what I discovered… I decided that it deserved more of an investigation." She began, sounding as sorry as I had ever heard. She would never say the words, I knew, so this was as much as I could expect. "I traveled to the battlefield in Anatolia. Where the truce was made." Now there was a tired smirk in her voice.

My browser furrowed, "What did you see?"

Now Morrigan openly smirked, "I saw a most intriguing connection between Caliph Al-Mhadi and Tatzates. They conspire together. Or, at least they did. Enough for Caliph Al-Mhadi to feel betrayed by Tatzates." She explained and I went still.

I knew Tatzates was playing both sides. I had no proof that he was behind how easily Anatolia had been ravaged to disgrace his rival Michael, but I strongly suspected it. However, if Tatzates was working directly with the Caliph… that was a very different betrayal.

"Do you have proof?" I asked, taking a seat next to her on the bed, my mind racing.

"Not in so many words, no," Morrigan admitted, and that was regrettable. "I have uncovered a string of the conspiracy. Of which, a familiar face took part. Zafir. He was one of the points of contact between Tatzates and the Caliph." She informed and, without proof, it would be difficult to get Irene to believe the conspiracy-

But do I need her to believe it?

An intrigued expression appeared upon Morrigan's face, "You have a plan."

"I have a gamble," I said, reaching out and patting her hand with mine. "A good one. Thank you for this, Morrigan… but do not do this again." I chastised her, my grip tightening ever so slightly. "I trusted that you would come back, but when days turned into weeks…"

Morrigan looked away, "T'was important information that I gathered. I thought it necessary," she replied.

"It is. It was," I agreed. The information was very valuable. I just… "There is no one I trust more to survive on their own, but that doesn't mean I'm not going to worry." I admitted, and I felt a pull in my gut.

I wasn't entirely certain what it was at first until I felt the Prestige leaving me and flowing into Morrigan. I hadn't intended to bestow a Blessing, but it flowed all the same. A great deal more than what it took to bestow the first blessing -- twice as much, more or less. Morrigan closed her eyes, her breathing hitching as she seemed to feel the blessing taking shape.

Skinchanger:
With bonded animals, the user can slip into their bodies -- controlling them as if they were the user's body. The greater the bond, the easier it is to skinchange into the animal. The greater the skill the user has, the more animals they can control at once.

Morrigan's eyes fluttered open, her golden meeting my blue for a long moment, neither of us saying a word.

Then, with a lunge, Morrigan threw herself at me, kissing me with enough force that I tasted blood.

After that, the room was everything but silent.

…

The next morning came far too swiftly for my liking. Morrigan slumbered in the silk sheets, all the exhaustion of a month of travel hitting her at once. Myself -- my back was covered in scratches, and was fairly certain that at some point during the night Morrigan bit my neck, because it was tender and sore. All the same, I dressed myself and prepared for a long day ahead.

Morrigan was still sleeping when I left for the Triumph, armed with the information that she had given me. I left a few guards with her, just in case, before I found myself being ushered onto a chariot pulled by a dozen horses.

I was at the very front of the Triumph, and I could tell people were not happy about it. Most of all, the ones that were forced to ride behind me. The people of Constantinople, I found, were simply happy to have cause to celebrate.

They were told that Rome had won a great victory and they chose to believe it. So, the Triumph began at the gates of Constantinople, people lining the streets and cheering -- mostly for their own leaders, I knew, but they cheered all the same.

It was difficult for me to enjoy, I found as we were led through the streets in a long winding path to the palace. I constantly expected an arrow from the rooftops, or something, the entire time. Especially considering that I could physically feel the combined glares of Michael and Tatzates on my back as they rode directly behind me. So, for that reason, I felt some measure of relief when I caught sight of the palace -- a thirty minute walk taking several hours just to arrive in sight.

Even if the most dangerous part of the evening was rapidly approaching.

Before the palace, there was a veritable army of servants with a crowd of people to see us at the very end of the Triumph. I got off the chariot and my gaze turned to Tatzates. He had gotten fatter since the last time I saw him. He hid it behind yards of silk, all tailored to fit him, covered in jewels and gold. He kept his expression carefully blank, almost indifferent but True Sight revealed the truth.

He was dyed a vibrant and angry red.

So, I felt nothing resembling remorse when I slowed to speak to him, the army of servants ushering us forward. The cheering and the music would drown out our words, I was certain. I could see some suspicion in his gaze even as he plastered on a friendly smile while Michael deliberately gave us both a wide berth.

"I know," I told Tatzates in a low voice, speaking slowly and deliberately so he could not misunderstand my words.

I could almost see his kind jumping to a conclusion, and I nodded, as if to confirm his suspicion. "As I understand it, he feels quite betrayed by you," I said, keeping my words vague.

However, I spoke in Arabic so he couldn't possibly misunderstand.

He held his expression together, but I could see the panic starting to seep in as we made our way to the palace gates. He was thinking like a rat in a corner, trying to figure out a way out as much as he was trying to figure out how he was discovered.

Tatzates picked his lips, a nervous tell. "I don't know what you mean."

"You do," I replied and I could tell my confidence shook him. "You know exactly what I mean. Zafir didn't have much to say about you, but Alim -- the child that was always with him? He had a great deal to say." I lied and I knew I had him. He kept it off of his face but I saw defeat in his body language and his eyes. All because of a small lie.

I had no proof of my accusations, but I didn't need any. The fact that I was confronting him made him believe that I had proof and that I knew about his betrayal. While I didn't think Tatzates was a particularly honorable creature, treason against the crown would be a heavy burden. A source of constant concern. An ever present risk of discovery that could lead to his destruction. Even now, I could all but see Tatzates planning to murder me to keep the secret a secret.

Yet, if push came to shove, I didn't have any proof to convince Irene of his treason. So, I would convince him that I wouldn't.

"I don't care," I told him after a long tense moment. Doubt flickered over his face, so I continued. "I don't care about this empire. You can marry the Empress like you intend," he stiffened and I swallowed a smile. "Or you can betray the Romans to the Abbasids. I don't care. I will spend a few years in this nation then return home. Its fate after I leave is well beyond my concern."

The words were true, to a degree. I would certainly prefer it if things didn't descend into utter chaos. Especially while I was here to deal with the conflict. But, in the end, these were not my people. I didn't like them. They didn't like me. It would be a shame to see such an ancient empire collapse under its own stupidity, but I would take it as a lesson learnt -- no matter how brilliant the start of a nation had, with enough fools and ambitious men in charge, any nation could be felled.

Tatzates relaxed ever so slightly, "This would be quite the secret to be kept between friends. However can I express my gratitude?" He spoke flowery words, but his tone was wooden.

"Greek Fire. I desire the knowledge on how to make it," I replied, knowing our time was short as we neared the double doors.

"That… is a high price, my friend. It was difficult merely obtaining the substance. Learning how it is produced…"

"You have until I leave for my homeland," I told him, knowing that it was a tall order. The sooner he got it to me, the better, but it would be a great risk to produce it on Crete. I saw the substance in action and the Roman's guard for the secret was well deserved.

With that done, we finished just in time for the double doors to swing open and let us into the palace itself. The decorations were once again out in full force, but I found them interesting for very different reasons this time. The awe they inspired wasn't just because of how expensive they were, but for their craftsmanship. I had taken to wood carving and sculpting in my spare time, but I could admire the skill of which the vases, painting, tapestries, and more were made with.

It was a reminder that while I was a near peerless warrior, in terms of creation, I was less than a novice.

It was a strangely pleasing thought, I decided as I once more made my way to the throne room. The last time I had been here on an official occasion, the circumstances were very different. The doors swung open for me, and nobles lined the walls, standing or sitting at tables to welcome us. The nobles, I saw, were a uniform red. My being honored had tipped the scales for many of them, and I knew if they cheered or clapped, it was not for me.

However, I saw something of interest as I strode down the long hallway to the throne.

The Emperor was nowhere to be seen. Irene sat on the throne, wearing a regal dress and crown with scepter in hand.

She wasn't even pretending that her son was in charge, I realized, as she raised a hand. I came to a stop and the throne room became silent. She let it soak in for a long moment before speaking, "War has been made upon us by the Abbasids. First, they raided and raped through our heartland, hiding behind lies and excuses. Then, in their arrogance, they sought to conquer us! Rome! The empire of the world!"

The words weren't for me, I could tell. I didn't feel any surge of fondness for the country, but I did see Romans standing a bit taller.

"They had forgotten what we are! We are the conquerors of the world! We are the cradle of civilization! We are mighty!" She continued, her voice echoing out the hall and her words were punctuated with cheers of agreement. "We cast off these invaders and we paid back our injuries with blood! A dozen Abbasid settlements sacked. Their Caliph wounded, their heir dead, and a princess in our hands. Their armies sent retreating to their homes while thousands of them lay dead in the valley of Ravenfeast!"

I'm not entirely certain if True Sight was lying to me, I thought, seeing Irene was marked blue. A faint blue, to be certain, but she was trying very hard to get me killed for an apparent ally. She praised my accomplishments openly while not mentioning the accomplishments of any other. A point she was trying to make, I knew -- that I was the one who brought them these victories.

"Siegfried Erikson, step forward," Irene said, and I did as bid. Her expression was a mask, I saw -- serene confidence but her eyes betrayed a dark amusement. I dropped to a knee, and I felt all eyes upon me. "You came to this land a stranger claiming to seek knowledge and wisdom, yet, it was you that served as Rome's greatest defender. With a mere five thousand men, you not only rebuffed an army five times the size of your own, but you slaughtered them in a single battle until you outnumbered their fleeing remnants."

An exaggeration, but it made for a better story, I suppose. At least the truth would be recorded on the runestone.

Despite their dislike of me, there was some cheering. Less for me and more for the dead Abbasids, I suspected. Irene held up a hand, silencing them. "For your great deeds, Rome would see you rewarded. I ask that you stand, Lord Siegfried, noble of Rome. The island of Crete shall be bequeathed to you for a period of five years with the lands, tenants, and taxes belonging to you." She announced and I had to swallow a laugh.

Crete was next to worthless to the Romans. Or, rather, it had been for a number of years. Its population was small. What the crown got from taxes was likely less than what was plundered by pirates. But, with the pirates gone, and with Norland becoming an important trade port, by the time I gave the island back… they were giving me stone and I would hand them back a statue.

That was the cue for two of my men to step forward. Turning to face the crowd of nobles, they unfurled a banner that was marked with the heraldry of my house. I saw flickers of distaste, annoyance, and quite a few that seemed vaguely interested as they saw my banner.

A two headed raven, each head looking a different direction to both the past and the future. Its black wings spread wide across a red background while one of its talons clutched an axe while the other clutched a sprig of mistletoe. The axe represented war. The mistletoe, while it had once killed Baldur, had since been made the symbol of peace and love by Freya. So no other may be slain by the seemingly harmless plant.

I expected no applause or cheering, but I didn't need any. This wasn't for them. This was for me.

This was undeniable proof that I had come a very long way since I was just a boy on a farm, ignorant of the world beyond its fields. I now stood thousands of miles from home, in one of the oldest and most powerful empires in the world, and I was recognized as nobility.

There was no reward from the gods for my deed, but I smiled as if I had received one anyway.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 862 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 5, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Understanding One's Value
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,653
Hadi vowed to himself that he would never underestimate just how stupid the average person was ever again. It was a vow he made only in the confines of his own mind as he was seated upon a palanquin, waving at the crowd that cheered and chanted, celebrating their return. Prince Harun took his place at the front of the procession, and to Hadi's horror, he was placed directly behind him along with Yahya.

The people of Baghdad weren't capable of nuance. Or rational thought. They also seemed to have rather short memories. They were greeted as conquering heroes simply because the people of Baghdad only seemed to have it in them to remember one thing at a time -- the promises of sweeping over Anatolia were forgotten. Their horrific losses on Crete? Similarly forgotten about.

The only thing they knew was that Prince Harun had defeated the Romans on the field of battle, rescuing his father and snatching victory from the jaws of defeat. Because victories washed away the stains of defeat. It didn't matter in their eyes how many battles you lost, so long as you won the last one.

It was an important thing to remember, Hadi decided. A person could be smart. People, though? People would always be dumb.

"How did I end up like this?" Hadi asked himself, waving at the crowd, as was expected of him. He was, somehow, one of the valiant leaders that had run off a Roman army. As if. The men had been half dead from a week of hard marching into Anatolia, and they didn't do much more than messily collide into the Roman's flank. If the Romans had called their bluff and not reacted so severely to their sudden presence, then the Romans would have won that battle.

But they hadn't. And here he was, riding to the palace in Baghdad alongside the prince. Madness. Madness of the highest order. But, it wasn't all bad, Hadi tried to convince himself as the domed roofs, colored gold came ever closer. He would receive an accommodation, and then he could retire. A nice cushy job where he sent poor bastards to fight battles for him while he stayed far behind the frontlines. Maybe never even leaving the city if he was lucky.

Though, in hindsight, relying on luck was a poor idea considering how astronomically unlucky he had been this far.

"Now that we have peace, we can discuss the hostage exchange, yes?" Zafir questioned behind Hadi. Hadi had to fight to keep the smile on his face as he continued to wave at the crowd -- the hostage exchange. To say that Prince Harun was less than pleased that his sister had been captured was… something of an understatement. He had been desperate to get her back, and that was something that the Romans had been able to smell on him.

Interestingly, Zafir was no less desperate to ransom Alim.

"It's possible," Hadi allowed. "The Pagan has released a number of people taken during the war. I had hoped that Alim would be among them." That was the truth and Hadi wanted to avoid paying a ransom that he couldn't afford when he might not need to. "But we can send a message asking to ransom him now." They couldn't back channel during the official peace talks. Alim went unmentioned as he wasn't a noble hostage and he also wasn't included in the peasants released.

Hadi wondered if that meant Siegfried was suspicious of Alim as well.

Zafir worked his jaw, "I… appreciate your aid in this, Sheikh Hadi. If anything ever happened to Khalid-" Zafir cut himself off and Hadi didn't react. He didn't move a muscle.

No. No. He didn't want to know. He didn't want to know why Alim was apparently a false identity. What he did know was this.

"Zafir, I swear, if Alim is some lost prince, I'm going to strangle you," Hadi said just under his breath, his smile affixed to his face even as he screamed internally. Then, louder, he said, "Alim was captured once before by the Pagan, and he reported no mistreatment. We'll send a message as soon as we are able," He said and out of the corner of his eye, Zafir relaxed. Either because they would be reunited or because he thought Hadi hadn't heard the slip.

He nodded his gratitude as they passed under the gate that led to the palace in the heart of the capital. It was an impressive building -- tall walls, large sweeping architecture, carefully maintained gardens with flowing pools of water. However, Hadi found the questions he was trying to ignore prickled at his attention.

Was Alim an Umayyad prince? The Abbasid dynasty only quite recently rose to prominence. It had barely been more than twenty years. The rebellion had been fast and sloppy, and some of the royal family had gotten away to flee towards Spain. Caliph Abd al-Rahman currently ruled the territory and he had for about a decade. So, it made little sense that Alim was an Umayyad prince. There would be no need for hiding.

No. He was almost certainly nobility. Disgraced nobility, perhaps? Khalid was a fairly common name, second only to Muhammad. Muhammad was the prophet while Khalid ibn al-Walid was his greatest general, the Sword of Allah.

No- wait, what was he doing? He didn't want to think about that. He did not want to think about Alim or Zafir and their strange relationship and what it might mean for him because they were… vassals? Hired help? Well, he hadn't exactly paid either of them so…

Thankfully, the festivities saved him. They were lowered off the palanquins and ushered into the palace by a veritable army of servants. The celebration was half because of their 'victory', but also to mark Prince Harun's ascension to the status of crowned prince. He was now the Heir to the Caliphate. And, given what he had seen, it would not be too long until he became Caliph.

Hadi found himself swept off to seating of importance. The halls of the palace were richly decorated, with carved stone gilded with gold and silver, precious jewels embedded in them or woven into the tapestries. And, it was in the throne room that Hadi met someone he never wanted to.

"Father," Yahya greeted a man wearing layers of silks and a feathered turban.

Jafar Barmakid. The Vizier of the Caliphate. The second most important man in the entire empire. He was a tall, thin man with a long face and a neatly trimmed beard. He was graying at the temples, which made him seem more distinguished than old. He was likely in his mid forties to early fifties. He had to be, given his role in the Abbasid's rise to power.

Vizier Jafar smiled lightly at Yahya, "My son." He acknowledged before he bowed to Hadi, "My Prince." Hadi went ignored, just how he liked it. "It is no small relief to see you unharmed. When we received news of your father… your brother…"

Prince Harun acknowledged the words with a nod of his head. "I was fortunate to have reliable allies at my side on the battlefield," Prince Harun replied and that…

That sounded like a rebuke to Hadi's ears. It was wrapped in praise, to be certain. And humbleness. A true diplomatic answer, but underneath that was a statement -- 'the people that were supposed to protect my father and brother failed in that duty.'

The Vizier couldn't reply to that message, so he had to respond to what was on the surface. "It is a relief to hear that my son performed to my expectations," Vizir Jafar replied, his tone smooth and unruffled. Then his dark eyes flickered to Hadi, "And, of course, our newest Sheikh has performed admirably as well. I've spoken with your father a few times in recent days. I'm sure he would like to inform you himself, but your bride has been selected."

There was so much to unpack there that Hadi didn't even know where to start. Maybe top down by order of what terrified him the most?

His father apparently was talking to the Vizier. That couldn't mean anything good. Especially for him.

The Vizier apparently knew who he was. Also not good, but something that Hadi had prepared himself for. To a degree. His name would be a hot topic in coming days, but everyone would be quick to forget him. Especially since Hadi was paying the minstrels and troubadour troops to highlight the Prince's achievements and to leave himself out of the songs and performances entirely.

Thirdly, he was getting married. He sent a silent prayer that his father had listened and his bride was a homely woman. Or an ugly one. He needed a silver lining.

Prince Harun smiled at him, "Congratulations, my friend!" He said, and Hadi wanted to weep. The Vizier's gaze honed in on Hadi much like a horse merchant would a horse -- he looked Hadi over with his eyes and did everything short of checking his teeth. "A celebration is in order. In these trying times, it is good to remember that life continues on."

"Ah, yes. That is quite true, my prince," Vizier Jafar replied before Hadi could speak. "Such trying times. Please, rest assured that I am doing all that I can to recover Princess Jasmine." He said and Hadi fought a frown. Probing. That's what the remark felt like to Hadi. Not entirely cruel or self-serving, but much like how a healer would poke at a wound to see how much it hurt.

Prince Harun looked away, sweeping his gaze over the throne room. "Sheikh Hadi claims that she is in little danger," he said and the Vizier's gaze shifted to Hadi.

He was forced to repeat the same reassurance that he had to give the Prince when he first learned that Siegfried had captured his sister. "The Pagan is a heathen, but his stance on rape and pillaging has made itself known. There was an incident when he sacked Athens -- two of his men forced themselves upon women, so he allowed the women to flog those men to death." At that, Vizier Jafar's eyebrows climbed high. "Siegfried himself has no taste for wanton violence either. I have not found any evidence of him taking an unwilling woman into his bed. Or, in truth, of him straying from his three wives."

"He is honorable," Prince Harun voiced, sounding quite annoyed about it too. "It would be easier to hate him if he was not, but he has given me no reason to doubt his honor. My sister is being treated as his guest -- he will respect that." Prince Harun said before shaking his head, annoyed with the topic. It was still a sore point for him. "The negotiations for her return shall continue while I shall reach out to Lord Siegfried myself. Until then… let us discuss lighter topics."

Vizier Jafar bowed his head, "Of course, my prince." He said, glancing at the throne room. "But it shall have to wait until after the ceremony, it would seem." He noted, and he was right. The small window for idle chatter had come to a close as the throneroom opened the doors to allow the firsts guests of honor in.

To Hadi's knowledge, the Abbasid Caliphate had twelve Emirs. Emir Muhammad was still recovering from his wounds, as far as Hadi was aware. They had left him behind in Acre because he wouldn't have survived the march. So, with his absence, three of the Emirs were absent. And that… was worrying, Hadi decided.

A big part of nobility was attending social gatherings, no matter how little interest you actually had in them. Some events were so important that anything short of death was not an excuse to miss them. The crowning of the prince on the eve of victory wasn't one of them, per say, but it was a poor look to be absent.

Of the Emirs that were in attendance, Hadi only recognized one.

And Emir Ismail certainly recognized him based on the cold, cutting look he leveled at Hadi, despite being seated at a place of honor. Emir Ismail was an elderly man in his eighties, and he had seen five generations of his family raised underneath him. So, it was little surprise that his vast family turned out to be wastrels considering none of them had any hopes of ever inheriting his title or lands. Those lands, as it so happened, encompassed the city that Hadi had grown up in.

Hadi pretended to not notice the Emir, idly considering what should be done. He had managed to survive his ire by staying out of sight and out of mind, but being honored like this…

Thankfully, the attention didn't remain on Hadi. Each of the Emirs gave their greetings, taking their seats, before the rest of the nobility were allowed to enter. Slowly, the hall began to fill up. Yet, the ceremony itself could not begin until the Caliph arrived. When he did arrive, it came in the signs of servants informing the nobility, who then silenced themselves. Despite no less than three hundred people being in the throne room, it was silent.

Which was why the sound of a wooden cane hitting the stone steps echoed out. The silk shift that the Caliph hid behind did little to muffle the noise, and Hadi sat so close to the screen that he could hear the Caliph let out a shuddering groan when he took his throne. An image flashed in Hadi's mind of the Caliph, the ruler of the Caliphate.

Hadi had always wondered what he looked like, but there was little opportunity to see him. All official courtly meetings transpired with him behind the silk sheet, and Hadi heard rumors that anyone outside of his inner circle found the sheet between them even in personal meetings. Yet, Hadi had seen the Caliph, however briefly, in their travels back to Baghdad.

The man had been dying well before he took a spear to the stomach. And, underneath the heavy perfumes and incense, Hadi could smell rot coming from the wound. An infection had set in, and it was killing the Caliph slowly. A finishing touch, because the man appeared to have been ill well before that point.

"Prince Harun. Stand and step forward," The Caliph's voice spoke, but it did not come from the Caliph himself. A slave boy, Hadi knew, stood next to the Caliph and echoed the Caliph's words in his own voice. A rare talent, but a useful one for deception.

As instructed, Prince Harun stepped forward, bowing before the silk screen. The 'Caliph' continued, "Before Allah and the lords gathered here today, I, Al-Mahdi, Third Caliph of the Abbasid Caliphate, confirm your status as my lawful heir -- my titles, lands, royal incomes, and worldly possessions shall be conferred to you upon my death. Now, kneel, Prince Harun." The Prince knelt and, as a shadow cast upon the silk screen, his father reached out as if to touch his head despite the distance between them.

"I confer unto you a royal name. Al-Rashid -- 'To Guide to the Right Path.' Now, stand once more, Harun al-Rashid." The Caliph ordered and Harun al-Rashid stood to the applause and cheering of the nobility. Hadi watched them and he saw cold cynical eyes. The nobility, it would seem, were not so easily fooled by a victory. The loss in Crete, by all rights, should have tarnished Prince Harun's reputation beyond hope of repair.

However, Hadi had spent no small amount of effort confusing the story. Facts were quickly muddled so that what people knew was this -- Prince Harun had been defeated on Crete, yet he still arrived in Anatolia to defeat the Romans. The severity of the defeat was played down, and Prince Harun was still seen winning the day, saving his father in the process.

It was a necessary effort. The Abbasid Dynasty was still too new on the throne. Barely twenty years had passed since it's ascension, and al-Mahdi was the longest lived Abbasid Caliph who had ruled for a decade. If the nobles smelled too much weakness, they would pounce. Rebellions. Hostile politics because everyone thought they could use the opportunity to rise above their station.

And if there was a civil war, then Hadi would be expected to fight in it. Knowing his rancid luck, some mad bastard would try to make him Caliph.

The rest of the ceremony was a social affair. Everyone wanted to congratulate the Prince, who all had previously ignored as the spare, to ingratiate themselves in his favor. As Hadi was seated in a place of honor, he wasn't spared their attention as some of the nobility with a lesser presence saw him as an avenue to reach the Prince's ear. It was horrible, but it was something he was prepared for.

He gave tepid answers, he avoided offense, and above all else, he refused any promises or deals. His father would likely try to murder him when he found out that he didn't use the moment to his advantage. Maybe his father would succeed and he would finally be put out of his misery. Though, to that end, Naeem was doing quite well for himself and the nobility saw his little brother as an easier man to approach.

Hadi worried for his brother, but it was a distant worry. Naeem was a fool on the battlefield, but he did have a good head on his shoulders. He wouldn't make any ironclad promises, only agreeing to vague deals that could be kept or broken with little issue. A handful of hours passed and Hadi started to sense that attention on him was waning, offloaded onto Naeem, and it was as he started to slip away that he was ambushed.

Yahya caught his eye as Hadi made to slip through a servants door, approaching Hadi before offering a small bow of his head. "Sheikh Hadi. The first wife and royal mother has requested your presence in her solar."

Shit.

Hadi's mind raced for a reasonable excuse to refuse the invitation but he was coming up short. He glanced in the direction of Prince Harun, who met his gaze. And, to his horror, the Prince nodded at him. Meaning that he was aware of the invitation.

The First Wife of the Caliph and the Royal Mother of the heir was not someone that Hadi ever wanted to meet. Mostly because she was reputed to be a beautiful woman. Men often acted foolish when it came to their wives, especially when their wives were beautiful. Meeting her felt like sticking your hand in a jackals den -- maybe you would be fine, but maybe you wouldn't. In either case, it was stupid and dangerous.

Sucking in a slow breath, he nodded, "It would be my honor." He lied through his teeth, and he idly wondered if this was what it felt like to walk to one's own execution. It certainly felt like it. Especially when Hadi noticed the subtle shift in Yahya.

The two of them were hardly close, but they could easily hold a conversation with one another. Polite, friendly, but not friends. But something had changed in Yahya's posture and Hadi knew exactly what it was.

Hadi was now a peer to Yahya. And that changed everything when it came to their dynamic. So, it was with a heavy tense silence that Yahya led him through the halls of the palace, into a different wing entirely, before they came to a stop in front of an ornate yet heavy looking wood door. Yahya knocked twice before stepping back and a moment later, the doors swung open by two servants.

It was then that Hadi laid eyes on the First Wife of the Caliph.

She rested upon a mountain of silk pillows and sheets, dressed every bit as lavishly as her daughter was -- a king's ransom in silks, jewels, and golden jewelry. A woman, either a slave or a concubine, fanned the First Wife, while another held a pitcher of what Hadi hoped was wine. Yet, what drew his attention was the room itself. A long low table would separate them once Hadi was seated, but he noticed an abacus along with a neat pile of scrolls. And as much as Hadi smelled perfumes and incense, he smelled ink and parchment.

"Leave us, Yahya," The First Wife ordered with a dismissive wave of her hand. A purposeful dismissal considering Yahya was the son of the second most powerful man in the Caliphate. In response, Yahya bowed his head, his expression betraying nothing, before he left the room and the doors were closed after him. Which was how Hadi found himself standing alone in what felt like hostile territory.

Al-Khayzuran looked at him, her dark eyes peeking out above a veil. "You are quite a skittish thing in comparison to how my son has described you," she voiced, sounding amused as she gestured to the smaller mountain of pillows across from her, "Sit. I command it."

Honestly, Hadi would have sat by the door if it wasn't for her pointing at the pillows. He walked over, taking a seat and he noticed that they were filled with soft feathers while each pillow was embroidered. Al-Khayzuran watched him the entire time, saying nothing for a long painful minute before she chuckled. It was then that Hadi distantly recalled that he should probably say something. "It is an honor to meet you. Though, I will admit, I am curious why you would wish to meet me of all people."

He saw a ghost of a smile behind the veil, "Why would it be strange for me to wish to meet one of my son's friends?" She asked, tilting her head. The veil distorted her appearance but it was clear that she was quite beautiful. "He has spoken quite highly of you."

Hadi bowed his head, "The Prince honors me." Even if he wished that he didn't.

"I was quite concerned you see," Al-Khayzuran continued, her tone light. "My dear Harun has the same flaw that my husband did -- trusting men who cannot be trusted." Hadi went still as with every word, her voice sounded colder. "It is a relief to see that is not the case for you, Sheikh Hadi. Even if you are not who you appear to be."

Something was wrong, Hadi decided, every muscle slowly going tense as he met Al-Khayzuran's gaze. His heart lurched in his chest, and he had to swallow it back down. "I'm afraid… I… I beg your pardon?" He tried, not entirely sure what to say.

Al-Khayzuran chuckled warmly at that, "My son is aware of your efforts to bolster his reputation, even at the expense of your own. He thinks this is because you are a loyal vassal and a fine friend. But, we both know that is not your true motivation, Sheikh Hadi." She said, a cup of chilled wine being placed before her and before Hadi. Hadi caught a glimpse of his reflection on its surface, and it was something of a relief that even now, his expression was calm and collected. "Lazy. Content. Cynical."

Hadi's lips parted to say something, but he was struggling to find the words. If he ever had to describe himself, who he truly was, in three words…

He would have chosen those three. He was content with what he had. He was lazy. And he wasn't foolish enough to believe anything blindly.

"A far cry from the brave, ambitious warrior that others paint you to be," Al-Khayzuran laughed lightly, and to Hadi's ears, it didn't sound mocking. It was like they were sharing a joke that only they understood. "Oh, I don't disapprove. It's only natural to have a public and a private face. If anything, I applaud yours -- though, I'm certain it has caused you no end of trouble."

He managed to smile ever so slightly at that, but it was a feeble thing. Exposed. If he had to describe how he felt in a word, then he felt exposed.

"I see the rumors of your insight were not only deserved, but understated," Hadi replied. The affairs of the royal family were so far above him that he had never paid them any notice, but he had heard certain tales about Al-Khayzuran, the First Wife. Nothing untoward or slanderous -- simply that she was a capable woman who was suspected in having a far greater hand in matters of governance than most thought.

"Your flattery is appreciated," Al-Khayzuran returned. "But, I did not summon you here to trade compliments. You now have a place by my son's side, and I intend to make use of you." She informed, and Hadi expected something along those lines. "Tell me, what do you know of the Barmakids?"

That wasn't where he thought the conversation was going, but he answered all the same. "They're a powerful family. Jafar was instrumental in the rebellion, and he has served as Vizier for all three of the Abbasid Caliphs. Yahya strikes me as a competent, if overly serious man. I cannot speak for others, as I have not met any."

"The Barmakids were raised up alongside the Abbasid Dynasty. A family of stewards is what they have been for generations. Yet, now that the Abbasids are royalty, they have enjoyed far greater power and influence. They are the administrative backbone of the Caliphate." Al-Khayzuran informed him, and that sounded more expansive than what he generally heard about them. "For the past twenty years, they have made themselves the natural choice for positions of influence. They have no lands. Their incomes are bequeathed to them by the royal family. In theory, they have no influence."

He saw where this was going, "But in reality, they have a great deal." Nobility had a poor habit of looking down on those that lacked noble blood. It was because, in theory, the common people existed at the sufferance of the nobility. But, Hadi knew the truth.

The common people had an influence of their own, and with it, they could topple kingdoms.

"Vizier Jafar has groomed his son to take his position once Harun ascends the throne. Yahya does not have his father's appetite for ambition, but he still has a taste for power and influence. Under normal circumstances, I would be content to let things run their course until the Barmakids, inevitably, overstep." Al-Khayzuran paused before a ghost of a grimace passed over her veiled features, "But this… unpleasantness with the Romans, the Pagan, and Emir Muhammad have made things unstable."

"Emir Muhammad?" Hadi echoed, uncertain about the man.

"His lands are dangerously weakened by the massacre in Crete. He himself will die soon, leaving behind a toddler that shall require a long regency." She informed him, and that was bad news all around. "He is aware of the dangers of regents. Especially those that will have the position for a decade, if not more." It was then that she picked up her wine and one of the servants lifted her veil so she could take a sip.

"That is where you come in," Al-Khayzuran uttered the words like a death sentence. Then she listed out the charges, "Emir Muhammad has come to respect you, it would seem. At my suggestion, he agreed that you would become regent for his son until he comes of age. By doing so, you shall act as a counter balance to the Barmakids at court. It shall prevent them from eying more power than their stomachs can handle."

Regent. Of a domain belonging to an Emir. One of the most powerful men in the country. Dozens of Sheikh would answer to him.

"I- does he not have relatives to oversee the regency?" Hadi tried, grabbing hold of the cup of wine like it was a lifeline.

"None that he would trust to not slit his child's throat in the name of ambition," Al-Khayzuran replied, her tone matter of fact. That was the danger of long regencies, as history had proven. Yet, even before he accepted his fate, she continued. "As regent, your concern shall be to rebuild the Emir's lands. To that end, I will have you in connection with the Pagan -- he is disliked in the Roman court, and I wish for more friendly relations with him. If not for the sake of my daughter, then to seduce him away from the Romans when we next go to war."

It would be simple enough to manage, Hadi thought. Siegfried and the Prince both shared a love for knowledge. If they gave him what he wanted in greater quantity than the Romans, and treated him with respect… it was possible to bring him to the Abbasid's side.

But Hadi hadn't forgotten one glaring issue with the whole plan. "I am a Sheikh, your highness. A newly arisen one. I have not even seen the lands I own. I do not have the power, prestige, or wealth necessary to act as regent to an Emir." He would be shocked if there wasn't a rebellion the moment that they heard the news.

To that, Al-Khayzuran smiled, "That has already been taken care of. Allow me to introduce you to your wife." On cue, the servants opened a door off to the side and a woman stepped into the room. She was tall for a woman, and she made no effort to hide it, dresses in silks and velvet, adorned with gold and jewels, her skin was a warm brown while her eyes were as green as emeralds that glittered like gold.

"My lord husband, I am Sheba," she introduced herself, a sly grin that promised everything but peace tugging at her lips.

She was without a shadow of a doubt in his mind the most beautiful woman that he had ever seen.

Hadi wanted to weep.

Could his life get any worse?

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 924 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Wider World
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,740
Things were different now that I was recognized nobility. I had already possessed everything that a noble did -- great wealth, a sizable army, and noble marriages. By that logic, I was one of the most powerful nobles in the Empire. The only others that could compare were the Strategos, and they were few in number. And if it came to a fight, I felt confident I would win.

Yet, I had lacked lands and a recognized noble name. Or, rather, the noble privileges that came with being recognized nobility. The nobility of Rome still didn't like me -- I suspected that they liked me a great deal less than when I was just a pagan barbarian now I was considered their peer in fact. However, they couldn't dismiss me like they had before. I was nobility, and protocol had to be followed. My lands were small, and only in my hands for a few short years, but Norland was already a prosperous port and its value would only increase with time.

However, what I enjoyed the most about my new position was that I could now freely cultivate the land. I could establish villages and the like, rather than attempting to cram everything inside of Norland's expanding walls. I could make the town more self-sustaining, setting up a network of farms to feed it rather than relying on fishing like we had so far.

Which was why I had a thick rope in my hands, thrown over my shoulder as I fought to take a step with a plow behind me with three men pushing it from behind. The plow cut through the earth, shoveling soil to the sides for the seeds that would soon be buried. There was grunting and groaning as we all worked to move the stubborn and heavy plow.

"Faster! Faster!" I heard Thorkell calling out, working a plow that was being pulled by a stocky workhorse and a half dozen men. "Put your backs into it!" He urged and I had to fight a smile as he was red in the face, pulling with all of his might, but I still managed to hold the lead. It was an impromptu competition, with the end of the field marking the finish line. And I knew that it was a competition that would repeat itself time and time again.

I had been mistaken about Crete's fertility. In a way. The soil was very poor for grain -- wheat would never grow here, but it was not poor for everything. Olives grew on the island almost better than anywhere else. Grapes as well. And various root vegetables. The Romans did not have four field crop rotation, and I was reluctant to give it to them. Though, I'm not sure if I could in the first place because the soil seemed only rich for a handful of specific plants.

Another issue was that the land was more like Norway than Denmark or Francia. There would be no vast fields of crops where acres and acres of farmland would be cultivated. Despite being the exact opposite in temperament and weather, Crete and Norway were similar. Farms had to be small and spread out. Some of the largest would cover an acre, maybe two but no more. Most would barely be an acre.

Which explained why Crete was so sparsely inhabited. An acre of farmland was barely enough to feed a small family through the year, and not if they ate only what they grew on the farm. It was a challenge to be sure, but a welcome one. The information I earned from this experience would be invaluable to King Hoffer.

My answer to the issue was first to walk the land, surveying it with Earth Wealth, which allowed me to see the fertility of soil in lands that belonged to me. Fertile soil was marked with stakes and twine, and usually the soil was scattered about. In some places, it would be clumped together -- dispersed enough that it couldn't be called a large fertile field, but close enough that I could see a farming village set up somewhere between family farms. Other times, you could walk many miles without seeing soil that wasn't marked red.

It took some time, but it was worth doing. Then, with all the fields marked, I chose which ones would develop what and fed them all into centralized villages. One cluster of farms would produce wine. Others olives. Another vegetables. All of it would feed into the village, who would then sell their crop to Norland as a whole.

It wasn't a perfect system, even on paper. It would take one bad season from a village that produced only grapes to turn into wine to prove ruinous. Which is why I was subsidizing what would be wine or olive villages. When things worked, they would sell their crop to winemakers or olive presses, they would turn the crops into goods, and the goods would then be sold to merchants. To ensure that the villages that produced cash crops remained fed, and so they weren't constantly beggered by purchasing food, Norland would cover a percentage of their food costs. In the event of a bad year, the cost would be offloaded onto Norland entirely to be repaid in taxes.

It was a system that when it worked, it would work great. But… Things didn't always work like they should. Perhaps Norland wouldn't have the money to pay for the food that its villages produced. Perhaps there was a raid and a village was destroyed to the point that a gaping hole opened up in the system, which would cause shortages, and shortages would cause increased prices, and the entire thing would become difficult to manage.

I was still working on it. I wanted something more robust. Something that could take some heavy knocks and still function as intended. But, for now, I hadn't even gotten to the point to see if the system worked in the first place.

Sweat dripped off of me, my shirt soaked with it until I simply tossed it off like so many others. The sun shone overhead, the sky devoid of a single cloud, and my muscles had a deeply familiar ache in them as I raced towards the finish line. Thorkell and his crew's efforts grew more desperate, and they steadily closed the gap between us but it was far too late for them to overcome me. My victory was punctuated with their cries of dismay and my team's cheering while I dropped the rope to see that I had developed more blisters.

I chuckled, looming out at the field while I rolled my shoulder, a deep ache setting in. "I missed farming," I admitted to myself as Thorkell finished his line with far less enthusiasm.

It was a strange thought. When I was a boy but a few years ago, I would dream of leaving the farm. Sailing off with my father and brothers to raid distant lands and finding incredible treasures. It wasn't a real thought or plan, but I always thought that once I became a warrior that farming would be beneath me. That I wouldn't ever do it again simply because I would have people to do it for me.

But I had missed it. The scent of soil and sweat, breaking the earth, and knowing that soon, we would reap the bounty of our labor. It almost felt like home, despite being half a world away.

"Most people don't take being called a workhorse so literal, Sieg," Thorkell pointed out, and I laughed. "Ah, well, we'll get you next time." He said and I rolled my shoulder again, already feeling a bruise forming. I looked at the horses on the other plows for a moment, seeing that their harness wasn't much different than mine. I imagined that pulling the plow made them ache as much as it did me.

But my attention was stolen when beyond the horses I saw Jill and Jasmine approaching with a few guards and Alim to serve as a translator. Jill caught my gaze and she offered a smile as they approached while Jasmine barely seemed to take notice of her surroundings as she gazed out at the field with an odd sense of wonderment. Lagging behind her was Rajah, always alert for threats. Which he found in me, based on how his feline pupils narrowed into thin slits.

Rajah still didn't like me much even if he stopped snarling in the direction of everyone else, provided that they didn't come too close. But I was fairly certain that was because of the blessing that I gave Jill, since Jill and Jasmine were frequently seen together.

"What brings you two here?" I asked Jill while Alim quietly translated the words to Jasmine, who hardly seemed to listen.

"Princess Jasmine was interested when she learned that you were setting up farms," Jill answered while Jasmine walked over to the edge of the freshly plowed field before poking the dirt. "Astrid wanted to join, but she got to the door before thinking better of it, and she refused to be carried." I felt a rush travel through me at the reminder. Winter had come and gone. Spring as well. Summer had gripped the land, and with every passing day, Astrid and I inched closer to being parents. "And Morrigan is snooping again."

I hummed. Morrigan had yet to bond with an animal, though that was mostly because they hadn't hatched yet. Odin cast his watchful eye to this land, and because of it, it had been a simple task of getting Morrigan a clutch of raven eggs when a mother failed to return to her nest. A sign, as far as I could tell, but I knew little of such things. So, until then, Morrigan watched people the way she had since the start.

"Why did she want to see a farm?" I asked and to that, Jill seemed pensive.

"She… claims to have never seen one before," Jill informed and I blinked at that before turning to the Abbasid Princess, who was rubbing dirt between her finger and thumb. She seemed to sense our attention, glancing at us, before an expression of embarrassment flickered over her face. I could hardly believe it -- she had never seen a farm before. The very thought was a strange one.

She also seemed to guess why I was puzzled. "I know farms grow things, but… I never left the palace before I followed my brother to Acre." She admitted, turning her gaze out to the field and I couldn't help but find it odd that she would eye something so mundane with a sense of wonder. I had looked upon Constantinople with that same expression. "Before that, I never even entered Baghdad properly. Father always refused me. And caught me when I tried to sneak out," she admitted with brazen honesty.

Alim translated the words to Jill in Norse, and now Alim was speaking the language as if he had grown up speaking it. While he did, I spoke in Arabic, "You used the war as a chance to leave?" I asked, wondering if she regretted the course of action now.

Jasmine nodded, "Everyone was so busy with preparations it was easy to attach myself to a party." Then she pointed to the soil, "What will grow here?"

"Here? Grapes. This will be a vineyard," I said, looking out at the field. We had farmers that knew how to grow and manage a vineyard, and I had seen them in Francia. Stakes would be set up for the vines to grow on. Frustratingly, I was told that it would take at least two years, most likely three, for the grapes to mature. If I was lucky, by the time we left this land we would produce our first batch of wine.

Jasmine looked at me with confusion, "Wine comes from vineyards, yes?"

I wasn't sure how to respond to that, so I nodded.

She looked back out at the field with an expression of fascination and vague disgust, "Then… grapes… grow from the dirt?" She stressed, and I scratched at my check, seeing that the news was nothing short of a revelation to her but I had no idea how to respond.

"...Aye? Most things come from the earth." I replied and I was starting to see the depths of her ignorance.

"What about… bread? Apples?" she pressed, her expression almost combative when she saw my blunt disbelief.

"Apples grow on trees. Bread comes from wheat that's ground into flour, mixed with water, and then baked." I explained and I saw that my words troubled her ever so slightly. Her brow furrowed, her lips thinned before she poked the dirt once more.

"I didn't know that," she muttered to herself more than to me. "I thought bread came from the kitchens." Then her lips quirked up ever so slightly, "I did know that apples came from trees though. I've seen them! I just wanted to make sure you weren't trying to trick me," she admitted and I found that an incredibly strange thing to take pride in.

I was… puzzled. Confused. And I felt some stirring of pity for Jasmine, who gazed out at the farm, because we had the opposite issue. To her, she only knew the grandeur of a palace. An army of servants catering to her every whim, and she was beholden only to the most powerful man in the empire. To her, a farm truly was every bit as strange and wondrous as Constantinople had been to me.

Her attention drifted over to the horses and plow as Thorkell gathered up the men to start making another run. She watched the plow work, "Does that hurt the horses?" she asked with some worry and I opened my mouth to say it didn't, but then my shoulder ached once more.

Instead I pursed my lips, "It does. But I think I have an idea how to make it easier for them," I admitted and Jasmine lit up with an earnest smile. I glanced at Jill, "Do we have any spare cloth and leather?" I asked, looking out at the horses for a moment.

Our bodies were rather different, but given our job was much the same, I had an idea of what I wanted to make. Something that would make pulling less of a pain while also making it easier to pull. I would need some wood, but that was easy enough to get my hands on. Jill seemed faintly surprised by the request, but nodded.

It didn't take much time for a runner to fetch the supplies and upon Thorkell's completion of another row, they were eager for a break. Jasmine followed behind me like a second shadow, inadvertently dragging Jill with her. The princess was simply delighted to watch the work happen, as if it were a great play. Though, it didn't take her long to start asking questions when I used a length of twine to start taking measurements.

"What are you doing?" She asked and as far as I could tell, she was genuinely interested in knowing.

"What causes pain is that all the weight and resistance is located in a single point," I said, gesturing to my shoulder that was a bright red where the rope had dug into it. "I intend to make a harness that will spread out the weight." Cloth and leather to help cushion the load, while several points would hook into the wood parts of the harness to the plow. So, instead of a single point, it would be ten points to evenly distribute the pressure.

What I wanted to make was pretty simple, truth be told, but more time consuming to do well. I was more concerned with if the idea would work at all rather than it looking good. I handed over the folded cloth and the leather to Jill to stitch together while I worked on the wooden mantle. What Lay Within helped guide my hand as I took large chunks of wood off with a hammer and chisel. And, before long, I had an extremely rough version of what I wanted. A long mantle that would loop around a horse's neck, and settle between their front legs -- there were ten hooks for the plow to latch onto.

Attaching the padding to the mantle would take too much time, and it wasn't strictly necessary to test the harness. So, once Jill had everything roughly stitched together, I threw it over the horse's head, followed by the mantle. It roughly fit, the wood going over the padding while the wood tapered around his neck and joints to avoid impacting his mobility. The old workhorse stood idly, watching me then attach the harness to the plow with thin rope. It wasn't perfect because I had to somewhat awkwardly tie the ropes to the plow, but it was more or less what I envisioned.

Now all that was left was to try it out. Under Princess Jasmine's watchful eye, I went out to do a new run of the field with the workhorse, and the effects were near immediate. The workhorse prodded forward with much greater ease than he had before, and it was only then that I realized that the old harness was likely choking the horse so it didn't want to use all of its strength. The ground parted as the plow did its job, and just with the two of us, and another guiding the plow in a straight path, we finished the line.

It was a simple change, I thought while Jasmine clapped as if it were the conclusion to a play, but one that made a significant difference-

Padded Horse Collar Technology discovered 21 years in advance.

Learning experience awarded: 2500

I blinked at the message before the experience was applied, crossing the threshold to grant me a Learning Perk. My first one in what felt like entirely too long. Despite myself, I smiled widely, looking over my choices.

Early Scandinavian Ship Building
Blacksmithing: Armorsmithing Intermediate
Basic Architecture

The choice was an obvious one, I decided. Armorsmithing and Ship Building were tempting, and if Crete had any trees and I wasn't half a world away from home, I could see either of the two being chosen. But what I needed was Basic Architecture. I was building a city. I was building roads. And I had seen the pinnacle of what could be made with human hands.

Making my choice, knowledge flowed into my mind -- I had already learned some things on my own. A roof needed support, wood needed to be burnt before being buried if the stakes would serve as a foundation to avoid rot. The knowledge from the gods expanded upon what I had learned. It informed me how a roof would sag and ways to prevent it beyond planting a pillar underneath a point of weakness. It taught me how to build a stable foundation, clarifying weaknesses I had seen with Structural Analysis but couldn't understand.

The knowledge was exactly what I needed, I decided.

I almost couldn't wait to try it out, only for the moment of celebration to be ended with a messenger riding up on a horse. "Lord Wolf-Kissed! An Abbasid ship is sailing towards the harbor!" The man shouted and that stole my attention away from a moment of triumph. My gaze flickered to Jasmine and I could tell that she recognized the word Abbasid. A conflicted expression passed over her face before she hastily tried to hide it by pulling up the veil she wore.

I nodded, then looked to Jill. "It's likely the shipment of knowledge that Prince Harun promised me. But, they will likely wish to check on their Princess." I informed, taking the horse from the messenger and throwing my leg over it.

"I'll take care of it," Jill said, nodding back at me and I wheeled the horse away to gallop up to Norland. I was eager, I decided, heading down the dirt path as I envisioned it being made of stone. The knowledge did more than just fill gaps in my knowledge. It expanded upon it, giving me ideas that I never otherwise would have considered. My mind was alight with possibilities, and I hoped to learn more from these Abbasid texts.

Making my way through Norland, I approached the wall that faced the harbor and got on top of it. As the messenger said, I saw an Abbasid ship sailing for the mouth of the harbor. It wasn't one of ours, I swiftly noticed.

The ships that we had stolen were all marked, and most of them had been turned into trade ships. Some were sold to the Romans, some to merchants, but most were filled with purchased goods from Constantinople and then sent out across the Mediterranean Sea.

Leaning on the wall, True Sight marked a few of the men on the ship as red. Hardly surprising, really. What was surprising was that there were two gold figures standing on the bow of the ship. I recognized only one of them.

I sighed, finding myself rather annoyed with who was delivering my hard-won knowledge.

"That bastard."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 853 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Polite Words
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,781
Becoming nobility came with some unfortunate costs that only made themselves known in hindsight. The social protocols that I benefited from, which made me someone that simply couldn't be ignored, also applied to others. Noble obligations, as Jill described it. An unspoken and elaborate web of social niceties that were expected to be upheld at all times. Most of it, despite my annoyance, was stuff I already knew -- such as treating the nobility with a base level of respect.

Most of my experience with foreign nobles came during times of war and, more often than not, when they had been captured by me. That wasn't the case here. So, no matter how tempted I was to simply kick Hadi back on his ship the moment that the deliveries were made, I couldn't. It was a harsh insult to deny someone hospitality when they arrived at your hall, and no matter how irritating I found Hadi, he hadn't done anything to deserve such an insult.

Which is how I found myself sitting across from Hadi as he stood in my hall, behind him were a dozen men all carrying heavy chests. Beyond them was a man I had some interest in -- he wore an orange colored robe that left one shoulder exposed and a necklace made out of thick wooden beads. Both his head and face were shaved, his eyes were dark, and they looked around the longhouse with some interest. But, it was Hadi who held my attention.

"In accordance with the deal made outside of Antioch, the knowledge gathered by Prince Harun al-Rashid has been delivered," Hadi informed and while his voice was neutral, his gaze betrayed that he would rather be anywhere other than here. "This is the first of twelve deliveries that shall be made over the course of a year." I would have preferred it all delivered at once to avoid any interruptions if war broke out once more, but I suppose that was the point. Stretching out the deliveries made sure that I wouldn't compromise it by raiding their settlements.

It was a lesson learnt, I guess. Next time, I would have to be more specific.

"Behind me are talented scribes who know both Arabic and Greek. With your permission, they shall start their work of translating the works under your watchful eye," Hadi continued, and by that, he meant they were spies. There was nothing stopping them from shipping the translated texts. He was dressing it up as a favor to me, because I would admittedly have some suspicions about the texts. I wouldn't put it beyond the Abbasids to give me falsely translated texts because I wouldn't know any better. So, having my own men watch over them where our displeasure for trickery was an immediate consequence would encourage honesty.

"Lastly, the Monk Gyatso has agreed to accompany this mission. He is a Wiseman from the east, here to spread word of the Heavenly Buddha," he finished, and the monk stepped forward and bowed his head to me. His gaze was measuring as he looked upon me. I would put him around his early to mid twenties. Well muscled as well. He, however, said nothing as he rose back to his full height.

I wasn't entirely sure what to make of his presence. He sounded a great deal like a Christian pilgrim seeking to convert others to their God, and I had quite enough of that as it was. But, I was curious about his god, I could admit, and he did seem to be a different breed of man from the Romans and the Abbasids. I knew of a land called India because of Alexander's conquest and the texts about Ashoka the Great, but I knew little of what laid beyond.

But, I was mostly curious on why he was here. Was he a volunteer? Or was he volunteered because Prince Harun wanted to get rid of a pagan? Or did he simply assume that because we were both pagans that we would accept each other with open arms?

I suppose I would simply have to wait and see.

"I welcome you all into my hall as guests. You have my thanks for the prompt delivery and I am eager to see the wisdom that the Abbasids have hoarded," I greeted them with warmth I didn't feel. Half of them were spies. I didn't even need to use True Sight to see that. "I invite you all to sup with me after a long journey."

Refuse. I tried to convey the message with my eyes as I held Hadi's gaze. I'm almost certain that he received the message, but what came out of his mouth wasn't the answer I wanted to hear.

"You honor me, Lord Siegfried. We shall gladly partake in your renowned hospitality," Hadi replied, his tone infallibly polite.

The reason why he had to accept the offer was obvious enough. He even glanced at Princess Jasmine, who was seated at the high table in a position of honor. She sat next to Jill, and standing between them was Alim. Jasmine knew how to look regal, I could admit. She wore her silks and jewels like they were an extension of her body, her head held high and her dark eyes focused and attentive.

This whole deal was an excuse to check in on Jasmine. To see how she was being treated. And to steal a private moment so Jasmine could send whatever message that she liked to her family.

It was a strange thing, I decided, and it renewed my distaste for politics. It was a secret that we all were aware of. A secret that we all knew everyone else was aware of. Yet, we didn't utter it out loud because then none of us could claim it was mere suspicion and our hands would be forced to take action.

"A feast," Jill spoke up, and I'm pretty sure Astrid only started to pay attention when she heard the word feast. "We have reason to celebrate, I think. For you have recently been married, have you not?" She said, and Alim translated her words into Arabic.

I knew of the marriage. And I was aware of Hadi's new position -- news had been brought over with returning Abbasid citizens who wanted to settle in Norland with their families. Hadi had married a prominent noble in a region called Egypt. To my knowledge, Sheba was of middling nobility, but she had earned vast riches and a moniker.

The Queen of Trade.

Some supposedly looked down upon her for gaining her wealth through trade, but her power couldn't be denied. Especially when I had greatly weakened her rivals by slaughtering their armies in Ravenfeast Valley. It was a quite telling rumor that when I heard about the marriage, the tale was phrased that Hadi had married her rather than that she had married Hadi, a regent to a powerful land.

In response, Hadi offered a tepid smile. "I have. And my thanks," he said, his gaze never leaving me.

And out of every feast I had ever had, it was by far the most awkward.

…

I was seated at the head of a long table, my wives at my side while Jasmine sat directly across from me. She wasn't the guest of the evening, but she was still a princess of a powerful empire. Seated next to her, a respectful distance away, was Hadi. His presence had an odd effect on Jasmine -- what I had seen of her was an excitable young woman with a keen, outspoken, interest in whatever matters caught her attention. However, that girl was nowhere to be found and she was hidden under a polite mask that betrayed nothing.

Putting on appearances, I suspected. Though, Hadi wasn't much better.

Honestly, I don't think anyone would have said a word to each other if it wasn't for Jill filling the silence with polite small talk. Something that Hadi was forced to entertain. "The reconstruction efforts have gone well then? I'm glad to hear it," Jill said while Hadi wore the same fake smile.

"As well as we could hope," Hadi corrected ever so slightly. "It would seem Norland has earned itself quite the reputation. Most of the people coming to settle in the area tend to stay when they learn that the original holders of smithies and farms are in Norland." He informed, and I swallowed a twitch of annoyance.

That would explain why the migrants from the Abbasids were far lower than I hoped they might be. And, from the implication, it sounded like Norland didn't have a favorable reputation in the Caliphate. That wasn't surprising. I did sack several of their cities. I'd be very confused if they did like me.

"It's been an unexpected boon, in that regard. The land has been depopulated since the war, and my wife was quite worried about what it meant for the region," Hadi continued, his gaze flickering to me. I couldn't help but feel there was an accusation in his eyes, but he didn't voice it. "As much trouble as it caused, my wife has nothing but kind words to say about Norland itself. She called it an opportunity that was fully seized." He echoed her sentiments before his lips thinned ever so slightly.

"Something she has prodded me to do as well," he said, slipping a hand into the folds of his silk clothing before pulling out a small scroll. He handed it to Alim, who unfurled it before frowning. "It is a letter of introduction. Norland, despite being a Roman territory, currently enjoys a great deal of freedom and we wish to make use of it by strengthening trade with your city. For while it is your city."

My gaze slid to Alim, who looked up at me and offered a hesitant nod. Then my gaze slid back to Hadi and I found myself…

Annoyed.

Hadi just lied to me… but he didn't have a tell. Alim had to give it away. I'm sure that the letter was one of introduction, and I'm sure that he did desire an increase in trade. Yet, I was certain that there was something else in the letter that Alim wasn't telling me. What it was, I could only guess. That wasn't really an issue as I saw that coming, but I was more annoyed with Hadi simply because he managed to subvert Tell Spotter for no reason greater than he was simply an exceptional liar.

"Is that so?" I replied evenly, holding his gaze and I…

It annoyed me how irritating I found Hadi. I should be impressed with him, I knew. However begrudgingly. Hadi had proven himself to be a rare caliber of man and, enemy or not, he should have my respect and admiration. There were others who had inconvenienced me more and I respected for less.

If Hadi detected my annoyance, he didn't show it. "Details will need to be discussed with individual Mayors, but with Norland as a neutral harbor, it would be a natural stopping point between the Romans and the Caliphate. This is a mere formality to gauge your interest," he replied, being unusually blunt and that annoyed me too.

And I knew why, as shameful as it was.

If he served under me, I would admire him. Even as an enemy, I respected him, but no other had managed to inspire such irritation and annoyance in me. Not King Charlemagne, who was one of the greatest and most powerful kings of our age. Not Roland, who was a mighty warrior who could face a cavalry charge and have it break upon him like the sea on a mountain. Nor Astolfo, whose skill with a spear was peerless as she delivered death to anyone within her range.

I knew why he annoyed me so much. Why I found him so frustrating even as I respected his achievements.

Hadi was no great king. He wasn't blessed by the gods, as far as I could tell. He was simply a very talented man. A normal man. But one that had proven to be an obstacle to me and I… I didn't mind it as much when there was a clear reason why my path was obstructed. Charlemagne and his Paladins were blessed by their God. They were more than just men.

I'm not entirely sure when it happened exactly, but I had started to look down upon unblessed men. It was something that I only realized in hindsight. It was not as if I disliked people for not being blessed by the gods, or God. We were the honored ones. We were special. But, it was clear as day -- war was where I thrived. The only defeats I had suffered on the battlefield had been at the hands of Roland, when I had to make a deal to spare my life. I was used to crushing my enemies. Sweeping over them with fire and fury, my plans manifesting perfectly and my victories absolute.

Yet, Hadi, unblessed as he was, proved to be a thorn in my side. A normal man was able to stop me from accomplishing every goal that I set out to accomplish. It was not even that he had outright defeated me, which would at least be enough to justify my annoyance with him. I simply didn't win as cleanly as I was used to.

It was arrogance, I knew. Arrogance that I had earned, I think. But, it was arrogance all the same. A sign that I was letting the words of others lift me beyond what I was -- people called me a god, and while I still didn't believe that I was, I had, at some point, started to believe that I was more than a man. My victories made me start to expect them. Become entitled to them. So, proof that was not the case was… unwelcome.

I blew out a small sigh, feeling ashamed, mostly due to the fact that I was still annoyed even as I understood the source of my annoyance. So, I forcefully shoved it away. "I don't foresee any complications with my current allegiance, so I am amenable to the idea," I voiced and Hadi seemed faintly surprised at the willful change in my demeanor.

"It is a relief to hear it," Hadi replied, his tone still neutral but he seemed to have lowered his guard ever so slightly. "You made quite the impression upon my peers. There were many who feared that your hunger for knowledge was a feint. In any case, the deal has worked in my Prince's favor -- he has far more reason to seek out knowledge and wisdom."

He was good at talking, I could admit. He was always careful to steer the conversation to neutral topics. "I will admit that I was surprised by the volume of the texts delivered. For what reason has Prince Harun gathered such treasures?" I asked him, and while the first delivery paled in comparison to the imperial library, by the end of the year, I would be in possession of a large library indeed if each delivery remained the same size.

"My brother has always had a passion for learning. He found it more enjoyable than learning swordplay," Jasmine offered with a smile beneath her veil. "I recognized some of his favorites in the chests." That was interesting to know, I suppose.

"Does he possess copies?" I questioned and to that, Hadi stole a glance at Jasmine, who made the most demure shrug I had ever seen. I frowned for a moment, considering a thought.

The Abbasids were trying to court me. It was obvious enough. They didn't outright say it, but I could guess their game easily enough. Simply put, they didn't want me to fight for the Romans. They'd prefer it if I fought for them, but they would settle for my neutrality. And I was considering giving it to them.

But not now. And not for a low price.

The only thing of value to me was Rome's wealth of knowledge and Greek Fire. The Abbasids, so far, seemed to be able to match the Romans in terms of knowledge. And once I had the Greek Fire…

I could get paid to do nothing. That was the dream of mercenaries, as far as I could tell.

Or… I could play the Abbasids and the Romans off each other to drive up the price.

"I will have copies made and send back the originals," I said and I saw a ghost of a smile from Jill. Either because she saw my plan or because I was actively engaging in the conversation now. "I already am doing the same with the Roman texts. If Prince Harun so wishes, he can use his scribes to produce his own copies of the texts."

Hadi tilted his head at that, "I see. He would be most amenable to the idea, I believe-"

Jasmine nodded eagerly, "He always complained how stingy the Romans were when it came to texts from their libraries." And I was starting to see why Jasmine was so quiet during official meetings. Now that the overwhelming tension in the room had lessened, she spoke more freely and she was… too honest.

Hadi inclined his head to Jasmine, "So he has." Then he looked at me, "Shall I take it that you intend to recreate the Library of Alexandria?"

Now I wore a smile, "We have already settled on a location." There were several buildings that I wanted to create, but my library would be the first of them. "Soon, we shall break ground and begin construction. I hope that within a year, it will be completed." Basic Construction helped me out some, but working with actual architects had helped out more.

I fully intended my library to act as a central feature in the settlement, so the land around it would be developed accordingly. There were other challenges with developing a library that I hadn't quite anticipated. I was single handedly raising the prices for parchment and ink, and scribes were in short supply. The costs weren't prohibitive, but if I wanted to leave behind something in the library, then I needed to think of something soon.

"A wonder of the world," Hadi said, glancing down at his cup of wine for a moment. "There are others," he spoke up, catching my attention. "The Pyramids of Giza, and the Great Sphinx. I had heard tales of them as a boy, but it was only when I assumed the regency over the area that I saw them myself. They are… breathtaking," he said before he looked at me. "Perhaps you shall see them yourself?"

An offer. An invitation. And a warning all wrapped up in one.

I had to smile at that. "Perhaps I will."

...

I'm not entirely happy with how this chapter turned out, especially when it's an important one. I know I've been getting some complaints about the Hadi rivalry not feeling deserved, and that was intentional. Hadi, for all of his efforts, hasn't really been able to stop Siegfried from doing anything. He disrupts his plans, but he hasn't managed to thwart them in any meaningful way but it's still enough to get under Sieg's skin.

Siegfried is getting a big head, and he has reason to. He's been a person of consequence since he left the farm. He bit his thumb in the direction of one of the greatest and most powerful kings of his era, he nearly effortlessly forged a kingdom, and as far as his people are concerned he's a god that walks the earth. The Byzantine Empire was something of a rude awakening and a harsh switch up from the endless adoration he enjoyed in Scandinavia, but even that proved that he can thrive in a place where just about everyone wants him dead for being a Pagan.

The only people who have been able to meangifully challenge him are people who have been blessed by God... and Hadi. To Sieg, he is that lvl 100 character that is going to a starting area and he's getting tripped up by a level 1 enemy. It's not enough to stop him, but it's annoying that for all of his power that some dude who can't catch a lucky break can snatch the prize out of his hands at the last second. He's not even losing. He's just not winning how he wants.

All that being said, this chapter is about Sieg recognizing that growing flaw in his character and trying to course correct.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 779 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Embracing Change
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,810
There were other buildings I should probably start with, I knew, as I hammered away at a chisel, taking chunks of stone with every strike. What Lay Within was guiding my hand, showing me what the marble wanted to be and it was up to me to bring it out of its excess. I wanted to build a bathhouse. I had seen them in Constantinople, and I thought it was a good place to start. Though, I couldn't bring myself to copy the Roman design.

The water they bathed in was dirty. Bathing in it was certain to cause sickness, as sure as bathing in a dirty river would be. So, I was tinkering with the designs to find a way to cycle the water so that it always remained clean. That was my excuse for why I wasn't building a bathouse first but the truth of it was…

I really wanted to build a library. One dedicated to Odin. An equal to what I found in Constantinople. Equal to the Library of Alexandria, one of the lost wonders of the world. But, it was easier said than done. And I was learning that even a basic library was a costly thing to make, much less maintain. The costs of translating every text, making copies, procuring ink, and the payment for the scribes… I was one of the richest men in the Roman Empire at the moment. I possessed several cities worth of treasure, and a fleet of trade ships. And the cost of what I wanted to build still made my purse strings balk.

"T'is unnecessary, you are aware? We shall leave this land in but a few years. T'is not as if you can take the whole building with us," Morrigan remarked from her position, overlooking the grounds that were being worked on by dozens of men. They dug into the soil, laying the foundation that the building would be built on. First the ground would be dug, then it would be leveled, and then a slurry of 'concrete' would be laid. The same material that a number of Roman buildings were made of.

I instantly understood the value of the material for my plans, but it too was another secret of the Romans. A far less dangerous secret, but a well kept one all the same. The ingredients were already known to me, but not their portions. And if I asked a dozen Roman architects how it was made, I'd get a dozen different answers.

"I'm aware," I replied as the figure in the stone began to reveal itself in the form of an outline. A rough one. "I don't intend to take it with us. We'll leave the copies behind and take the originals with us. But that's not why I'm building it." I explained, reaching a point that I found… difficult.

Morrigan sat on a slab of marble cradling in her hands a baby raven that she was feeding a smashed worm. "Then for what reason are you wasting perfectly good money on this?"

"It's the prototype for the library I'll build in Denmark," I replied, setting the chisel aside to pick up a smaller one meant for detail work. "It'll be bigger. Better. But, I know it's going to have issues getting off the ground and I want to get that out of the way beforehand. So, I'm making the mistakes here." As I spoke, I inclined my head to my men that were watching the architects. Learning from them.

All of them were wounded warriors that could no longer fight. They were missing hands, or a foot, or a wound simply didn't heal well enough that they could fight like they used to. It was those men that I had learning from the Romans, and it wasn't a small expense. There were precious few people who could serve as translators between Greek or Latin to Norse or Germanic.

Which led me to another project that I was working on, which had expanded and tied into the library itself.

"The library will become a place of learning overseen by an order- or orders- of scribes and teachers," I continued, tapping away at the statue with far greater care. In the months since I started sculpting, both with wood and stone, I found that detail work was what I had the most difficulty with. Especially when it was so much slower and more deliberate than knocking out the outline. "They'll maintain the texts and teach others from them." After all, there was little point in me gathering such knowledge if others didn't learn from it.

I was tempted to do something like the university, but my own experience there had soured me to the idea. I had yet to think of a good replacement for it, but I was looking for one. "Translators, architects, mathematicians, philosophers, historians… they will all find a home in my library. To learn from my hoard of wisdom, and to add to it."

Morrigan hummed, curious about the project but not as invested in it as I was. And I was invested. The groundwork was already being laid as I stumbled towards my end goal. My crippled warriors would reposition themselves to a more supporting role. First, they would become translators. Architects. People of learning that would learn everything that they could from the Romans. That would form the foundation for the order of scribes that would oversee my library.

It wouldn't be for everyone, I knew. Most were trying merely because I asked and they wished to make themselves useful. But that didn't mean that they had the aptitude for what I was asking of them. And that was fine. I needed a way to sort out who had a talent for what anyway.

It was clumsy and wasteful, but I was here to learn from my failures.

Taking a step back, I looked at my current project -- a raven that would be perched over the stone doorway to the library. Its wings spread out wide, its head looking down at those who passed under it… it would be another long term project. My first large sculpture since I have been practicing with smaller stones for a few months now. I wasn't that good yet, much to my chagrin. There was too much for me to do and simply not enough hours in the day for me to practice constantly.

Especially when it came to detail work.

"An order dedicated to Odin, hm? Like those Christian monks?" Morrigan questioned and out of the corner of my expanded vision, I saw her smiling lightly as Huginn and Muninn hopped into her offered hands before she deposited the birds on her shoulder, who then nestled themselves in the raven feathers of her dress. She named the birds for Odin's ravens…

And I wondered if Odin looked through his ravens like Morrigan did. The thought was enough to make me jealous and regret that I didn't take the boon when it had been offered some time ago. Almost at the very start of my journey.

"Maybe. Perhaps not in so many words, but something similar? I want to build a place of learning where anyone can come. To do that, I need dedicated teachers." I'm uncertain that making it a religious order was the wisest choice, mostly because of what I had experienced at the hands of Christians.

My frustration got to me and I carved too deeply for a feather. Instantly, I saw the shape of what the stone want to be shift, becoming what it could be. It was a minor difference, but it was a stark one. What Lay Within felt like a burden as much as it did a blessing when it came to this -- my hands weren't yet clever enough to bring out what the stone could be. It was frustrating.

However, I took a breath and continued my work. Getting over the desire for perfection was the most difficult part of art, I found. Even if the pieces I had sculpted earned some praise, I could only see the mistakes I had made. A leg too skinny, a wing longer than the other, or in this case, a feather that wasn't like the others.

"Whatever it will be, I want to get the bones of it ready now," I said, continuing to carve away at the stone. Even if the detail work was far slower than carving the outline, I found that I was much faster than others I had seen in my visits to the University. In the time I struck a dozen times, another would strike once. Or less.

Morrigan hummed, "There is a lot of that going around," she noted.

"This was what I meant to happen when we arrived at this land. Until now, we've been distracted," I pointed out, knowing exactly what she meant. With war no longer on the horizon, or my problem, I could finally work on the projects that I wanted. Slowly making progress on a dozen different things and trying them out to see what worked and what didn't.

Olek brought a concern to me recently -- the recruits that Gerald brought back would be a mixed bunch and I saw enough of the immigration to Norland to agree with him. For every second or third son we saw from someone of relative means who were attempting to make their own way in the world, we had a hundred desperate people seeking a new start. I imagined the people Gerald brought back would be no different.

As such, he wanted to impose much higher standards for entry in my army and I was inclined to agree with him. Precious few had slowed us down or proven unworthy, but it couldn't be denied that some were simply more suited to war than others. With another influx of warriors, Olek feared that those with talent would be drowned out, so he was looking for a way to weed out the hopeless cases. We hadn't settled on anything yet, but Astrid had started working with him to help establish a system that would enable her to use her blessing more effectively.

If I had to describe everything at the moment, then I would describe it as a state of change. My army was changing. Norland was changing. Jill, Astrid, Morrigan, and even I were changing.

I was looking forward to the next steps, I decided, finishing off the beak of the raven. It would take me weeks to finish the piece. Fast by most standards, but slow for me because I had so little time.

"Hm. In that case, I prefer being distracted," Morrigan replied, stroking the baby bird on her shoulder that snuggled with his brother. "It… vexes me that you bend to their wishes." The 'they' in question was easy to make out. And I knew what she was hinting at. A point of contention that had been slowly brewing.

"Norland will endure our departure," I replied, moving up from the beak to the eyes. "It'll be too valuable to tear down. And…" I trailed off, finding myself agreeing with Morrigan silently. "We are building this place. It's an experiment, but that doesn't mean that I don't value it. When we leave, I want the transfer of power to be… non destructive."

To that, Morrigan made a dismissive scoff. "Your responsibility to this place ends when you leave. Everything that comes after is the will of the gods and the people who made choices. Informed choices." She pointed out as a raven's eye slowly took shape. A gentle layering of stone to give depth to the sculpture.

"By the time we leave, most of the people that live here will be Romans and Abbasids," I replied. Most. I expected some would stay behind. People that found the weather favorable, those that found a life. Those willing to convert to the Christian God or the Islamic Allah. Then there would be those that were not eligible to join my army -- the families of soldiers, or those that wanted to fight but didn't make the cut. "Odds are that as soon as we leave, this city will be the spark that sets off another war between them."

Immigration was slower than I would like, but about what I expected. Word had spread that I was developing the island of Crete. Villages were being established while industries to process the goods they produced were up and running. Those goods were in turn being sold to the Romans and Abbasids via a trade network -- Michalis in Rome, while Hadi- or, rather, Hadi's wife Sheba, worked in the Caliphate. It was a time of opportunity for many. People that had few prospects were pulling up stakes to move here where they hoped to find a future.

However, what I was… was a constant reminder. I was a pagan. An outsider. Neither Christian nor Muslim, so only the most desperate found themselves willing to come to my lands. Them, and spies sent by either the Romans or the Abbasids.

"Building churches and temples and mosques is a way to deal with that? When we cannot even build a temple to our gods?" Morrigan shot back, an angry edge in her tone that I knew wasn't entirely directed at me. "You risk the wrath of the gods, Siegfried. Even you."

I didn't think she was wrong. The citizens of Rome wanted a church to worship in. The citizens from the Caliphate wanted a mosque to worship in. The Christians didn't want the Muslims to have a mosque. The Muslims didn't want the Christians to have a church. The one thing they seemed to agree on was that the Jews shouldn't have a temple, and neither should we.

The way I was considering to deal with the brewing mess was just to build them a church, mosque, and temple each so everyone would be happy they got what they wanted and unhappy that their enemies got what they wanted. Which ran into an issue that the gods, so far, had been silent on. I would be building places of worship for everyone's gods but my own.

I lowered my hands, "I know. I'm working on it," I offered because I don't think my original plan of a secret temple would work- at least, not entirely. I couldn't be seen building religious buildings for other religions and not my own, because that would be suspicious. My current idea was to continue with the secret temple, build an overt temple that I expected would eventually be converted into a church or mosque, while dedicating buildings to the gods. At the very least, it would increase the odds that something of my gods would remain.

Morrigan offered a noncommittal hum at that, accepting the answer for what it was. We lapsed into a more comfortable silence that was only broken by the ravens and my chisel. Slowly but surely, the raven was being revealed from the stone. My hands were steady, moving with purpose, and I let myself imagine what it would look like in all of its glory.

The raven would sit above the arch of the main entrance. Rich dark oak double doors. The grounds would one day be surrounded by statues and art, the halls decorated for the achievements of students that would learn and discover because of this library. The building itself would have a wide base, a deep cellar, and a tall tower in the center of it. It would lay in the heart of Norland.

As I imagined, I didn't fail to notice Olek approaching us. His face was set in his usual glower, though he did seem particularly annoyed at the moment. He came to a stop, waiting for me to finish, and with a few more taps, I inspected the eye. It was almost perfect. Not quite there, but almost. "More mercenaries?" I asked him, looking at one of my commanders.

"Aye. This one is a bit different. A woman for one," he informed. "And from what I've seen of her crew… they're worth considering," he said, and that was the highest praise that I had heard from him. Which meant this band of mercenaries was something special.

While the average citizen only came to Crete if they were desperate, every mercenary in the Mediterranean was coming to us in droves. I had sacked several cities, and word was slowly spreading of my deeds in Francia and at Ravenfeast Valley. I had earned a noble name. I had lands. And I paid very well. Many saw me as their ticket to success. Which is why I had Olek testing how we would sort out the Norsemen and the mercenaries.

"If you say she's worth recruiting, then I'll take your word for it," I told him. "Her name?"

"Kassandra. Or so the boy tells me," Olek replied. "She leads a band of fifty men. All who made the cut. She has an eye for talent."

To that, I chuckled, "She must have really impressed you for you to compliment her so freely." To that, Olek grunted.

"So long as she doesn't do something stupid, she'll impress you." He offered with an indifferent shrug. "Can't say how far they're willing to go with us, but I can find a use for them in the meantime." To that, I nodded.

I didn't expect there would be many mercenaries that would be willing to join me when I sailed back to Denmark. However, it did seem a shame to not take advantage of them while we were here. Some could join us, and if the majority didn't, then they could serve whoever took lordship over Norland after I left. Either way, they were useful.

"Do so. Also," I spoke up, glancing at him. "I've spoken to Alexios about training. He pointed me in the direction of the gladiators and Spartans."

Olek frowned, "The men we slaughtered when we arrived? They did not impress," he pointed out. I agreed with him on that account.

"The Spartans were said to be the greatest warriors in the world at one point. They fell from grace because they got fat and arrogant, but what they were is still an example worth looking at." Most of their tactics wouldn't be of much use, as the phalanx wasn't as powerful as it once was, but how they trained their soldiers was worth learning from. Parts of it, at least. How Rome trained gladiators was useful as well -- weight training, rest days, and eating certain foods.

The army was changing. I had already done away with the factionalism, uniting what had been dozens of mercenaries and second sons from two nations into a single unified army. Now, I sought to elevate that army.

"I'll translate the texts and give them to you. Tell me your thoughts on them," I said, and Olek nodded before both of us caught a glimpse of someone running down towards us. I frowned, recognizing him as a messenger. "Is there something wrong?" I asked, seeing that the man ran until he was breathless.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed! It's Princess Astrid!" My guard went all the way up, but I still felt blindsided when he continued after a gasp.

"She's in labor!"

…

Fear. It wasn't something that I was accustomed to, I realized. It had been a very long time since I felt the cold grip of dread grip my heart in a vice. I used to feel fear on the battlefield, but exposure had lessened that fear into nothing as I always emerged victorious. What I felt now was enough to drive me to my knees, and when I heard a pained cry through the door of the birthing room, it was almost enough to make a coward out of me.

I found that I couldn't remain in one place, walking the halls in a furious loop. The longhouse was silent except for Astrid, and I couldn't tell if that was a blessing or not. Part of me, a large part, wanted to take action, only there was no action that I could take. Morrigan had unceremoniously shoved me out of the room, barring me from it, and as much as I would like to, I didn't dare challenge her authority when it came to this. Morrigan was young, but she was a trained wise woman.

The fact that I would be just as restless in the birthing room as I was out here wasn't a helpful thought. I just wasn't used to feeling like… this. Like the outcome was completely out of my hands. Like I had no control. The Norns wove our fates, our lives were ultimately theirs to decide what to do with in the great tapestry that was the world, and perhaps it was arrogance on my part… But I had rarely felt like I needed to fear the Norn's sheers.

I felt confident that they would not be done with me at least until I slew Horrik and Thorfinn. I didn't go out of my way to tempt them into cutting the thread of my life early, but I had a quiet certainty that whatever my fate may hold, I would have my vengeance if nothing else.

But this… This was different.

"How are you holding up?" Thorkell greeted me and my head whipped around to look at him, having failed to notice his arrival. My surprise must have shown because he chuckled, "Not well then. No surprise there." I fought off a scowl at his casual tone while he took a seat at the long table I had been pacing around.

I didn't want to talk. I didn't want to act like nothing was wrong. I wanted to pace and be miserable until I was called upon to welcome my child into the world.

"Back home, your kin would be taking you out to get drunk right now. Or to go hunting to bring something back for the babe and your wife," Thorkell noted, and this time I did scowl. "It helps. In the end, there's nothing you can do, and that drives most men up the wall. It's a tradition."

That sounded vaguely familiar, but I had never experienced it myself. I was the youngest, and my one nephew… I had been cultivating a farm to impress Horrik when he had been born. Had Brandr gone through this? This feeling of helplessness? Of wanting to do something, anything, but finding there was simply nothing that he could do?

I wished that the gods would give me a quest. Something that I could accomplish for them to safeguard Astrid and welcome our child into the world. But so far the gods had been silent, and I couldn't tell if that was a good thing or not.

"There's nothing to hunt on this barren island except goats," I muttered as my pacing resumed.

"And I've never seen you get drunk, so that won't work either," Thorkell agreed. To that, I snorted. "What exactly has got you so wound up-"

"GET OUT OF ME YOU LITTLE BASTARD!" Came Astrid's furious shout and I nearly jumped out of my skin. Thorkell seemed worried for a moment, but when there were no follow up shouts he seemed more amused than anything. Then he held up his hands in surrender at my annoyed look.

"Astrid is a tough woman. Having a child is never easy on anyone, but if there's ever going to be anyone that makes it through it then it'll be her," Thorkell offered. It was less reassuring than he intended, but it was also more than I expected. "But, it's not just that, is it? I've seen plenty of fathers-to-be, and this is different from the usual fears."

To my annoyance, he wasn't wrong. I chewed on my thoughts for a long minute, not even sure how to start. "My child… son or daughter… Alfreric said something to me after Ravenfeast. How my child would forever be in my shadow. What if he is right? What if my child resents me? My brother does…" I muttered to myself as much as I did to Thorkell. Haldur rejoiced in my failures as much as I did my victories.

Thorkell scratched at his cheek, and I could tell he didn't have an easy reassurance. Because Alfreric was right. We both knew it. I had waved off the concern by saying some empty words, but now that my child's arrival was imminent… I realized just how hollow they were. In the end, Thorkell could only shrug. "That's the burden of having a famous father. Do your best to share the glory with him?"

My gaze was flat at the advice and Thorkell winced. But, before he could say anything, another cry pierced the air.

The cry of a baby.

My heart lunched in my chest and I found it hard to breathe, freezing mid step as if I had been turned into stone. More cries followed and my mind was blank, I couldn't even think a single thought until Morrigan opened the door and closed it behind her. There was some blood on her hands and I feared the worst when her golden eyes landed on me.

"She survived the birth. It was an easy one," Morrigan stated and I found that difficult to believe. I've heard men dying who sounded like they weren't in as much pain. "They are cleaning the baby now," she said and I stumbled when she offered a slight smile, "You're a father."

Thorkell clapped me on the back with a victorious laugh, sending me towards the door. I struggled to find my voice, "Can I?" I started, gesturing to the door. Morrigan nodded, stepping out of my way. I swallowed a lump in my throat before pushing the door open.

Astrid looked like she had been through a battle. Her white shift was marked with sweat, she was pale even as she was red from exertion. In her arms, as she sat in a chair carved from wood and layered with furs, was a small bundle. I only noticed that I was moving forward when she glanced up at me, offering a dazzling smile before showing me what the bundle of cloth contained. "We have a son," Astrid introduced, passing me the swaddled child.

My child.

I was a father.

It didn't feel real, I decided as I looked down at my son. He was a reddish pink, with a tuft of thin red hair upon his head and chubby cheeks. I was left simply staring at him, not sure what to say. Or do. Luckily, Astrid did. "He's a boy, so you get to name him. Did you settle on anything?"

That was the agreement we made, I recalled, but every name I had considered flew out of my skull along with my wits, it felt like. I swallowed thickly, considering it as I held my son. My first born. All the names that I had considered suddenly felt unworthy of him. Despite what I had told Thorkell, I suddenly wanted to conquer the entire world just so I could give it to him.

But first I had to give him a name.

"After one of my brothers. My eldest," I decided, speaking in a low whisper, worried the sound of my voice would wake him.

Astrid perked up, "Brandr?" She said, looking confused when I shook my head.

"I had another brother who died when I was young. There was a cold snap and a false spring, killing our crops in the dirt. It was a hard year for my family. All of us went hungry, but my eldest brother… he wouldn't eat to make sure the rest of us had enough. I likely only survived because of him. But, for his kindness, his body weakened and he perished," I said, feeling my child wiggle in the cloth he was wrapped in until one of his arms escaped. I smiled as I offered a finger and his small hand latched onto it.

To him, I spoke to. "I will name you in his honor. From this day onward, your name shall be…"

"Ragnar."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, Andell and 836 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Start of Something New New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 10, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,847
Six months could pass deceptively quickly, I discovered. It felt like nothing more than a blink of an eye looking back at the months that went by, but at the same time, so much happened during that time. Winter once again came and went with barely any notice except for the celebrations of my people. It didn't even get cold enough to put a true chill in the air. During this time, all of my projects had taken massive strides towards completion.

Norlands prosperity had only increased. As the year long truce was rapidly approaching its end, there were many on the border between the empires that feared that their homes would be destroyed. Most retreated further into their respective empires, but I found quite a few making their way to Norland. The population of my town was swelling, eclipsing ten thousand ordinary citizens without counting my army.

The mercenaries that flocked to my banner were being integrated into the city, becoming its guard and men-at-arms. It was a slow trickle, as few met my standards, but that trickle was still something. The town itself was thriving as my trade ships were in full swing, visiting every port in the Mediterranean, loading themselves with goods before coming back at my market.

Olek and Astrid's project to reform the army was making progress as well. Olek was rather fond of the gladiatorial training method, and we tweaked it to suit our desires. The week for my standing army was now broken up between days of exercise and rest days. On the first day of the week, my army would lift heavy stones for hours at a time. On the second, they would recover. On the third, they would run laps through a designated trail in their armor, or carrying heavy packs. On the fourth day, they rested. On the fifth was more weight training and sparring. The sixth day was for rest. And the seventh was light exercise to prepare for another long week.

The men grumbled, but most accepted the training plan. Olek was looking to implement his own ideas on the lighter days – drilling tactics, formations, and survival skills into the men.

Six months was enough to make the effects known on the army. They were stronger, they had vastly more endurance, and they fought better in training.

However, that wasn't all that had changed. "This is going to be a road," I told Ragnar while he sat on my lap as we overlooked one of my latest projects. "Merchants from all over the world will come right here to sell treasures from their homeland. Roads will make it easier for them to move around, and when things are easier, it makes people want to do them." I continued to explain to my son, though I knew that he didn't understand a word yet. Even if he did, he was too busy chewing on the wooden warrior I had carved for him to play with.

I had adopted the Roman method of road construction, which involved a long trench being dug up and filled. The base layer was sand, followed by a layer of gravel, then a layer of crushed clay and mortar, followed by a layer of cement, with the uppermost layer being stone or concrete bricks. It was a large project, but I found that I had the workforce for it. It was also excellent training for a burgeoning part of my army. A contingent of engineers.

Which led me to borrowing an idea I saw from King Widukind – using my army as a construction force. It helped train my engineers and it got my men used to the physical labor. Some of the accounts I had read of Roman General's were defined by their ability to build over treacherous terrain or construct massive fortresses wherever they happened to be.

"We were lucky. Crete has good stone that we can quarry from. There's a lot of marble, so that is what Norland shall be built with," I continued, resting a hand on Ragnar as I urged my horse forward to get a better view of the ongoing project. It would take a few years, but one day all of Norland would have stone roads. For now, we were starting with a main road that led from the harbor to the Longhouse and library.

The library was another project that was coming along well. The foundation was set and my men were building the framework. I could already imagine what it would look like once finished, and my scribes were already working to create copies of texts to fill it with. Six months was enough time for those with a talent for learning and translating to make themselves known, and I had them working to train others while working on the hoard of knowledge at my disposal.

"Your father is helping them build it all. Learning from the mistakes we make along the way, because there are some things not even the Romans know. Nor the Abbasids, for that matter." I continued, speaking to my son as if he could understand me. "That is very important – you have to learn from your mistakes. It's not failure to make a mistake, but it is if you repeat it."

In response, Ragnar gargled a giggle as he determinedly chewed on the head of his toy warrior. His first teeth had already started to come in, and since then, he had been constantly chewing on anything he could get his hands on. I glanced down at him, my hand rested on his stomach to keep him close. His red hair had filled out, and he looked up at me with Astrid's blue eyes.

A decision I had put off for six months tickled in the back of my head, and I found that I still had no idea what I should do with it.

Family Legacies have been unlocked!

Secure your Dynasty by giving your descendants bonuses that shall endure so long as your bloodline does.

Breeding: Children have a 30% increased chance of inheriting positive traits from parents. Children have a 30% increased chance of inheriting new positive genes. Children have a 30% decreased chance of inheriting negative traits.

Customs: Dynasty members learn foreign languages 50% easier for second language. Third language decreases to 25%. Fourth language decreases to 10%.

Martial: Children gain martial experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Diplomacy: Children gain diplomatic experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Stewardship: Children gain stewardship experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Intrigue: Children gain intrigue experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Learning: Children gain experience in all skills 5% faster between the ages of 1-18.

It was a boon from the gods. A way to safeguard my Dynasty. Each choice acted as a boon that would help my children and grandchildren grow into themselves. Perhaps to even step out of my shadow. However, I was paralyzed with indecision on what exactly I should pick.

Legacies worked almost like Prestige, only it had its own separate resource called Renown. How I gathered Renown was a bit strange – it was tied to titles. Leadership. I didn't have very much of it, only 250, and most of that stemmed from my time as a mercenary captain. I had earned some as lord of Crete as well, but it was a slight increase and the two sources didn't stack. It only factored the largest source. As it was, I earned some once a month, and at the rate I did so, I wouldn't gain another Legacy for years.

That was where my children came into play. As the description said, a hundred of the highest ranking members of my Dynasty would contribute to the monthly total. If I became a king, I would earn one Renown a month. If the highest rank of a hundred of my kin is that of a king, the total my Dynasty received would increase to a hundred Renown a month. It made gaining additional Legacies far more feasible given that there would be a slight increase in price with each boon taken.

Given the logistics of the task, I doubted I could make a hundred kings for my Dynasty. Nor did I think I should. Meaning that there were only so many Legacies that I could acquire in my lifetime and so I had to make them count. Especially when each Legacy unlocked better Legacies in the same… tree. Picking Martial would allow my children to master war with far greater ease. Learning would allow them to learn everything slightly more easily, but how much of a difference would 5% really make?

Was it worth taking a less immediately useful Legacy now in the hopes that the later options would make up for it?

If I chose Breeding, would the bonuses apply to Ragnar? Because I found the thought of any child in my family being born free of ailment an appealing one.

I didn't know. So, for six months, I hesitated to make a decision. I had time. Most of the bonuses didn't start to apply until Ragnar turned one year old at the earliest.

"It'd be an easier choice to make if you could tell me what you wanted," I told him, patting him on the belly and earning a gummy smile with a few milk teeth. "Will you be a warrior? A scholar? A merchant?" I asked him, trying to get a hint but my son offered none. And even six months later, the thought didn't fail to exhilarate me – my son. With a shake of my head, I knew I wouldn't make a decision now. "There is still time to decide."

For now, I dismissed the window and continued to overlook the grounds. "The dwarves have yet to contact me now that I am lord of this land. So, until then, I am helping myself to their treasures." I continued, speaking to Ragnar. The dwarves would care little for stone, but they would guard their precious metals and jewels jealously. So far, there didn't seem to be any on Crete, which could explain why I hadn't been contacted. The dwarves simply saw no value in dwelling beneath the soil of this island.

As my horse marched forward, I saw the stone houses that were being built. The road layout had to be established beforehand, while rents were decided. The whole town was up and running as it transformed itself from a hastily constructed village to a deliberately designed town. And soon, a city. All the while the issues that cropped up were meticulously recorded.

Drainage issues. Noise complaints. Problems with the street layouts. Accessibility. Building placement. Market placement. Where foot traffic was at its worst and why some parts of the city hardly saw any. Resource expenditure. Guard patrols. Reported crimes. And, the greatest issue of all…

Religious tension.

My presence acted as a bucket of cold water over burning flames, but the most I could do is reduce the flames to embers. And only temporarily. The issues were slowly becoming worse as the population of Muslims and Christians started to match the number of my people. It emboldened them. There were little signs of it as I made my way through Norland, the people parting for me.

Arguments were interrupted. The guards reported discrimination -- Christians barring Muslims from their stores, Muslims refusing to sell Christians their wares in turn. There were even some attacks. And I knew the issues would only get worse when the empires clashed or if I set sail with my army to raid once more.

True Sight marked out a number of people that were red. Some of which were being escorted away by some guards -- one of which was Kassandra, the woman Olek had mentioned. She reminded me of Astrid, only with darker colored skin, hair, and eyes. One thing in particular that reminded me of my wife was how she was handling one of the men that had been getting ready to throw stones at newly arriving Muslims.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed," she greeted with a small curt nod as we passed.

"He's another instigator. Give him to Morrigan's people," I informed, not even slowing down. Fear flickered across the man's face, realizing he had been caught, but Kassandra's grip was like iron. There were plenty like him. I'm not sure if it was a single plot or a dozen that all had the same goal -- to use the religious tension to give me headaches. Which was why I was was giving him to Morrigan.

Six months was also enough time for her projects to start seeing results. She'd tapped into Michalis' network of merchants and spies while developing her own small group of people to help investigate what plots she discovered. I'm not entirely sure what she was doing with them -- the prisoners or her group -- but Morrigan had fully embraced her role as a spy master.

"Of course. Also, my lord, there was a report from our patrol fleet -- a Frankish ship is heading to Norland. They're coming to speak to you," she informed, and I frowned.

"Thank you," I replied, not sure what to make of the message as I continued on. My merchant ships had started visiting Francia by its southernmost border. Though, they did so by wearing crosses and falsely proclaiming themselves to be Christians to get better deals. So if it was a merchant vessel I could understand, but that didn't sound like what this was.

I shifted directions, heading up to the Longhouse and smiling lightly as I led my horse onto the stone roads that had already been completed. It was proof that Norland was slowly becoming the town that I wanted it to be. I might even see it fully realized by the time we set sail for Denmark. It almost made me want to rebuild the Longhouse because by the time Norland was done, it would be the shabbiest building in the city.

Grabbing Ragnar by the back of his shirt, I picked him up and got off the horse, carrying him into the Longhouse. The doors were opened for me and it was there I saw Astrid and Jasmine amusing themselves.

"I was wondering where you got off too," Astrid said, lowering the sword that she had been using. Now that she was free of Ragnar, she had taken up swordplay with almost religious fervor, having missed it greatly. But she was happy nonetheless to set it aside to rush over, taking Ragnar from me and planting a kiss on his cheek even as he wielded his toy as a cudgel and tried to bludgeon her with it.

Jasmine was seated at a nearby table, a book in her lap as she smiled softly at us. "What did little Ragnar think of his lands?" Jasmine asked, and I snorted.

"He found them dreadfully uninteresting I think," I replied. As time passed, Jasmine seemed to find herself more at ease. She spent more time with Jill and Astrid. They were becoming friends, I think. Or they were friends. Even her pet tiger started to relax, and now he was coiled around Jasmine like a large house cat.

It made things difficult for me, in a way. Because the truce had but a few months left and that put me in a awkward position. Jasmine was my hostage, but she was also the hostage of the Roman Empire. Her life was being used as a shield to keep the Abbasids at bay. If the Abbasids attacked, or in the more likely case, the Romans did… her life was expected to be forfeit. I would be expected to kill her.

"Perhaps he would enjoy a story more? I've been reading about the wisdoms of King Solomon. He might take after his father when it comes to books," Jasmine offered, holding up the book to show a leather bound cover, the title written in Arabic. I could barely make it out -- Arabic was a difficult language to read, I found. It was very different from Nordic runes, Latin, or Greek.

"If he doesn't, then at the very least maybe it could help him sleep," I replied. Since his teeth started coming in, Ragnar had been restless and in pain. Which he usually let everyone know in the dead of night.

Jasmine flashed a smile at that while I caught Ragnar's toy when he threw it, before he could get upset that he threw it, and gave it back to him.

Jasmine was proving to be something of a surprise. It started slowly, but I think she had realized the depths of her ignorance that day on the farm. Since then, more often than not, I found her with a book or a scroll, usually one of the texts that her brother had sent over as part of our deal. She was also helping me learn to read Arabic, and I found her to be a much better teacher than Alim.

"We will be receiving guests today. Has anyone told Jill?" I asked, watching as Astrid took a seat on the floor and let Ragnar loose -- he started crawling immediately, determined to explore the Longhouse once more.

"She's already getting everything ready," Astrid replied, a smile in her voice as she watched Ragnar. "The scouts said they were Frankish. Should we be concerned? You didn't make a lot of friends there," she noted and I took a seat in my throne, considering the possibility.

Much like myself, Charlemagne hadn't been idle the past few years.

"If Charlemagne wants revenge, there are easier targets," I said, my lips thinning. Since the rebellion, Charlemagne had been stomping out a few of his own. We had tarnished his reputation, defeated several of his armies, and delivered his first true loss on the battlefield. His nobles, sensing weakness, attempted to pounce on the opportunity.

Instead, they found themselves crushed. Their lands were stripped from them, their families either killed or forced to serve the church as nuns or priests. Interestingly, instead of giving out the newly acquired lands, Charlemagne retained ownership of them. He appointed something he called a vicelord over those lands, who would rule them in his name for a number of years. Though there was another name I had heard them being called.

False Lords.

There was trouble brewing in the Frankish Empire, but time was revealing that Charlemagne was even stronger than he had been before the Saxon Rebellion. Resentful lords had been replaced by men appointed by Charlemagne, who owed him personal loyalty for any success they found. And if any were found to be incompetent or treacherous, Charlemagne gave himself legal means to remove their temporary lordship for any reason he deemed satisfactory.

"I don't think he desires vengeance. He wants something else," I said and, despite myself, I was very curious what these messengers had to say.

I didn't have to wait that long to find out. Some hours later, the Frankish ship pulled into my harbor and the envoys stepped off and made the trek up to the Longhouse. I received a description of them as they approached, and what I heard only raised doubts. Doubts that were blown away when the double doors swung open and I was greeted by two very familiar faces.

One wore a simple priest's robe and an adorned hat that I recognized as something that marked him as a Christian Bishop. He was thinner than when I last saw him, and he had grown a short beard. He carried himself with a quiet confidence, but it was undercut by hints of uncertainty as his gaze met mine.

He was joined by a warrior wearing plate armor, wielding a short metal spear while a long braid of light pink hair peeked out of the helm he wore.

I couldn't keep my disbelief out of my voice when I greeted them. "Otto? Astolfo?"

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump, mohsin and 861 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 10, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Deals with the Devil
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,902
Out of everyone that could have arrived on the ship, the very last people I expected it to be were Otto and Astolfo. I hadn't seen Otto since the revenge killings in Francia where I had helped him and some prisoners escape the coming slaughter. We didn't part on great terms, even if he was thankful for helping some Franks escape. The last I heard, he was part of King Charlemagne's court but I never heard specifics.

Astolfo was a bit different. We'd parted ways after the war ended, when I ransomed her back to Charlemagne. We had left each other on amicable terms, but I never expected to see her again unless it was on opposite sides of the battlefield. She was too loyal to King Charlemagne, and I knew eventually the Frankish king would want to avenge his defeat in Saxony.

So, I was rather surprised that of all the people that Charlemagne could have sent, he chose two that I knew personally. I couldn't tell if that was a good thing or not.

"Lord Siegfried," Otto greeted me with a tentative, uncertain smile. It seemed that he was as uncertain as to where we stood with one another as I was. "It is good to see you again. Especially under these circumstances -- neither a raid, nor am I a slave," he jested and I found myself grinning at the joke.

Astolfo waved at me, taking off her helmet to cast an annoyed expression in my direction. "What happened to you being itty-bitty? You're not a little kid anymore!" She complained and my grin grew a fraction, becoming outright smug because now I was taller than her. The others, everyone else in the Longhouse -- Jill, Astrid, Morrigan, and Jasmine all watched. We were speaking in Frankish and only Morrigan could speak the language. Though, Jill seemed to recognize Otto.

"I grew up," I replied, lounging in my throne before looking at Otto. "It is good to see you again, Otto. Truly. I'm glad to see that you have been well," I said, gesturing to the hat he now wore.

At that, Otto began to relax. "I have been blessed with the attention of King Charlemagne and for my labors, I have been made a bishop of the faith. It is a high honor," he added, not entirely sure if I knew what it signified. Unfortunately for me, I was far more knowledgeable of the Christian faith than I had ever wanted to be. "But I am not the only one that has been well. Norland is becoming a beautiful town, and you have grown into a man. I hear you even have a son?"

"Ragnar," I confirmed. It was strange, meeting Otto like this. He wasn't wrong about how we usually met -- both times we'd encountered each other before, I was sacking a church. After that, he was first a slave, and the second time he was under my protection. This was the first time we met as equals.

I respected him greatly. In my experience so far, Christians were usually a frustrating bunch. The same for Muslims, though to a lesser extent if only because the Abbasids were actively courting me away from the Romans. But l didn't respect Otto because he was a good Christian. I respected him because he was a good man who was a Christian.

At the mention of his name, Ragnar perked up in Astrid's arms and started to squirm. Astolfo's face lit up at the sight of my son, "Aw! He looks just like you! Grumpy scowl and everything!" She gushed, and under different circumstances, I'm certain that she would have skipped over to get a better look at my son. But, as it was, she was here as an official envoy from Francia, so even her casualness extended only so far.

"So I have been told. While it is good to see both of you again, I doubt King Charlemagne sent you here merely for a reunion," I ventured and, to that, it was Otto who nodded.

"We come bearing several messages from King Charlemagne, Lord Siegfried. Some of which are… sensitive in nature. If we could speak in private?" Otto requested and I mulled it over for only a moment before nodding. I was curious what exactly the Frankish King wanted to say to me. Or wanted from me. For my part, I wasn't entirely sure what I felt for Charlemagne. Part of me couldn't help but admire him for being one of the greatest kings of our age. To the point that I was certain his name would follow the greats, such as Caesar or Octavian.

But he was also undeniably my enemy. And given the defeats I had handed him during the rebellion, I'm fairly certain that he considered me much the same.

We relocated to my study, with Jill, Astrid, and Alim to act as a translator. Morrigan didn't say it, but I knew she was inspecting the envoys for plots. Otto took a seat across from me while Astolfo very pointedly left her spear by the door. A declaration of intent.

Once we were seated, Otto began to explain. "Officially speaking, we are here to inspect Norland to ensure that the needs of Christians are being met -- physically and spiritually. There has been some concern in Francia when people learned of your presence in Crete. They feared a pagan settlement led by you to the South."

That, I fully expected. It was very much in line with the same complaints that I got from the Romans. And the Abbasids, when they thought I wasn't listening. I didn't really begrudge them for it. Christians wanted to be ruled by Christians, Muslims wanted to be ruled by Muslims, and Jews wanted to be ruled by Jews. Likewise, as a Pagan, I would wish to be ruled by a Pagan.

"Those fears have been abated when we learned you built a church. Even if it caused a great deal of confusion," Otto admitted, and Astolfo snorted.

"He's underplaying it. After your rampage in Francia, when people learned you were building a church and not sacrificing Christians to your gods, they were convinced it was the end of days." That seemed a little excessive, but I would take it.

"Quite so," Otto admitted easily. "Though, may I ask… why have you decided to build a church?" He asked, seemingly interested.

I knew what he wanted to hear, but he would be disappointed. "To stop the complaining, mostly," I replied. "They were already building their own in private. I don't begrudge anyone their right to worship, so long as they don't begrudge me my right to worship my own gods." That was the summary of my thoughts so far. I found Christians to be annoying, mostly because they discriminated so freely, but I didn't particularly dislike the Christian God. I couldn't say I understood him very well, but I bore neither him nor his worshipers any particular ill will.

Otto did seem a bit disappointed that I hadn't converted, but he wasn't surprised either. "I understand. Then the tales of you building synagogues and mosques are also true?"

"They will be. I'm still working out the logistics of it," I admitted. "Part of me wants to build them all close together and out of the way. The rest of me recognizes that's a terrible idea."

"Depends on what you consider terrible. Bunch 'em all up, and only that part of the town would burn itself down," Astolfo gave her endorsement. Which was my concern.

My library came first, but I was looking at establishing a district for religious matters. There, a temple for my gods would openly be displayed alongside a church, a mosque, and a synagogue for the Jews. Perhaps even a temple for this Buddhism religion the Monk Gyatso was a member of. We hadn't spoken at any great length yet because, as it so happened, he only spoke a language that I didn't. And I was currently learning how to write Arabic in addition to my other projects so I wouldn't be learning his language any time soon.

"I'm considering building aqueducts to make putting out the fires easier," I said with a small sigh. It was worth a try, just to explore the option of coexistence, but I fully expected the district would burn itself down the moment I left. "But, as far as the official reason for your visit -- you can inspect the town yourself to decide your own findings."

"What of the secondary reasons for your visit?" Jill questioned, using Alim as a translator. I was fairly surprised to find that he was still with us six months later. I was almost certain that Zafir would ransom him, but the offer never came. The reason why was something of a guess that was half confirmed by Morrigan -- Alim was being left to keep an eye on Princess Jasmine. And, when the time came, to serve as a helper when the Abbasids tried to rescue her.

"There are two offers. The one I think you would find most appealing is an offer to raid the Umayyad Caliphate," Astolfo spoke up, and that caught my attention. Charlemagne wanted to use me as a mercenary? That was… surprising. "Don't look so shocked, Sieg. You gave him plenty of reasons to respect what you can do on the battlefield, and we've heard about Ravenfeast."

Fair enough. Charlemagne did strike me as a practical sort of man, for all of his religious zeal. "What exactly would he have me do?" I asked, wanting to get an idea what exactly I was in for. I had little interest in another long term contract.

Astolfo replied, sounding like she was reciting something. "King Charlemagne intends to make a substantial push into the Umayyad Caliphate. For the past couple of years, it's been a give and take -- we take a city, we lose a city, we take it back, and so on. A big part of it is the fact that the army has to return each year, which leaves the area vulnerable."

"He doesn't intend to leave this time?" I ventured, and Astolfo nodded.

"He's committing to a long campaign now that we've crushed the rebels. His goal is to secure a large swath of Iberia- or, rather, the silver mines the area," Astolfo admitted. I wasn't sure that she was supposed to tell me that much, but I doubted that it was an accident by Charlemagne. He wanted me to know his plans.

I leaned into my seat while Alim translated the words-

… Alim knew Frankish?

The thought caught me by surprise and I glanced at him, hearing him translate Frankish with some effort. His Frankish wasn't as good as his Norse or Arabic, but it was perfectly serviceable. I just had no idea when or where he'd managed to learn it.

The distraction only lasted a moment before I refocused on the issue at hand rather than Alim's strangeness. "By that, you mean he will be too occupied to go after Saxony," I pointed out and Astolfo nodded happily.

"He said you'd figure it out!" Astolfo praised me and I hummed in thought. Even Charlemagne couldn't afford to launch two large scale wars on two separate ends of his country. The longer he was in Iberia taking bites out of the Caliphate there, the longer he wasn't preparing to attack Saxony again. He'd made an oath to not invade during his lifetime, but I don't think anyone truly expected for him to uphold it. "He also said…" Astolfo trailed off before she frowned. "That he'd say no to King Horrik's offer."

Jill stiffened the moment she heard her father's name, and I clenched my jaw hard enough my teeth ached. Astolfo saw the reaction but she continued all the same. "You left Denmark surrounded by your allies, and that's got him scared. He's offering to become a Christian and make Denmark a Christian nation in exchange for an alliance."

That… honorless dog. I was curious what kind of reaction my departure would inspire in Horrik, but he had managed to surpass even my lowest expectations of him. He was willing to betray the gods themselves for his own power. "Not making an alliance with my sworn enemy is what he shall pay me with?" I echoed, gripping my anger and swallowing it down. Likely with no small amount of help from Jill's Blessing. I respected both Otto and Astolfo, but I knew whatever reaction I gave would get back to Charlemagne.

Should Horrik's offer be accepted… the situation would become rather dire for King Widukind. King Charlemagne would use the opportunity to invade Saxony once more under the pretense of helping Denmark. Worse, Saxony would face an invasion on two fronts and I can't imagine that it had recovered from the rebellion.

Charlemagne was as good as saying, 'Help me or I undo your work in Saxony and strengthen your enemy.' It was a cunning move. I could respect it. But I was reminded just why I disliked Charlemagne.

"More or less, yeah," Astolfo admitted with some reluctance. She knew it was true, but found it distasteful. "Of course, that's not counting whatever you loot during your raids. King Charlemagne can tell you exactly what he wants done if you agree, but for the most part, you're going to be giving the Caliph some other places to be while we launch the invasion. Basically, we want you to do to the Umayyads what you did to us -- cause a huge ruckus in their territory and make us look like the lesser problem."

I watched Jill out of the corner of my eye, and saw she was hiding her emotions well. If I didn't know her as I did, I wouldn't have been able to tell how distressed she was about what her father was doing. I would have to speak to her about it later.

I disliked being used like this, but as annoying as I found it, I could recognize the opportunity. "When will the invasion happen? I have recruits coming that I intend on training here in Norland," I asked, thinking that Gerald should be due to arrive any day now. He, thankfully, didn't sail down during the winter, so he was likely somewhere down the Dnieper River at this point. Hopefully with a few thousand Norse warriors.

"It'll be around this time next year," Astolfo answered and that took care of my worst concern. I expected the war would resume between the Abbasids and Romans in a few short months, and I couldn't serve as a mercenary for two empires. "There will probably be some coordination between our army and yours, but for the most part, you're going to have free reign to rampage through the countryside." I doubted that it would be as simple as that.

Sacking cities was a tried and tested way to finance an army. At Rome's height, when Octavian was fighting to assume the throne of what would become the Empire of Rome, he had been beggared by the war against Anthony. Maintaining legions was simply too expensive, especially while constructing entire fleets. Towards the end of the war, capturing Alexandria for the treasure held there was every bit as important to Octavian's cause as defeating Anthony was.

I had thoroughly proven my ability to sack cities. Charlemagne had experienced that first hand. If Charlemagne intended to conquer the area he would want to see a more immediate pay off, and he wouldn't get it if I cleared out every major city before he got there.

This didn't feel like a trap. Not in so many words, but I had the feeling that I wasn't being told something important.

"I am amenable to the idea," I decided, and Astolfo looked visibly relieved. I wasn't sure how to take that. "I would need to discuss the specifics with King Charlemagne, and it cannot interfere with my current contract with Empress Irene." It was a dangerous opportunity, but it was still an opportunity. I would have more recruits coming and they would need to be blooded and given an opportunity to provide the metal for their weapons and armor.

The thought of dancing to Charlemagne's tune did leave a bitter taste in my mouth, but it'd be foolish to refuse out of mere spite.

Otto seemed pleased with my answer before picking up where Astolfo left off. "That would lead us to our second request. This is on my behalf, rather than King Charlemagne's. I have been given a quest on behalf of the Church, penned by Pope Adrian the First himself."

"A quest?" I asked, finding myself curious and Otto nodded seriously.

"There has been a growing division between the Church of the West and the Church of the East. The most obvious example is the Roman Empire's iconoclasm, which has Pope Adrian worried about a potential schism. There are other examples, deviations in grace or even in the Church hierarchy." Otto explained and I nodded, not entirely sure that I understood the issue. "We have been told that Emperor Constantine is an… iconophile?"

I tilted my head at that. I wasn't sure if I wanted to get involved in this. The Church didn't like me and I couldn't say I liked the Church very much either. However, it didn't sit right with me to deny Otto's request for aid either. "The boy doesn't have a thought in his head that his mother hasn't given him," I replied and Otto didn't seem particularly surprised, but he did seem saddened. "Empress Irene, however, is an iconophile so she will likely be amenable to any aid given to mending that… schism, as you called it."

"Then the rumors are true, then? She rules the empire?" Astolfo prompted and in response to that, I reached into my coin purse and fetched out a golden coin. Flicking it over to her, Astolfo caught it and inspected the surface. "Oh. Wow," she muttered under her breath.

That had been more or less my own reaction. "They're the newest coins from the mints," I said, which was why Astolfo wasn't aware. "For the last couple of months, Empress Irene has stopped bothering to hide behind her son. She's minting coins in her image and taking her son's place in ceremonies." As I spoke, Astolfo held up the coin which has a side profile of Irene, complete with a crown on her head.

There were mutterings of course. Resistance. But precious little was done to stop her.

"She's getting away with it because, as far as the Romans are concerned, they've just won a short war against the Abbasids," I said with a small shake of my head. I could understand why people thought it, however. To the common people, a massive army had invaded Anatolia and was rebuffed. Another army had been slaughtered in Crete by me. Then I sacked a number of Abbasid cities. It only took a small twist of the truth to make it sound like the Abbasids had been the ones to sue for a truce. "That, and she has been directing the nobility's ire at me so that they forget about her."

Which was why I was dealing with near constant sabotage and a steady stream of spies coming to Norland. The Romans only had room for so much anger and with it all directed at me, most of Irene's oversteps went unnoticed. The few that weren't tended to be forgotten about rather quickly, usually when 'The Pagan' did something.

It was annoying. And it was more annoying that Morrigan approved of the cunning gambit wholeheartedly.

Otto offered a gentle smile, "I imagine that she did not have to try very hard to manage that." I answered with a shrug, neither confirming or denying it. "In any case, I would be thankful for any aid you could give in this venture. Even if it's only a recommendation to… Empress Irene."

I knew I should probably refuse. The past six months had only been so idyllic because I had so little to do with the politics of the empire. I was content to work on my projects and make Norland prosper.

But I didn't want to refuse.

"If it's only a recommendation…" I figured with a small shrug of my shoulders. I would stay out of the religious matters and let the Christians sort themselves out. Otto was pleased, offering a thankful nod of his head.

It would be decades before I realized the magnitude of the decision I had so thoughtlessly made at that moment.

And I would come to regret it for decades more.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DragonCaster12, WolfHairJump and 761 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Confession
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#4,957
A meeting with the acting Empress wasn't something that could be demanded on a whim, even with the favor that I enjoyed. A letter of introduction had to be sent, Irene had to read it, and set a date for the meeting itself. It was a way to project power, I recognized. To those that she did not want to meet, she would set the meeting back months, or even years I had heard in some cases. The diplomats would be confined into small quarters so bare that a prisoner would take pity on them, with their every move watched by jailers in all but name.

For me, I could likely expect to see a prompt reply. If only because Irene knew the Abbasids were courting me and royal attention was a hard thing to beat. However, given the nature of my request, I expected the reply to take longer. She would wish to confer with her own priests and prepare for such an envoy.

And given the roundabout nature of the meeting… I'm guessing that all of this was being done under the table. Testing the waters, and when they developed a plan, they would announce it to the world to hear. What that plan was, or even the goal of the meetings, was a fair bit beyond me and I was thoroughly uninterested in the religious squabbles of Christians.

"You have a gift, Siegfried," Otto said, watching as the raven sculpture was fitted over the doorway to the library. It was not yet complete, but after six months of tireless work, the construction was all but done. The finishing touches were all that was left. From there, the library would be filled with the texts that I had in storage and I could make a concentrated effort on producing copies of everything. Another month. Maybe less. Then I could turn my attention to other projects.

"Given by the gods," I confessed. "I was jealous of the finery I found myself surrounded with and sought to replicate it."

"I'd say you surpassed it," Otto said and the praise was genuine. I was rather proud of the marble raven that sat perched above the large double doors. "If you colored it black, I would believe that it was a creature of flesh and blood! How long did it take you to craft such a sculpture."

"Four months," I said, and he wasn't the first to say as much. The feathers had taken the longest out of everything and it had been tedious to shape and layer the feathers to give the impression of depth. When the library was complete, the raven would be colored with soot and oils to give the raven a life-like appearance. Though, it was ten times the size of a normal raven. "It would have been closer to three months, but I find myself with little time for art."

Otto seemed disappointed to hear that, "Your hands were made to create, my friend. If not sculptures then this town. These buildings. I feel like I am watching Rome being built around me."

That caught my attention, "Have you been to Rome?" I asked and Otto nodded, watching as the raven was settled into place where it would hopefully rest for many, many, many years.

"Twice -- first when I was confirmed to be a bishop, and again when I received this mission. I sailed from its port," he replied. "It is a wonderful city. But one that has suffered from neglect. There are echoes there of a once great civilization -- the Colosseum, the Basilica, and more. But much of the city is empty, and there are a great many destitute people." He explained sadly and that was unfortunate to hear.

I frowned at that -- I had hoped for more from Rome. It was the previous capital of the Roman Empire- it was why it was even now called the Roman Empire. However, Otto already answered my unspoken question. "Rome is the heart of the Christian faith. It is a holy place and many make pilgrimage to it to be blessed by His Holiness or to gaze upon one of the many sacred relics collected by the Church. I myself saw a thorn that had been part of the crown placed on Jesus' head before his crucifixion."

He beamed for a moment, overjoyed with the mere memory. "Alas, those that are destitute see the pilgrims as a means of survival. It is pious to give alms and many use this as a means to collect their daily bread," Otto continued. To that, I grunted. That was shameful. There was nothing wrong with accepting aid when you needed it, but to become reliant on it was inexcusable. "Not all of them, of course. I found myself in great company on my travels there -- I met beggars wiser than any learned man, prostitutes as kind and generous as the Mother Mary, and lepers who knew more of faith than I could ever hope to."

"Strange company for a Christian priest," I noted and Otto merely looked amused.

"I'm certain I taught you of Jesus' companions. If thieves, beggars, and prostitutes were worthy companions of our Savior then I would be quite arrogant in assuming that they are beneath me, of all people." The remark was well earned -- he had taught me that much. Jesus was still a strange figure to me, and even after a war and years of exposure I couldn't decide where I fell on the dead god.

At first, I disrespected him. He was weak and allowed himself to be killed. Then I learned more about the world and the more I did the more I could respect his sacrifice, even if I did find the entire thing a bit foolish and convoluted. Now, I was ambivalent. For the most part. The worst thing about Christianity were the Christians -- both for trying to convert me, and for the headaches they had caused while I built the town.

"Is that what you've been doing these past years? King Charlemagne mentioned you when we met -- he said that you were his family priest?" I asked and Otto nodded, a small smile on his face.

"I was, for a brief period of time. In truth, I was more of a source of information about you and the Saxon army," Otto admitted freely. "I'm uncertain what I did, but it is by King Charlemagne's recommendation that I was elevated to a bishop." None of that surprised me. Given my lessons in Frankish and Latin, he was in close proximity to me and the other leaders of the rebellion. As for what Otto did…

"You underestimate your faith," I told him. "King Charlemagne is a true believer, as you are. From what I've seen of other priests… many are second and third sons taking the cloth out of duty or lack of other options."

I could tell Otto didn't disagree with me, even if he was too kind to say it out loud. He would know better than most now that he was rising in the Church. It was something that I understood well now that it wasn't a distant concern anymore -- inheritance. I was the youngest son of a large family, so I never thought I would receive anything from my father upon his death, beyond some money. The farm would go to Brandr, arms and armor would go to Tormond and Halfdan. But, for the youngest of us, we wouldn't expect anything.

Noble families had it worse. Lands could be partitioned only so much while noble titles could only be inherited by the heir. Second sons could hope to receive something, if only a position at court. For third sons and further, the pickings were slimmer and most turned to the Church as a means of providing for themselves.

"You honor me," Otto replied instead. "What of you, my friend? I know the broad strokes from rumors at court, but I can only imagine how they have been exaggerated. Or twisted. Tell me, is it true that you forged a kingdom for the dowry of your wife? The rumors make it sound like a tale of love at first sight. Or that you had fallen prey to the charms of a demon," He asked, raising an eyebrow and I chuckled.

"The first part is true," I admitted. "Though it was not love at first sight. At least I don't think so. Astrid's first words to me, as we were being introduced, was 'You're not ugly, I'll give you that.'" I chuckled at the memory. We'd come a long way since that initial meeting. It was strange to think we had a child together already. "Beyond that, conquering Norway was more of an accident than anything. Something to occupy my time before I came here."

Otto nodded at that, watching as the raven was settled into place and secured. The doorway leading into the library was complete. Once the library was complete, the men that had learned from the Roman architects would be given their own projects -- bathhouses, hospices, and the like. All to test what they learned and what they needed to learn before they took students of their own. "We were surprised to hear that you came to the Roman Empire of all places. Many were certain that you would become King of Denmark."

By that, he meant many feared it. Thinking of it, it would have been an alliance of four kings on Charlemagne's border. Myself, as the King of Denmark, Hoffer as the King of Norway, and King Widukind of Saxony and, in practice, Holland.

I shook my head, "I am not ready to take my vengeance. Or, rather, what would happen after I took it." I admitted with a small frown. "I came here to learn how to do this -- in all of Denmark, Norway, or Saxony, there is no building like this one."

Otto nodded in understanding, "I see." He stated and I could feel the circumstances of our last parting bubble to the surface. It was after the massacre of Verdun, when the revenge killings against the Franks began. Otto had tried to stop them, protecting the Frankish thralls from being sacrificed to appease the spirits of the dead. They had nothing to do with the massacre, they had already been taken prisoner outside of Frankfurt or enthralled long before then, but they were Frankish and that had been enough.

I was the one that pulled Otto aside to allow the revenge killings to happen, even if I did send him away with what few thralls I could send with him.

"Revenge is a heavy burden, but it is one you seem to be carrying well. Better than you were, if I shall be honest," Otto offered and I swallowed a sigh.

"Time has helped," I admitted. The anger was still there. The rage. That part of me that wanted to march to Denmark and rip Horrik and his son limb from limb with my bare hands still lurked under the surface but time and distance make it easier to keep it there. "Revenge is…" I trailed off, before a sigh escaped me.

Otto favored me with a smile, "We may not share a God, but as a priest, I'm rather adept at listening."

My lips thinned and I struggled to find the words for a growing feeling that had taken root since… since I killed Grimar. "I killed one of Horrik's sons in a duel, and I did it for no other reason than he carried the blood of Horrik. But unlike his father, he was a good man. I think he could have been a great man in different circumstances. He was wiser than me, able to set aside our vendetta to focus on larger threats like King Charlemagne."

Otto nodded slowly, letting me speak. So, I did. "Revenge killings are part of our way of life. They are just. And a way to prevent further killings because everyone knows that a son will avenge the death of their kin. In normal circumstances, I would be expected to kill Horrik and all his children. Then, one day, I would prepare for his grandchildren to attempt to kill me and mine." I paused, my lips thinning further. "It is an expectation. If I don't avenge the deaths of my family, then I am honorless. Shameful. No one would respect me and no one would follow me."

"You fear for the life of your child?" Otto ventured and I nodded after a moment of thought.

"In part. Horrik is a king. Our blood feud has consequences beyond the deaths of a clan. I shall become King of Denmark upon his death, as is our way. If you cannot protect something then you cannot claim something is yours." Now, I grimaced. "I will be expected to eliminate all threats to my throne. It's safer not only for me, but for my children. Meaning that I have to extinguish Horrik's bloodline."

It was a common practice. It was expected.

"I still believe in revenge. I will take Horrik and Thorfinn's heads. But… Grimar had saved my life… and vengeance demands that I kill his children," I confessed, and that was where I struggled. "I will have to do it. For my children. Horrik prepared to become King of Denmark all of his life. He has a dozen children, and a score of grandchildren, all of them creating a web of alliances with important tribes. If I don't kill them, then I would leave a dagger at the backs of my own children and grandchildren."

"But you do not have the heart nor the hate to murder children. Babies," Otto said, summarizing my problem. It was a shameful thing to admit. A weakness. Not in the act itself but because…

"I have killed many. So many, I can't even remember when I stopped counting. I have brought devastation to foreign lands in search of wealth and power. The men that I killed likely had families -- wives, sisters, children… and there are likely many that suffered for their deaths. Who went hungry during winter. I'm certain that for everyone I've killed, I'm responsible for a score more deaths as a consequence." I said, knowing that it was true.

And I accepted it. I was a warrior, and the world was shaped with violence and ambition. Death was as much a part of life as living was, and to those that stood across from me in the field of battle, who chose to take up arms against me for whatever reason they might have, they made the choice to fight. To kill. To die.

"But I am too weak to do the deed myself. I can accept it happening out of sight, where I don't know of it, but the thought of killing children with my own hands…" That was weakness. Softhearteness. If my people learned of it, I would be shamed. Mercy only extended so far. When someone was a threat to your kin, mercy… mercy was foolish and dangerous.

Otto listened in silence and I could see him thinking on what I said, a heavy look upon his face. I waited for him to speak, to give a reaction, even if it was rejection. But, when he started, his voice was low and kind. "We live in an imperfect world, Siegfried. For most of my life, I only paid lip service to God and His tenants. I believed, but I was always filled with doubts. Uncertainties. For, if God was All Powerful and All Knowing… then how was it that a pagan barbarian could enter His home and attack His faithful?" He said, favoring me a small smile.

"I am no closer to an answer than I was back then, nor do I know how one can reconcile the Word of God with the circumstances we find ourselves faced with in life." Otto admitted freely, his hands going to a small wooden cross that hung from his neck. "I have prayed, but God has never once spoken to me. Nor shall He, I suspect, unto I meet Him in heaven to be judged."

That wasn't something I could imagine, I realized. The gods had always spoken to me. They had always made their will known when they wished to. I never had to doubt the path the gods wished me to walk, even if I didn't understand why.

"What do you do, then?" I asked him and I realized a simple truth. Otto's faith was stronger than mine. Because it had been tested and tried and he believed even more deeply because of it.

"I act how I believe He would wish me to act. No matter what. Because I cannot imagine standing before God and claiming that virtue was inconvenient at the time," Otto said, reaching out and placing a hand on my shoulder. "I have no true advice I can give you, my friend. I wish that wasn't the case. But your gods are not mine. Your ways are not mine. All I can offer is this -- in cases such as this, do what you believe you can tell your gods of with your head held up high."

It wasn't a solution, but I didn't expect one in all honesty. It was something that I would have to answer myself with my own choices. But, all the same, it was enough.

"Yooo! Sieg! Look at what I found!" I heard Astolfo call out, bringing my attention to her to see that she was waving Ragnar's favorite chew toy -- the toy soldier. The heavy air around us vanished in a moment at her good cheer. "Take inspiration from anyone in particular?" She asked, a grin on her face as she held up the toy and she was right to see the resemblance. I had carved it from her memory.

"Did you steal that from my child?" I asked, cocking an eyebrow at her and she grinned unrepentantly.

"He lobbed it at my head, so I think that counts as giving it to me. He's got an arm, that's for sure -- the apple didn't fall far from the tree there, I think," Astolfo replied, coming to a stop in front of us. "But I also come with news. Letter came for you from the Empress herself," she said, presenting me with the letter in a rather casual manner.

I let out a small huff of amusement before taking it from her, glad for the distraction if nothing else. It kept me from dwelling about an issue that I wouldn't have an answer to for some time. Likely not until I was back in Denmark. And maybe not even until the battles were already won. "What did it say?"

"You're seriously asking one of King Charlmagne's Paladins if he read your mail?" Astolfo made a token effort of being offended while I simply cocked an eyebrow as I broke the seal on the letter. Then she shrugged, "I took a peek, but it was in Latin. I think." She confessed a second later, and she really didn't bother with pretenses.

"Greek," I corrected, looking over the letter. And, slowly, I began to frown and Astolfo looked worried.

"Something bad happen?" She prompted and my lips thinned before I glanced at Otto.

"Depends. How do you feel about a pagan and an Arabian princess joining you to mend this schism?"

…

Last chapter got about the reaction I expected, so I figured I'd leave an AN. The next chapter is going to tackle it more fully, but it felt worth mentioning.

Siegfried is a pagan in late eighth century. We know what a big deal the schism becomes, but Sieg doesn't. As far as he's aware, it's no big deal and he's just doing his bro Otto a solid. Because, again, he's a pagan of a polytheistic faith, rather than a monotheistic like Christianity is. There's more that I could say, but it would lead to spoilers for the next chapter, so I'd recommend waiting to read that one before anyone blows up my DMs again.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, mohsin, Andell and 724 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Revelations
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,009
It was strange what a person could get used to, I mused as I once more sailed into the port of Constantinople. I made the trip once a month to visit the university, picking up materials or taking lessons from teachers that couldn't or wouldn't sail over to Crete. It had been more than a year since my arrival in the greatest city in the world, and now I found it…

Normal.

The awe that it inspired when I first saw it had waned. Then, I had been convinced that it was the perfect city. A city without flaw, grander than anything else on Midgard. Time had worn away the rose tinted lens I viewed the city with. Time and exposure. I saw the dark crevices in the city that had grown because of neglect. I saw that there were parts of Constantinople that were every bit as ugly and dark as the Hagia Sophia and the Palace were grand.

Which wasn't to say that it still wasn't an incredible sight. The jealousy still burned in my chest, but it had been tempered with ambition. I was learning how to recreate their successes and I was learning from their failures -- just as I was learning from the great men of their history.

My ship lightly bounced against the wooden dock that was available to nobles and I found that Irene had sent forth a palanquin to carry us to the palace under a royal escort. A sizable one, I noted, but I suspected that had more to do with Jasmine than what this meeting was about.

Offering a hand, I helped Jasmine off the ship and I could see her apprehension. She kept it off her face, but after half a year of knowing her, it was when her face was expressionless that she most gave away her feelings. She was rather spoiled for choice on reasons why to be nervous, I could admit. This was the first time that Irene had turned her gaze to Jasmine beyond acknowledging that I had taken her prisoner. The fact that she had been summoned was an unwelcome development made worse by the fact that Rajah had to stay behind on Crete, as a tiger wouldn't be permitted to be in the same room as the Emperor's mother And regent.

Jasmine offered a small, thin, smile as she accepted my hand and stepped into Constantinople for the first time. She was followed by Otto and Astolfo, and once everyone had disembarked, the messenger stepped forward. "Lord Siegfried, we have been instructed to bring you and your companions to Regent Irene's residence," the man informed. A quick flash of True Sight marked him as neutral, and I didn't detect a lie.

Still, it was interesting that I was the one being addressed. Jasmine went ignored, as did Otto and Astolfo.

"Very well then. Escort us," I replied, noting that the palanquins were covered. Irene sought to obscure their presence, I realized, sharing a palanquin with Jasmine while Otto and Astolfo got in the other. I wasn't entirely sure it was to prevent any Abbasid spies from acting on the information that Jasmine had left Crete either.

A moment later, we were being carried to the palace and Jasmine looked through the small slits of the walls. "Do you… know why we're here?" Jasmine questioned and I shook my head, making her frown. "I think I'm being insulted," she noted, glancing at me. "It's improper that we're sharing a space together like this."

"You might be right about that," I agreed. We weren't married, yet we were being ushered to share a palanquin together. Irene had to know that my arrival, thus Jasmine's, wouldn't go unnoticed. Meaning word would eventually reach Caliph Harun's ears and by that time, I could only imagine how the rumors would twist themselves into something grotesque. It's a ploy that I could easily see Irene using to provoke the Abbasids into taking a rash action. But, there were better ways to get the same result.

Still, Jasmine looked bothered. "Would you care for some advice on insults from someone who has suffered a great many at the hands of the Romans?" I asked in Arabic, doing what I could to make sure we weren't overheard.

That got a smile out of her and I caught a hint of teeth beneath her veil, "I would be a fool to ignore wisdom from a master of being insulted."

"There are two kinds of insults -- those that you can ignore and those that you can't." I said, and Jasmine didn't seem too impressed with my wisdom, so I chuckled and continued. "When I first arrived in this land, there was a man who insulted me. He insulted my clothing, my people, and my wives. All to my face, because he thought I didn't speak his language and I didn't correct him on that assumption. In response, I made a fool out of him by costing him a great deal of money."

Chares. I didn't think about him much, not anymore. I had no reason to.

"Those insults? I could have ignored them," I admitted. It hadn't felt that way at the time, but that was my own arrogance speaking. I had just come from Saxony and Norway, where I was treated as a god that walked Midgard, to being insulted. It was a harsh change. "I didn't. I felt like my honor had been besmirched, so I retaliated. In my retaliation, I made an enemy I didn't need to. And, as enemies do, he sought to retaliate against me for making a fool of him by making a fool of me."

In the end, I suffered far more grievous insults than what I heard from Chares in my time here. In my talks with Otto, I understood the conflict with Chares a little better. I understood revenge a little more.

Jasmine was listening so I continued, "He treated me and Astrid like circus animals at one of his parties under the guise of an invitation to celebrate a holiday. Then one of his kin put his hands on Astrid, and I retaliated by challenging him to a duel. I killed his son and I shattered the jaw of the man who touched my wife." A small sigh escaped me before I glanced out the slit, watching as the palace drew closer. "Those insults I couldn't ignore, and they had to be answered. There is a difference between honor and pride. At first, Chares insulted my pride but I mistook it for my honor."

In the end, I was the one responsible for our feud. Chares certainly hadn't helped himself, but looking back on it, I understood that I had been the one that escalated first. Then, upon retaliation, I hadn't stopped until Chares was ruined and hung by the neck until dead.

I hadn't liked the man. I didn't respect him. I very much doubted that we would have gotten along even if I had the opportunity to go back and do things differently. So, I don't particularly regret his death either.

It was just something I reflected on. At the time I had felt like I was the victim in our feud. That hadn't been the case.

Jasmine was silent as I finished, mulling over what I said. "How do I tell the difference?" She asked, and to that, I could only offer an unhelpful shrug.

"In my case? Experience," I admitted and, to that, Jasmine just shook her head with some amusement. It was better than the nervousness she had carried herself with.

"Then your advice is to be insulted more? Truly, your wisdom is the equal to King Solomon, my lord," Jasmine replied and I let out a huff of amusement.

"You've spent too much time with Morrigan," I pointed out and Jasmine didn't deny the accusation. And, as if summoned, through the slit of the palanquin I saw the raven that followed us through the city. The bird had grown into itself over the past six months, now able to fly freely. When I gazed upon it with True Sight, it was marked blue, telling me that Morrigan was watching through the raven's eyes.

It was a brief respite, but the mood grew tense once more as we arrived at the palace. The palanquin opened and we were ushered out and into the open doors, following a guard. Out of the corner of my expanded vision, I paid close attention to the others' reactions to what was on display -- Astolfo looked every bit as stupefied as I had felt when I first arrived. The Romans certainly knew how to bludgeon you over the head with how obscenely rich they were.

Interestingly, Jasmine barely seemed to register the decorations. It was a reminder that she had grown up a princess, and such sights were common for her. Otto, however, had an almost puzzling reaction. He outright frowned at the wealth on display, seeming almost personally offended by their presence. His complaints, whatever they were, he kept to himself.

We weren't ushered into the throne room, but the room was no less impressive. It resided at the back end of the palace, towards the gardens -- the large double doors swung open, revealing the interior. The floors were inlaid with a mosaic, the walls were covered in the same blue material that the Hagia Sophia was. The roof was a dome, and it was partitioned with stained glass, letting colored light filter through. Before us was a long table that was richly carved, surrounded by marble pillars and in the space between them were servants that each carried an item worthy to pay a king's ransom.

Irene sat at the head of the table, flanked by Aetios and Staurakios. Sitting directly to her side, however, was Patriarch Nicetas. She wore a vibrant purple dress embroidered with golden thread, a crown heavy with jewels, with a scepter in one hand. She was the very image of an Empress, and I was under the impression that's exactly what she was aiming for.

"Welcome, guests from Francia. Lord Siegfried… and Princess Jasmine," Irene acknowledged, her gaze sliding to each of us. My gaze, however, drifted to Patriarch Nicetas. I didn't even need True Sight to know that man saw me as an enemy. He was openly glaring at me, his face twisted as if he had bitten into something sour, offended by my mere presence. I suppose it was a good thing he was directing his ire at me rather than Jasmine.

I was vaguely aware of him, mostly due to him frequently and loudly demanding that I be executed for being a demon worshiper. Or a godless creature. Or a pagan. He wasn't too picky when it came to why he wanted me dead. So, for that reason alone, I was about as happy to be in the same room with him as he was me.

"You honor us with your presence, Regent Irene," Otto greeted, bowing his head.

Irene smiled magnanimously, "Be seated at my invitation," she instructed in Latin and that meant all of us, I reasoned. Servants stepped forward, sliding chairs back for us, and there seemed to me an arranged seating. Jasmine and Otto were seated closer to Irene while Astolfo and I were seated further away. "I was rather surprised to receive a letter from Lord Siegfried, speaking on behalf of a Christian, and a bishop no less. I suspect there's a story there."

Otto glanced at me and our eyes met for the briefest of seconds. He seemed to understand the message I sent with my eyes and decided to play along.

After all, he was the one who taught me Latin.

"It is something of a story, your majesty. We met when he was but a boy at the start of the Saxon rebellion. I was charged with sanctifying a modest church in a fortress when they attacked. We met officially when I attempted to tackle him when he went to loot a holy cross." He admitted, and it did me no favors there. But, the slight smile he wore caused more confusion than anything. "He spared my life when he realized I could speak Norse on the condition I teach him Frankish and about the Holy Bible. A curiosity that had yet to wane in him as I hear."

Patriarch Nicetas was glaring at me openly now while Irene simply looked interested. "I suspect that there is more to it considering how favorably he speaks of you?"

"I was angry for a time, that is true. But I had faith in God and His plan, and I did my best to follow His will. In that time, despite our introduction, I found that while we do not share gods, Siegfried is a good and honorable man. More so than most. His sins are many, but at the same time, he has shown far more mercy and compassion for others than anyone else I can think of in his position. As different as we are, we have more in common."

It was an honest struggle to keep my face from showing my reaction. I had been flattered before. I had been called a god before with earnest belief. But, I don't think I had been as proud to receive another's praise quite like this before.

Irene tilted her head ever so slightly, her gaze sliding to me. I could only guess at her thoughts before she offered a practiced smile, "Forgive our rudeness -- Bishop Otto was telling me of how you met. I'm sure it is quite the tale, one I would wish to hear in full. Yet, it is not my curiosity which has brought you here," she said, speaking in Greek. "Lord Siegfried, do me a kindness and translate our words to Princess Jasmine."

I nodded in agreement, though it wasn't really a request. Irene didn't ask for permission or forgiveness or requests. She demanded it.

"Tell me, Bishop Otto -- what has seen a western bishop sent to my lands?" Irene questioned, and she was getting rather comfortable with her position, I noticed. The mask and pretenses put up as a veneer of legitimacy were slowly falling away, laying bare her true intentions. "Along with one of King Charlemagne's most famous Paladins," she added, looking to Astolfo, who was as serious as I had ever seen her. Which told me she was already bored and uninterested in the conversation.

"It is a matter of faith, Regent Irene," Otto said, inclining his head to her. "His Holiness Pope Adrian has come increasingly aware of the growing gulf between the Faith of the West and the East. We wish to mend this gulf before it were to become irreparable."

Patriarch Nicetas's lips thinned, going to speak but Irene raised a hand, silencing him. That, more than anything else, caused a stirring in Otto. It wasn't much of a reaction, but he stiffened ever so slightly. In Patriarch Nicetas's place, Irene spoke, "You speak of the Iconoclasm debate."

"Exactly so. Pope Adrian desires for the matter to be brought to a close with the restoration of icons, in line with western doctrine. Something that he felt Emperor Constantine would be amenable to," Otto said and I watched as the conversation developed while softly translating everything said to Jasmine. By Emperor Constantine, he meant Irene, and I don't think he was wrong there. I paid little attention to rumors and hearsay when it came to Christianity, but I'm fairly certain that Irene was an iconophile.

Irene offered a polite practiced smile, "I am most certain he would. The growing… rift has concerned us as well. Our faith should be unified as we find ourselves surrounded by hostile faiths, as King Charlemagne has learned. One faith, one church, under God, as it should be."

I had absolutely no idea why I was here, I thought, watching as Otto smiled politely back at her in agreement. None of this concerned me. In all honesty, I'm not even sure what the issue was.

Irene continued, "I have been making preparations for a grand debate to settle the issue of icons within the church. If Pope Adrian would wish to lend his support and aid in the debate held in Constantinople, then he would be welcomed in our halls." Otto's lack of reaction was a reaction in itself. He had underestimated the depths of Irene's ambition.

The conflict was one of power as much as it was one of faith. If not more so. I knew rather little of this Pope, beyond the fact that he probably didn't like me, but I knew that Irene wanted the Christian faith under her control. Which the Pope wasn't because he was under King Charlemagne's control, to my knowledge. What Irene wanted was submission from this Pope, acknowledgment, and the influence and power that came from removing a rival.

"I would be happy to pass your invitation to His Holiness. I know he will be overjoyed to lend you his aid, with an invitation to have the matter debated in Rome." Otto countered and Irene offered a polite smile that was sharp enough to cut.

"His invitation lightens my heart, but I worry for the outcome of such a debate in Rome from those that have no first hand experience in regards to the issue at hand," Irene countered. "As I worry how we would be seen by rival faiths. Lord Siegfried, an answer to a query I would ask of you," she started, suddenly turning to me and I suppose I was about to find out why I was here in the first place. "Amongst your followers, you have those that call your patron god Odin, and those that call him Woden. Why is this?"

I glanced at Otto, who fought off a small frown as I considered how to answer. But I wasn't entirely sure what she was trying to accomplish with that question. So, cautiously, I answered honestly, "It is because the Saxons worship the gods differently than us." I said, and that was apparently exactly what she wished to hear because she gave a dazzling triumphant smile to Otto.

"Christianity has been divided once already with the founding of the Islamic faith, and Judasiam before that," Otto started, only to pause at my visible confusion.

I glanced around the table, who were now all looking at me. It was Astolfo who spoke, though, "What's that face for? You knew that, right?"

I was a bit too stunned to lie, "I- no. Wait, Muslims and Christians share a God? I thought- Muslims worship Allah, do they not?" I questioned, looking at Jasmine, who seemed confused by my confusion. This was increasingly baffling and I was starting to struggle to make sense of this. "I-... what is happening right now?"

Otto seemed to take pity on me and provided an answer. "Christians, Muslims, and Jews are all children of the book. The difference lay in deviations of interpretation. Christians believe that Jesus Christ to be the son of God, sent here and sacrificed to deliver us from our sins. Muslims, while I am no true expert, acknowledge Jesus as a prophet, but their doctrine was shaped by a man named Muhammad. The Jews were the original founding of the faith, it could be said, with Christianity forming upon Jesus' death and resurrection. They, however, do not believe that Jesus was the son of God."

What? I-... I knew some of that, or at least I thought I did. I knew that the Jews were blamed for the death of Christ because it seemed the Christians were honor-bound to bring it up every single time the Jews were brought up. However, I was led to believe that they worshiped a god named Yahweh.

I had so many questions I'm not even sure where to start. I wasn't the only one with questions as Staurakios spoke up, "Would you have us believe that pagans never fight each other because they share a faith?"

"We fight each other all the time, but I don't think it's ever been about faith. At least, nothing beyond raiding one another in the name of the gods," I said, mulling over this development. My answer caused some confusion, so I elaborated. "The gods are the gods. It doesn't matter if they call him Woden or we Odin. Or if our rituals are different. No, more than that -- if you were to go to Denmark, you would find that village by village they honor the gods differently. Sometimes there would be differences house by house. It doesn't matter, however."

Everyone was looking as confused as I felt the more I explained. "The gods are the gods. If they cannot hear your prayers because you called them the wrong name, or misperformed a ritual, then they cannot be called gods. They hear you through the act of prayer." That's the part that confused me the most.

In my time here, there hadn't been any difficulties between my Norse and Saxon warriors when it came to faith. I couldn't claim I understood all of the Saxon rituals, but I never thought to begrudge them in any way. Faith, when it came down to it, was personal. There was no right way to honor the gods. So long as you honored them, that was enough. They heard you through your actions and beliefs.

Which was what made this revelation so baffling. The Christians and Muslims and Jews hated each other so fiercely for what amounted to differences in belief in the same God.

The entire thing was just… strange. I couldn't understand it. I was trying, but the pieces simply weren't fitting together. I couldn't imagine holding the same visceral hatred that these 'brothers of the book' held for one another against the Saxons for what amounted to be different rights. To the same god.

It felt absurd. I'd suspect I was being pranked if I didn't know any better.

"I believe this may be part of a wider discussion," Irene said after a long moment of thought as she considered Otto. "But, first, I am… in agreement that the icon issue must be laid to rest." She said, steering the conversation back and I could see Otto snapping out of his thoughts.

He hesitated to answer for a moment, glancing at me. "In light of this revelation… I… will confess that I find it unlikely that Pope Adrian would agree to house the debate in Constantinople," he admitted and Irene seemed surprised with the admission. "I cannot claim I know what is best for the faith. Only that infighting cannot be the way forward. I would put forth an… alternative, if you would find such a thing agreeable."

Irene also looked at me and I started to get a sinking feeling in my gut. It wasn't the gods speaking to me, I don't think, but I got the very distinct impression that something truly awful was heading in my direction.

"I believe I have an inkling of what this suggestion might be, but go on," Irene instructed and Otto wasted no time throwing me into the thick of it.

"I suggest that the debate be held in a more neutral setting, not entirely within the Western or the Eastern strongholds of power. I suggest that the debate be held in Crete. Norland, specifically," he offered with a small, somewhat apologetic smile at my flat expression.

Patriarch Nicetas didn't like the idea. I would go as far as to say he hated it. And me, for that matter. You'd think it was my idea based on how he was glaring at me. His opinion was of no consequence and Irene made sure he knew it, "I would be amenable to this idea. A forum would need to be constructed, of course." She said, looking my way.

I regretted speaking. Now I was stuck building a forum to house a debate about a religion I didn't even understand at this point, much less follow. Between people who hated me.

A small sigh escaped me as I looked to Otto, then Irene, "I don't suppose that I can refuse?" I tried, not even bothered if this cost me her favor.

She must have thought the question was a jest because she laughed, "No, you may not."

Great. That was just… perfect.

I bet I wouldn't have to deal with this madness if I sided with the Abbasids.

…

I wanted to clarify something a bit before I get some messages -- I'm not saying that Pagans never had any religious turmoil. I'm saying that they, in large part, never had anything like what we see with the response to the Protestant movement or the Reformation. Where you're still worshiping the same god, just in slightly different ways, and that inspired such hatred that Christians and Catholics started to slaughter each other and themselves.

The best example I can think of is what Rome did in its pagan days. When they conquered a new land, they'd go, 'Oh, you worship a God of War? We do too. You have a God of Harvest? OMGs, we do too. Wait, you have harvest festivals?! And Pre-battle rituals? Bro, you aren't going to believe this, but I think we're worshiping the same gods and just calling them different names.'

This also blends in to another point of that most pagan religions are inherently personal rather than monolithic. Which is partly why Christianity was so good at infiltrating pagan lands and removing it to the point we call the Norse faith norse mythology. So, deviations in personal worship are expected. You dealt with your gods firsthand, and if that wasn't working, then you went to someone that was seen to have a deeper connection to the gods, like a wise woman or witch.

So, to Sieg, as a pagan in the late eighth century, he can't even begin to imagine how big of a deal the schism could be. Now, what was just a letter of introduction is steadily becoming more.
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, Andell, Eerrw and 778 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Migration
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 21, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,091
I was going to have to build a forum, I realized. And rush construction for several of my other projects. I refused to be shamed by the Christians that would soon flood my town. I'm certain that they would find a way to complain about something, but I refused to allow their complaints to be rooted in anything except for their own prejudice. And, admittedly, I wanted to watch them choke on their insults when I made something clear -- that I had built a city equal to any that they had ever seen and that I did so in a single year.

For I had six months to build up Norland. To construct a forum worthy of a grand debate to settle some issue I didn't really understand. It was an honor, I could recognize. If I was a Christian, I imagine I would feel very blessed by being chosen to house such a debate. But I wasn't. So, instead, I was mostly inconvenienced and, worse, I wasn't in a position to refuse. Irene had already settled on a course of action that she believed would grant her what she wanted.

Maybe I could resist such an order, but it would be more costly than to simply grit my teeth and accept the burden. In the end, I was a guest in these lands. My success rested largely due to Irene's favor and with the sheer number of enemies I had in the empire, I doubted that I would survive if she removed her royal protection. Which would leave me in a position to turn to the Abbasids, but at the same time, they only courted me so desperately because they didn't wish to face me on the field of battle again.

"I apologize for the inconvenience, Siegfried," Otto offered, looking sufficiently chagrined after the meeting had ended. We rode together in a larger palanquin that was taking us to the university. I needed knowledge, wisdom, and perhaps to shamelessly steal some inspiration from other great buildings. "Seeing Regent Irene… I understood what you meant. Pope Adrian desires to force her to come to him. To make the East yield to the West for the sake of appearances. But, she never would have agreed to such a thing, so I volunteered your lands because it was the closest compromise I could think of."

I grunted, accepting the apology for what it was. I understood his reasoning. He had his own mission given to him by the Church. Honestly, if he hadn't tried something like this to spare me some inconvenience, I would think less of Otto for it. His resolve would have wavered in my eyes. That being said, I was still annoyed at the prospect. "Surely your Pope shall have reservations? I am a pagan and while I rule Norland, it is a pagan settlement."

Otto inclined his head, "I suspect that it shall be a task to convince His Holiness to compromise on the location." he admitted freely, so there was still hope that this could be called off. A shadow of hope, but I would take it. "But… as most would see it, you are a pagan under a Christian ruler. Your beliefs are tolerated at Regent Irene's sufferance. And… well… forcing a pagan to house a Christian debate… does sound like quite the insult." He admitted sheepishly.

I grunted again, unhappy with the turn of events. "I suppose I'll simply have to bear this insult," I admitted. Getting out of this obligation would be far more costly than simply going through with it. Though… I didn't have to accept this with a grimace and a smile. I had to build the forum, I had to house the debate… but I could make things ever so slightly uncomfortable for the influx of Christians I would be forced to deal with.

"Again, my apologies," Otto offered.

I waved him off, "There is no point in apologizing. You'd do it again if given the chance, and you should. You were given a quest and you used everything in your means to complete it," I replied.

That got a small sigh out of Otto, "One can fulfill his obligations and still feel guilt for the means with which he fulfilled them." He replied evenly.

"Your guilt is apology enough," I said, absolving him of wrongdoing. If our positions were reversed, I very well might have done the same thing. Despite my words, I could tell that the measure he took didn't sit well with Otto, but by that time we had arrived at the university. Getting out first, I held out a hand for Jasmine, who took it before looking around with barely concealed delight.

"This is where you study, is it not?" She asked, her gaze lingering on the very same statue that mine had when I first arrived.

"When I have the time," I confirmed. I spent less time here at the university than I would prefer. But, my studies hadn't suffered from my extended stays in Norland, overseeing its development. And I didn't expect that to change in the coming days.

Otto and Astolfo followed, while I cast a glance at Jasmine, curious about her reaction. She caught the glance and answered the unspoken question, "My brother would talk about the University of Constantinople. I think he wished to conquer the Romans merely to get his hands on their texts."

To that, I chuckled. "Perhaps he will get the opportunity once I leave," I said to her in Arabic as the doors were opened for me and I took the familiar path to the library. There were other students in the halls, but they gave me a wide berth, even if they were curious about who was joining me.

My words inspired a flash of a smile behind her veil before it was quick to fall. "I… will confess that I have some interest in the library as well. I'm glad to have the opportunity to visit… even if I don't yet understand why I'm here in the first place," Jasmine admitted.

She had been all but ignored during that meeting. I didn't trust this city enough to leave her unattended, so I thought it best that she stay close while we were here. So far, there has been no clear reason provided for why she had been summoned, and I was starting to suspect that there wasn't a clear reason. Meaning that there was some kind of subterfuge going on.

"There is a decent chance that someone will try to contact you while we are here," I ventured, figuring that was the most likely case. Irene was gearing up for war once more. "They may be Abbasids, or they may be Romans claiming to be Abbasids. I would be cautious in trusting what they have to say."

Jasmine glanced at me as we entered the library, and I was greeted with the familiar scent of parchment and ink. "You believe the Romans seek war?"

"I know Irene does," I admitted easily. "She wants to get her use out of me while I'm here. She's not satisfied with fending off an invasion, she wants to take territory as well. She'd be the first ruler of Constantinople to do so in the better part of a century," I noted to Jasmine's careful consideration while Otto and Astolfo ventured forth. I was still speaking Arabic, so they caught the hint that it was a private conversation. "And I suspect that she wants this war and debate to happen at roughly around the same time."

"Would that not risk disaster?" Jasmine questioned as we began to walk the library in search of what I was looking for.

"If not timed well? Of course," I agreed. "But, I'm finding that people only have it in them to be outraged about one thing at a time. There are going to be many iconoclasts that will take issue with the result of the debate, and under normal circumstances, they very well might take up arms. But, if the Abbasids were to attack? Then that ire would be directed at the Caliphate for a time. And any victories we win would, naturally, be credited to God and his approval of the restoration of icons."

I couldn't say that I entirely cared for how I was learning how these people thought. The days when all of my problems could be solved with an axe were missed rather fondly, even if this was exactly why I had come here in the first place.

I was learning how to think like a king.

Irene's scheme was an ambitious one. One that would serve her well. For, I was certain that she would reap the credit for the victories. She was stepping out of the shadow of her son, and victories like this -- a mending of the faith and territorial gains against an old enemy? That would be exactly what she needed to claim the throne in earnest.

Coming to a stop in front of a shelf, I picked a scroll and unfurled it before smirking at the contents. I had recalled correctly. "Take this. Give it to the person that contacts you, but only if you know and trust them. Also, give them a message to pass along to your brother -- I would prefer it if we didn't face each other in battle while I remain here."

Jasmine didn't know what to make of that, I could tell, as she examined the scroll. She wore a heavy frown beneath her veil, her dark eyes getting mine. "Is this not a risk for you?" She questioned, able to glean my plan.

"It is. But I am not Irene's hound that she can command at her pleasure. I'm accepting the task that she orders because it's not worth the cost of going against her. However, what she intends conflicts with my own ambitions and interferes with my studies," I said, taking another scroll and opening it. "I don't desire a war that would impact the growth of Norland. So, I hope to change Irene's target for when the war is called."

It wouldn't be so simple, and it was entirely possible that the momentum behind such decisions was well outside of my ability to influence. But, I thought I had a decent enough chance to make it happen. Or not happen, as it were.

Jasmine was here to provoke the Abbasids. For Irene's ploy to work, the Abbasids would need to be the ones to declare war and launch an invasion -- that way, her detractors would have another enemy to focus on. The army summoned wouldn't be wielded against her in a sudden rebellion because the stakes would be too high.

Jasmine inspected the scroll a moment longer, putting the pieces together. "This… I would likely be your captive for… some time," Jasmine ventured, glancing back up at me.

I nodded in acknowledgment, "Most likely." I admitted, understanding that the deal wasn't ideal for her. If I managed to avoid an invasion into the Caliphate, then that meant Jasmine would be used as a bargaining chip to keep the peace. Worse, she'd likely endure insults and worse as Irene would seek to use her to provoke her brother into action.

"And if the acting Empress calls for my head?" Jasmine questioned, holding my gaze.

That was a question that had bothered me. I was duty bound to execute her on Irene's orders, but that didn't settle well with me. If it wasn't for Otto and our talk, I'm not sure if I would have an honest answer to give her.

"I would follow the order. Only to discover that you had escaped because of spies that had infiltrated Norland," I told her and her eyes widened minutely. Telling her that was probably not the wisest decision, I could admit. In the end, she was a hostage, and if the Caliphate thought that there was no danger? Then they'd move freely against the Romans.

But talking to Otto helped put some things in perspective. I still didn't know what I would do when I returned to Denmark, but here? Now? It was one thing to kill a man that had picked up a weapon and chose to fight. That was war. Battle.

But I had never murdered anyone in my life, and I would be damned before I allowed Irene to make a murderer out of me.

"In that case… I have something I wish to add to this bargain," Jasmine decided, turning her eyes to the library around us. "I wish to study here. And at your library," she said, catching my attention and I tilted my head ever so slightly. Her lips thinned before she elaborated, "My father…"

She trailed off before she openly grimaced, "He loved me, in his own way. He wanted me to be protected. Safe. And because of it, I never left the palace. My entire world was a handful of rooms and a garden. The past few months have been… an adventure, of sorts. I never imagined I would experience the things that I have. Or learned the things that I did. I… have learned of my ignorance and I wish to do away with it."

"That," I started, "is something that I can understand very well."

I'm sure it would be a scandal of sorts, but… well…

That was hardly my problem, now was it?

…

Jasmine didn't tell me when someone eventually made contact with her, but I knew when it happened by a change in her demeanor. We stayed three days in Constantinople, largely because Otto needed to finalize the proposal that he would bring to the pope. I used that time to familiarize myself with the library and make contact with a few sources within the city.

As irritating as it was to be saddled with the duty, I could admit that Irene was at least following through when it came to helping me accomplish the task. It was for that reason I found myself being joined by a dozen of Rome's most renowned architects and a dozen more skilled stone masons. An opportunity for my own burgeoning core of architects to learn from masters.

Not to mention that she had essentially given me access to the treasury to rapidly develop Norland into a city worthy of housing such a debate.

So, over the course of three months, we went to work. The quarry was expanded by half, pulling up marble from the ground as if it was dirt. All of it being reshaped and carved, laid out in the form of bricks of various sizes that were then shaped further into whatever we needed. All under the watchful eye of my people who learned all that they could before sharing their teachings.

All of Norland was under construction. An aqueduct was being built to connect bath houses that were rapidly being built to natural hot springs. The roads were greatly expanded. Houses were going up by the dozen. Things were so busy that my library opened with little fanfare.

However, it wasn't just the Romans that helped.

Caliph Harun never gave me a direct answer one way or the other, but his actions spoke his intention as a week after the construction began, he sent over his own architects, much to the displeasure of the Romans. Even more so when they began to alter the designs of the planned forum, adding touches such as domed spires. In addition to my own adjustments, such as the ship hull roofs that my people preferred.

The entire process was being aided by Hadi- or, rather, his wife, who was all too happy to accept my bargains as I purchased a great deal from her. Materials such as wood and iron, paints and pigments, wine, oil, and more. Because of it, Norland was in a constant state of activity. Ships arrived and left in droves, forcing me to look towards establishing a second harbor because the inner harbor was already at capacity. As a result, Hadi's lands were as enriched by our dealings as mine were.

Which left the forum itself.

With the library constructed, I had two of the five notable buildings that the gods demanded to complete the quest they had given me and I decided that the forum would be the third. It was adjacent to the library itself for the purpose that once this grand debate was settled, the students of the library could continue to use the forum. Possibly for hundreds of years in the future.

The designs for it made it the largest of the buildings that I had constructed. The debate chamber itself would be a large circle of staggered rows that rose up. The most important speakers would be in the heart of the circle, surrounded by a ring of seats. Then that ring would be surrounded by another, and then another until there were six rings in total. Provided that no one minded losing some elbow room, the central chamber would be able to seat a thousand people.

The ceiling would be a large dome of the Caliphate style. If we had more time, I would focus on more decorations, perhaps painting the dome and the walls themselves. But, we didn't. Things were rushed as it was with only six months to complete the project and that deadline was only possible because of the many, many, many hands that were sharing the workload. The extension to the central chamber was a large U shape with the central chamber in the curve of the U.

The two long arms would be classrooms, I decided. Two storied, which meant that each arm would be able to hold a dozen classrooms of reasonable length. The classrooms were smaller, and fewer, than the University of Constantinople but that was acceptable. When I returned to Denmark, I resolved to create a university twice the size of the one in Constantinople.

The central area would hold a garden filled with herbs and plants -- some useful but most would be for aesthetics. Especially when the empty space would eventually be filled out with statues.

As I stood before the forum, I could practically see what it would look like upon completion. Even as hundreds of people toiled day and night to complete it before the debate. And, it was there when I received some news that made all my plans come to a screeching halt.

"Our scout in Kiev has reported back," Astrid informed me and, I should have known that she was delivering bad news based on her expression. "Gerald and my brother have returned to the city."

"They're months late," I noted, a friend in my voice and a pit starting to open up in my gut. "Did something happen?" I had been relieved when Gerald didn't rush back in the heart of winter, but winter had turned into spring and then summer. They had been delayed by nearly four months.

Astrid offered an expression that I could only describe as sheepish. "They were delayed by needing to forage and hunt along the way. Their numbers… are more than their food reserves could handle."

I stilled, glancing at Astrid with narrowed eyes, "... How many of our people are coming our way?" I asked quietly, uncertain if I really wanted the answer.

Astrid, to her credit, spat the truth out regardless of my concerns. "They scrounged up around two hundred ships, according to our scout. And they're full to the point of bursting -- not just with warriors, but families and kinfolk. I reckon… close to ten thousand of our people are sailing down to Norland. All to meet you."

I closed my eyes for a moment and a headache immediately set in.

Astrid chuckled at my misery, "If nothing else, this whole debate thing just got a lot more exciting, huh?"

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, Andell, Eerrw and 817 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 21, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
80 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Uncomfortable Expectations
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,137
Ten thousand people… ten thousand of my people. Coming here. To Norland.

This was… a problem, for a number of reasons, and I was struggling to decide which was the most pressing. Ten thousand people wasn't a small number. That was a migration. Norland was already in a state of expansion and development, so the massive influx of people wasn't impossible to handle, but up until this point I had enjoyed a steady trickle of migrants to Norland. A significant portion would have to go out to populate and establish villages.

But there were also the opinions of the Roman Empire to consider. I enjoyed Irene's favor largely because I was a temporary problem.

I was a convenient shield for any ire she drew with her increasingly reaching grasps for power, and any influence I amassed, any positions or titles I acquired -- as far as she was concerned, all of it would only matter for a few short years before I sailed to the other end of the world and promptly ceased to be her problem.

My having two thousand warriors raised some eyebrows and concerns from the nobility. Reasonable ones, I could admit. I would have concerns as well if a relative unknown entered my kingdom with an army, with only a promise that they wouldn't use it on me. Ten thousand people, on two hundred ships? That was far more than I or anyone else expected. This was going to get a reaction out of Irene because she would have to give one. Even if only a fraction of the people coming were warriors, answers would be demanded about the influx of people.

Then there was the grand debate that was going to be happening in a few short months. The event that would see some of the most important Christian leaders in the world gather together in my fledgling town to have their all-important debate about matters I didn't even bother trying to understand at this point. A town that would be similarly filled with my people -- with pagans.

Norland was already a simmering pot with nothing but me and my army acting as the lid. I wasn't sure what would happen exactly when my people arrived, but experience taught me to expect nothing good.

"This is a problem," I noted, speaking to Ragnar, who bounced on my knee as I tapped my foot against marble flooring in my Longhouse. He was content to chew on one of the toys I had made for him, giggling as he bounced with my hand on his back to make sure he didn't fall. The words were directed to Ragnar, but I didn't expect an answer. "This outstripped my expectations… significantly."

That was a good thing, when you looked at it by itself and didn't focus on all the problems that would arise because of it. I had sent Gerald and Hoffer to drain Horrik of his strength and manpower, and while I was uncertain how many people resided in Denmark, between the war over the crown, the warriors sent to Francia, and now this -- I knew I was sapping Horrik of his ability to defend himself. Of men. I hoped to drain Denmark of its gray haired warriors and green boys alike.

The families that came would be a great loss for him as well. My time in Crete had taught me how fragile the intricate web of villages and towns really were. A mass migration of laborers, even unskilled ones, was a massive disruption in Denmark's trade and Horrik would be left scrambling… possibly right up until I returned. This, as inconvenient as it might be for me, was a far larger blow to Horrik. The kind that he likely wouldn't be able to recover from. That alone almost made all the trouble that was coming my way worth it.

My foot stopped bouncing and Ragnar was immediately annoyed, waving his toy around until I picked him up to approach the table bearing the model of Crete that I had been working on for more than a year now. That caught his interest just as it held mine. "The debate is the immediate problem. I need it to go well because it would otherwise reflect poorly upon me. Maybe this could be enough for a change in location, but I won't hold out hope for that."

The model had been something I had been continuously working on since our arrival. It wasn't done yet either. Accurate measurements were shockingly difficult to achieve consistently. I didn't truly need perfection, but I wanted it because I hoped to one day make a similar model for Denmark. One that showed where the villages were, where new villages should be developed, where fertile ground was marked, and where advantageous battlefields were located. It was very convenient when you could visualize your realm.

On Crete was Norland, and I had sculpted small models that represented important things within the city. Most of the town was located in the space between the hills that we had claimed, though the space on top of the hills and cliffs was finding itself filled as well as time went by. "We have some time to prepare for their arrival," I continued as Ragnar lunged for the building that represented my library before making Astolfo and my library fight by crashing them together. In the meantime, I looked to the location I had already been eyeing.

Two hundred ships was more than just a fleet. Discounting the ships I stole from the Abbasids, I would command three hundred longships. That was… an honestly alarming number. Troublesome too. "We'll have to expand here," I told Ragnar, pointing to the model. It was where I was thinking of opening another dock to help alleviate the pressure on our harbor. The issue was that it was in the opposite direction of our current planned development.

Ragnar didn't seem particularly interested, now chewing on my library as if he were some great monster. All the same, I continued. "It could be a district explicitly for our people. Because for Irene… we have just become a long term problem," I admitted.

It was one thing to leave behind a couple hundred people. Those numbers, I expected, would be assimilated into the general population with little difficulty. Several thousand, however? That was a very different story. The pagans of Crete would be a known quantity, and it would be a black mark against Irene's name because she allowed us to settle here in the first place. Meaning, she would take action. She'd have to.

And it was my duty to safeguard my people, even if they chose to stay behind in a hostile land.

"We expand our current plans," I said, drawing out where the district would be built. "Secondary markets, bathhouses, and so on. More importantly, it will be a walled district. Because, one day, those that we leave behind will be attacked." I said, my voice even as I patted Ragnar on the belly. "It most likely won't be enough, but it will at least give them a chance to fight back. To escape. Wiping them out will be a large undertaking -- the Romans will need to assault the walls and blockade the harbor. And such a thing won't likely be missed."

It was another massive undertaking, I knew. But, when I picked up one of the carved temples I had made in anticipation of building a temple for the gods, I smiled when I placed it in the heart of the district. Where it would be protected and my people could worship freely.

If nothing else, it was a nice idea. It was just a matter of putting it into practice.

…

As predicted, Irene was less than happy to learn that ten thousand pagans were sailing towards Crete. She hid her reaction well when I informed her through a letter, but I could almost feel the cooling in relations between us based on her frigid response. Without intent, I had burnt through a significant portion of whatever goodwill she had for me. Yet, at the same time, I was too important to recklessly offend, ironically due to her own favor and the courtship of the Abbasids, who smelled the growing rift.

It was still going to be a problem, but it was a problem for another day.

For now, I had more immediate issues. Such as making sure the two hundred ships arrived at Crete with no issue. To that end, I sent Thorkell to Kiev with instructions to start ushering them to Norland. All the while my laborers worked day and night to prepare the town for their arrival. We had a little time, but it was only a week later that the first of the ships started to arrive.

Astrid was visibly excited when she saw her brother's flagship trailing behind Thorkell's. They, in turn, led twenty longships to our port. Morrigan was nowhere to be seen, but two ravens flew through the air and that told me she was watching the arrival closely. Jill stood on the opposite side of Astrid, her hand in mine while Ragnar was in Astrid's arms. We were waiting for them at the end of the dock.

Hoffer proved his worth as a ship captain. He swung the ship wide before turning into a hard pivot. Then, carried by the momentum, his longship carried forward until it lightly bounced into the dock. Hoffer was the first one off the ship, and he seemed as hale as I last saw him, telling me that he personally didn't experience much hardship in the past year.

His face brightened immeasurably when his gaze landed on Astrid and Ragnar. With a wide smile he approached, "I'm an uncle once more! Do I see another Hoffer?" He asked, approaching and bending down so he could get a better look at my son. He held out a finger and Ragnar seemed to take great offense to it because he grabbed it and did his best to rip it off with his meager strength.

"Ragnar," Astrid answered. "Named for Siegfried's eldest brother."

It was then that Hoffer looked at me, inclining his head, "A good name! A strong name for a strong son!" He said, clapping me on the shoulder with a grin. I was relieved that he wasn't going to be insistent on the name. It might be a tradition for every male in Astrid's family to be named Hoffer, but I imagined that would get rather confusing rather quickly.

"My thanks. It's good to see you once more, Hoffer. We grew worried about the delay," I said and, to that, Hoffer grimaced.

"Aye. That's a tale twice over," he admitted. And I imagined it would be given the sheer number of people he was bringing with him.

"Come. I would have you tell it by a hearth with a horn of ale in hand," I offered and he nodded with gratitude. While his ships began the disembarking process, we made our way back to the Longhouse.

Hoffer himself seemed almost alarmed by the changes that had taken root since his departure. "If you and Astrid weren't here to greet me, Wolfkissed, I'd be convinced I had docked on the wrong island. Last time I was here… you've truly turned wood and mud into stone," he praised, looking at everything from the concrete road to the marble buildings."

"We've enjoyed Regent Irene's favor," I admitted as much. Odds were, I wouldn't get to enjoy seeing Norland completed. But I would have the pleasure of developing it all the same.

Hoffer made a noise of acknowledgment as we continued on, his gaze drawn to the Library that peaked in the distance. As well as the Forum that was under rapid construction. The rest of the journey was brief and Hoffer helped himself to a seat and drank deeply from a horn of ale that was pressed into his hand almost as soon as he sat. A long sigh escaped him and I realized I might have been too hasty in my judgment that it hadn't been a difficult journey.

"Before I begin," He said, reaching into a satchel and passing me a bundle of letters written on what felt like boiled parchment. Likely taken from a Bible. "They're from your family. They are all well," he was quick to inform and I felt a knot of tension in my gut that I was only barely aware of release at the reassurance. "Your brothers and sisters have been wed and you're an uncle twice over -- Haldur has a son named Harald while Solveig has a daughter named Erika."

I was an uncle once again. It was a strange thought, though a welcome one. It was more strange to think of my brothers and sisters as parents, but I suppose that same thought would apply to me. We were separated by half a world, it felt like, but I still wished to see them. My new niece and nephew.

Jill reached out and squeezed my hand, "Your clan is recovering." She said and I breathed a little easier. I expected more of a reaction from Hoffer by the action, but he only drank from his horn of ale.

"We are," I agreed quietly. I had lost many family members, and while no number of new sons, daughters, nephews and nieces could never take their place, it was a welcome relief that my family was once more growing instead of shrinking.

"The letters will probably go into more detail, but fortune has smiled on your family even before we arrived home. Haldur has been recognized as a Jarl, while Halfdan has joined the Hird of my father as a Huskarl. Likewise, the husbands of your sisters have both risen to prominence in Norway." That was a fortunate turn of events. To rise up as Jarls in Norway after being chased out of Denmark as Skogarmaors.

Hoffer then looked to Astrid, "The old man has spent the last year conquering the rest of Norway. Might be a few years more before he manages to conquer all of it, but the momentum is on his side." He said and that brought a wide smile to Astrid's lips. Then Hoffer glanced at me, "The alliance you brokered with the Saxon king helped a fair bit. The land of Norway has always been poor for farming, but trade with the Saxons has made the cost of conquering the independent jarls much more affordable."

I inclined my head, accepting the praise. I was more curious about what the letters said as what Hoffer told me wasn't really a surprise. I had expected King Hoffer to continue conquering Norway, and Otto already told me of the alliance with King Widukind.

Haldur was a Jarl. I wasn't surprised, but I also hadn't really anticipated that turn of events. It was good for him. And, perhaps, he would feel like he was stepping out of my shadow. He had a wife now. And a son. I couldn't tell what the future held, only the Norns could boast such a thing, but I imagine Haldur would use his position to inflict what damage he could on Horrik.

I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not however, because it could very well spark a war between Norway and Denmark. A war that would start and finish before I even heard word of it, half a world away as I was.

It shouldn't matter which of my kin fulfilled the blood debt and took vengeance on Horrik. But, I would be a liar if I said that the thought of Haldur doing so while I was in Rome was a welcomed thought. I wanted to be the one that took Horrik's life with my own hands. No matter my doubts about the nature of vengeance, that fact had never changed.

Hoffer finished the horn of ale with a content sigh. "As for our story… it's a bothersome one. The first thing you should know is Horrik has been slandering you to everyone that has an ear to listen -- he's named you a coward, a nithing, a false god, and every other curse you can imagine. According to him, you are the greatest of all villains."

I grunted, accepting the news for what it was. "Given how many people have come with you, I take it that the tales didn't take root."

Hoffer grunted in agreement, "Less so than Horrik would want, but more so than you would like. By the time we arrived, Denmark was halfway embroiled in a civil war. Not quite one outright, but for every story Horrik said of you, there was another from Norway or Saxony describing your deeds. As far as Denmark is concerned, you're either the child of Thor or you're the blackest hearted villain. There wasn't much in-between."

I was starting to see where this was going and Hoffer all but confirmed it. "Things came to a head when we arrived. I returned home to commission the ships you requested and spread word of your deeds. Gerald went to Denmark to do the same, so I can't say for certain what exactly happened there, but…" Hoffer trailed off as he scratched his cheek.

"The Franks have been sending missionaries to speak of their dead god to Denmark for the past year," he admitted, and I went still. "They're a general annoyance who usually get themselves killed by disrespecting the gods, but a few managed to preach a bit. Spread the word of Jesus, God, and so on. The important bit here… is… well… the Christian promised land."

I felt a headache coming.

"Wait. No. Don't tell me that…" Astrid guffawed, perfectly happy to laugh at my misfortune and the implications.

"People started getting the stories mixed up a bit, I think. And I don't think Gerald helped things by proclaiming you to be a god," Hoffer continued and I buried my face in my hands. "It all kinda mixed together a bit until the story became… well… you being a god, or a son of a god, offering salvation and guidance to a promised land. Here, in Crete."

Hence the migration. I would need to interrogate Gerald when he arrived, but I could more or less guess the sequence of events. The Christian missionaries spread word of a promised land, which primed the people to be receptive to Gerald when he arrived with treasures and tales of a far off land.

"That's when things started to get messy," Hoffer began and I looked up from my hands.

"Started to?" I echoed, the headache hitting me full force.

Hoffer winced, somewhat apologetic. "Aye, started to," he confirmed. "King Horrik, naturally, wasn't too keen on the story being told. He sent out hunting parties to silence Gerald and started to clamp down fiercely on any word of you. And the harder he clamped down, the more people resisted. Gerald himself found favor with a handful of Jarls, some of which sailed down with us, who protected him from the hunts."

He paused, "It took time to build the ships, even with a dedicated force constructing them. Enough time for stories to twist in on themselves. With Gerald going village to village spreading tales of your deeds, and Horrik's increasingly extreme measures to snuff out every word… it all came to a head roughly when the first ships were done. Because Horrik assumed that the ships were going to be used on him."

He was right, in a roundabout way. Those ships would eventually arrive on Denmark's shores, but only years from now. The reaction was understandable, even if I was reluctant to admit as such.

"Horrik's reign is too new for the kind of measures that he took. He might be king, but half the Jarls that served under Godfrey resent him for one reason or another. It came to a breaking point, of sorts. Gerald was recruiting for your army, but Horrik just saw it as an army that was going to be used on him. With the crackdown, the missionaries, and the ships…" He trailed off like he wasn't sure how to explain it and that deeply worried me.

"Horrik summoned his own army to crush Gerald and the recruits. They attacked a Jarl, and there was a slaughter there," he continued, taking a sip from the horn when a servant offered to fill it. "He claimed that he was putting down a rebellion, and… well, he was half right if we're being honest. But the other Jarls saw it as an attack on them. That started something of an actual rebellion, but Horrik is cunning. One of the Jarls was a turncloak so when it came to an actual battle…"

What in the name of the gods had I set in motion? I was truly starting to wonder as I heard the tale. My gambit to bleed Horrik of his strength had worked beyond my expectations, but this sounded like a real mess.

Hoffer huffed, "There was another slaughter. Wasn't there for it myself, but I heard about it and it sounded like a real bloodletting. I only saw the aftermath of it, truth be told. Which was when I was on my way to meet up with Gerald and the recruits he had gathered in Saxony, only to find a few Jarls and their households in exile."

At that, Jill stilled, "Then the army that is coming…"

"Is no true army, I'm afraid," Hoffer admitted with some reluctance. "I'd call it a thousand fighting men. Perhaps a thousand and five hundred, if we're being generous. Most of the herd are young boys hoping for glory, disgraced nobility, and true believers who think this is a promised land."

A thousand men? That was too few. That was far too few. When I had learned how many people were coming, I let my hopes rise -- perhaps there were five thousand warriors. Perhaps six thousand. Maybe all ten thousand of the people coming were warriors ready to swear to my banner. But a thousand was… less than even my initial hopes.

I would have to compensate, I realized. The boys could be taught, but that would take time. My other alternative was to recruit from Rome and the Abbasids. Risky. And there was the issue that I would be leaving the Mediterranean eventually, and it would be a tall ask for them to leave their temperate home to join me up north.

Not to mention the issue of these people believing that Norland was a promised land of some sort. I imagine they'd be less than pleased to learn that I would be returning to Denmark in a few years.

"That's what took you so long?" Astrid questioned, playing with Ragnar while Hoffer nodded.

"Aye. Supplies were a real issue, so we had to hunt and raid to make up for what we lacked," Hoffer explained. So they would be hungry. "We ended up overrunning Kiev when they barred us entry since they knew we were coming. I saw that coming beforehand, so I had an advance guard make their way into the city and when we did arrive, they managed to get the gates open for us."

My headache got worse. "You took Kiev?" I asked for clarification and I got a small nod in response. Hoffer was expecting praise for that. And it was a bit of clever thinking that solved his problem. The issue was that it gave me another one on an already overfilled plate.

"We did. No choice about it, really. They would have sent us on our way if we hadn't," Hoffer started to defend himself but I waved away his concerns.

"No, you did well," I reassured him, mulling over the revelation. For better or worse, my people had occupied Kiev. An isolated town that the artery to my people flowed through. The issue was that I very much doubted that the city's owner would be content to leave it in our hands. Worse, when they did take it back, I doubted they would be so willing to let us sail by when it was time to return home.

The Khazars could be bribed to allow us passage, but I was reluctant to pay such a price. Especially for what they would ask for since Kiev would have been essentially sacked. That wasn't something that could be waived off with an apology.

A plan started to form in the back of my mind to deal with the issue, but I would need more information first. "I would need to speak with Gerald. I may have a task for him," I started, only to see Hoffer winced. I paused, narrowing my eyes, "... Dare I ask where he is?"

Hoffer didn't want to answer and I almost suspected that he was dead. And that I didn't want the answer to that question. But, all the same, Hoffer confessed the truth.

"He's still in Denmark, lord Wolf-Kissed. He's fighting against King Horrik," Hoffer answered and I frowned, something not adding up.

"With who?" If the recruits were barely a thousand men strong, then who was Gerald fighting with?

"Christians. Of a sort, I suppose," Hoffer amended and my confusion only grew.

"Do I even want to know?" I genuinely asked, because I truly wasn't sure I did. Gerald was a zealot who named me one of his gods. Him managing to find common cause with Christians beggared belief-

…No.

Hoffer seemed like he was considering shaking his head. But he thought better of it and in a rush, he explained. "Like I said, with the missionaries… things got mixed up a bit. Or a lot."

No.

"As far as the Christians are aware, they're fighting in the name of God. Who you happen to be… either a prophet for or the son of, depending on who you ask."

Ah.

I see.

I was right.

I didn't want to know.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, Andell, Eerrw and 789 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Taking Action
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,198
As I had expected, Irene was less than happy to learn that there were ten thousand pagans ready to set sail towards Crete. Actually, less than happy was too much of an understatement. What she felt was more of a barely restrained, frothing at the mouth rage, hidden behind a practiced smile as she summoned me to Constantinople for an explanation.

She sat across from me in the same chamber she had met Otto in, except the servants were fewer, and their previous positions stood guards. That, more than anything else, indicated a shift in our relationship. A cooling of the favor that she had shown me until this point. She wore a crown, dressed in heavy silks and jewels. True Vision revealed that the light blue she had been had faded into a light gray.

It was to be expected. "The situation in Denmark is more unstable than I had anticipated. Far more so. The tales spun about my deeds have taken a life of their own." I offered as an explanation, however unwelcome it was. Because it was clear that Irene didn't want answers or excuses. She was angry. "As it stands, the vast majority of them are currently in Kiev. Most are refugees, in practice. Exiled nobles that were defeated, and chose to follow me here as we share a common enemy."

And because they thought I would lead them to the Christian Promised Land.

I had to do what I could to prevent that little heresy from reaching Irene's ears. The entire thing was a headache of the highest order, but if these people thought I was interfering with their faith? Things were bad enough when they hated me for being a pagan.

"I granted you permission to recruit amongst your kind," Irene replied, her tone clipped. "It was a fair and reasonable request, I thought. These warriors would depart with you when you set sail to your homeland. I face significant criticism for the decision, I'll remind you. Your many detractors claimed you were paving way for an invasion force. With this, you've proven them right, refugees or not. You've made me look like a fool for trusting you."

That was the part that angered her the most. I was considered her pet pagan, and my value came from my use to her. But the first time I had caused her any amount of trouble?

Loyalty wasn't a virtue she possessed.

"Do you claim that these refugees would be content to set sail with your departure? One and all?" She continued, and the truth of the matter was…

"Yes," I replied, not entirely sure if it was a lie or not. "If I tell them to, then they will." Lie or not, I spoke the words as if they were the truth and I saw that gave Irene pause. She had been building herself up, stoking the flames of her anger, but suddenly she found that a harsh breeze reduced the flames to embers. "Regent, to these people I am a god. Not like a god. To them, I am Jesus Christ as Jesus is to you."

I heard one of the guards choke on the word blasphemy, but all harsh truths were hard to swallow. "They have set sail merely because they heard word of my existence. If I tell them to leave with me, then they would leave. Unless you would refuse a command from Jesus himself?"

I didn't like it. The thought of it made my skin crawl, and I could only imagine how the gods would punish me for my hubris. I could only hope that Odin saw the value of my ploy because, as distasteful as I found it, it was undeniably true. I was merely using how true it was to create a convincing lie.

"That… is the single most arrogant thing I've heard in my life, Lord Siegfried," Irene replied dryly, but I noticed that her anger had been smothered. Somewhat.

"I'm well aware," I admitted freely. "But it's the truth of the matter. I have far greater control over my people than most. Then you or Caliph Harun. Where my control is lacking is in their… overzealousness in obeying me." To that, her eyes narrowed a fraction and her polite smile became strained. Her burden wasn't one I could claim to understand. In the end, it wasn't a problem I had ever encountered -- my first experience with leadership was when Thorkell swore his mercenary band to me. I hadn't been worthy of it then, but I had learned to be a worthy leader.

Irene had to fight tooth and nail for the same privileges and respect that was effortlessly given to her son simply because he was a man. Even though he was yet to grow into one. Twice the effort for half the acknowledgment. Any mistake was pounced on as evidence to prove that she was undeserving or incapable. It was why I was such a convenient shield for her, and why she was so angry.

"On that account, you have nothing to worry about. One way or the other, they will follow me home," I told her, lying outright. That would be a problem for another day, but it wouldn't be my problem. "What I'm more concerned about is an… influx of my people during this Christian debate."

Irene was settling in her throne, "You speak as if you have a solution."

"The easiest thing to do would be to keep them in Kiev until the debate is over. However, I doubt that the Khazars would be so welcoming to the thought." I said. I doubted that Irene would so much as shed a tear at the thought of my people being put under siege. Before she could say as much, I continued, "To that end, I intend to reinforce them with a significant portion of my mercenaries."

Likely under the command of Thorkell. I had given the plan some thought, and Kiev was simply too important for me to cast away so easily. Both now and for my future plans.

Irene hid her true thoughts, but I knew that she didn't care for the idea. Not in the slightest. Primarily because, as much as she may dislike the thought of it -- my army was her greatest weapon and shield against the Abbadids. Seeing us diminished weakened her and lessened our value, which is why she had so easily approved sending for reinforcements.

"That," Irene started, exactly as I hoped she would, "would be an unnecessary risk. A single city can be garrisoned with little issue, so long as the city itself pays homage to Rome." She likely didn't think much of it, and that was where her lack of experience showed. Simply put, Irene was not a conqueror. She had been deliberately excluded from military matters because of her gender and it showed.

I inclined my head to her, "That is easier said than done, I'm afraid. Kiev is isolated from Rome. It would leave you exposed and, should the city be taken when you've garrisoned troops on my behalf…" I trailed off and her lips thinned ever so slightly.

"A fine point," she conceded as she tilted her head ever so slightly, knowing I was getting at something. "Then what course of action do you intend to pursue?"

I smiled thinly, "Bulgaria." That caught her attention. "Kiev sits on the Dnieper River, which acts as the border between Bulgaria and the Khazars. As it is, it's isolated between two enemy kingdoms. The simplest thing to do, in that case, is to remove one of the kingdoms."

Greed. I saw it in her eyes and I knew what she wanted to do. But she saw an immediate issue as practicality barely managed to win out. "What of the Abbasids?" She prompted, shifting in her seat. "Our truce is almost up."

"The Abbasids will not invade while I remain in the Mediterranean," I answered confidently, not entirely sure if that was true or not. "They can ill afford to. The defeat they suffered at my hands largely was blamed on his father, saving Caliph Harun's reputation as he assumed the throne. But he understands that he cannot amass a large scale invasion force and protect his coasts from me at the same time. To say nothing of his sister, Princess Jasmine."

"Yet, they amass an army as we speak," Irene countered and I nodded.

"To defend themselves from us," I said confidently, as if it were fact and not a guess. "It has been a very long time since the Roman Empire has been in a position to invade the Abbasids. They have experienced my ability to take their cities and fortresses first hand, and I have already soundly defeated Caliph Harun on the field of battle once already. They look to the Roman Empire, seeing the army that is amassing, and they assume that it will be used on them."

Because it was going to be. Unless I could shift targets.

"Would they not act upon this… distraction?" Irene pondered, and I could see her mulling over the idea. She had wanted to provoke an invasion from the Abbasids to help distract the people from the result of the grand debate. She wanted the military achievements to help solidify her rule. This wasn't what she wanted, but she was warming up to the idea.

"If provided with a large enough opening, I'm sure they would," I admitted. Caliph Harun would be a fool to miss such an opportunity. "If you were to fully march on the West, the Abbasids would almost certainly seize the opportunity. However, you don't need to mobilize your armies. Leave them in the East to deter the Abbasids. While I deliver Bulgaria to the Roman Empire."

This was my gambit. Well, it was part of my gambit.

Irene wanted it. She did her best to hide it, but I was giving her exactly what she wanted -- military achievements made in her name. Not just rebuffing an invasion, but expanding the Empire for the first time in decades. Reclaiming the territories that had been steadily lost to the Bulgars.

But it wasn't in her nature to snatch a victory without thought, to her credit. "The thought does appeal to me," she admitted. "But I question your ability to take a kingdom so easily -- my husband and his forebears could not so easily reclaim the rebellious lands. Especially with so few men."

I inclined my head to her, "I can defeat their armies and take their cities. That, in the end, shall be the easiest part of it." The moment I had heard that there were only a thousand warriors coming from my attempt at recruitment, I started to make adjustments to my plans. "The key to success in this venture is three fold -- leaving a light garrison in the major towns after I conquer them, the capture and subjugation of the Bulgar king, and speed."

Holding my hands out wide, as if I had nothing to hide, I continued. "I don't possess the numbers to defeat a unified Bulgarian army." According to recent records, as recent as a decade ago at least, the Bulgarians could muster an army as large as thirty thousand, but only in times of desperation. After recruiting from the mercenaries, I had four thousand and five hundred men left under my banner.

The battle of Ravenfeast had worked because I had held the home advantage. I knew the terrain. More than that, I had the time to bleed them of their strength in a hostile and barren land.

"My intentions are to defeat their armies before they have a chance to unify. It is far easier to defeat ten thousand men three times than to defeat thirty thousand once." I said, baiting her and I saw her mulling it over in her mind. Odds were that I wouldn't even be facing that number. Thirty thousand men was a significant force to mobilize and coordinate -- if all went to plan, then I would conquer the kingdom before I faced their true might.

"With this latest development, I cannot have you be seen roaming unchecked. Even to conquer in our name," she said and I had to swallow a smile. "A legion shall be spared, under the command of Daimon." I'm glad she offered that Roman commander, as it saved me from asking for him. He was the leader of the reinforcements that had been sent to Norland during the Abbasid attack -- he was a good man, but more importantly, he did what he was told. "I understand this might chafe, but it is necessary. Your achievements can not merely be your achievements."

I feigned reluctance and offered a single curt nod, "It is understood." A legion of reinforcements. Five thousand men, though they would not be up to the standard of the legions of the past. That was fine. For the most part, I needed the Romans as a buffer, and those that had talent I would try to recruit to my banner.

Irene nodded, satisfied that I had been easily cowed. "How long do you expect this invasion to take?"

To that, I smiled, "I'll have it done by year's end."

…

The Abbasids, the Romans, and the Franks. All of them were pulling me into their own direction, using me for my army or my influence or merely so that I was not used on them by their enemies. It was a frustrating, if beneficial, position to be in.

I had thought long and hard about the 'offer' that King Charlemagne had sent me -- to aid in his invasion of Iberia. The thought had been more appealing when I believed I was receiving thousands of recruits that needed to be tested and blooded. But, even now, the thought still appealed to me. To my knowledge, Iberia was a land rich in silver and gold.

Given that I couldn't raid the Abbasids without making things unnecessarily awkward, and I obviously couldn't raid the Romans as they held my contract, and the Franks would retaliate not just upon me but on Saxony, raiding the Umayyads was an appealing thought indeed, especially when I could think of a use for all that silver.

My plate was overfull with problems, and it was time I started providing solutions.

Which is how I found myself on a small fishing boat sailing to a port that I just barely recognized.

Acre.

"Have I mentioned that I think this is a terrible idea?" Thorkell asked from the rudder, dressed in a foreign garb. Much like I was -- a rough hewn tunic and trousers, with my red hair hidden beneath a turban. My cheeks were shaven bare to make me a little less identifiable while the scar on my neck was covered.

"Only a couple times," I replied, looking over the city. It had recovered well since I was last here -- when my army looted everything that wasn't nailed down and stole every ship. The harbor wasn't as busy as it should have been with the number of docks available to it, but it was for that reason we were able to enter it easily.

"Then let me repeat myself one more time," Thorkell said, the boat lightly bumping into the dock with a sense of finality. "This is a terrible idea. Enlightened self interest only goes so far. If people always did what was in their own interests, there wouldn't be any fools, drunkards, or married men, now would there?"

I chuckled, disembarking from the ship and accepting a rope to tie it to the dock. "No married men? An odd thing to say when I know you've been courting Kassandra," I pointed out.

"That's different," Thorkell defended and, for all of his griping, he still followed me down the dock.

"How so?"

"For one, we aren't married. And two, I can't understand a word she says," He replied blandly. I laughed lightly at that -- I had only noticed a growing fondness between the two when Jill pointed it out to me. And Morrigan confirmed it. "It's why we work."

I hummed, spotting the harbormaster office. "Is that why you're learning Greek?"

Thorkell paused, "I said I wasn't a married man. I never said I wasn't a fool." The admission came with an easy shrug before he sighed. "I just… I don't like the look of this, Sieg. Even you'd have a challenge surviving this if they don't want to treat with you."

He was right, but it was a worthy risk. I knocked at the door to the office and I head a shout in Arabic to enter. The door swung open with a low squeal and I looked upon a fat man behind a counter that was heavy with oddities. He looked us over once but he ultimately dismissed us until I approached with a handful of coin, "I would like to use your backroom."

It was a phrase that had been given to me through Jasmine. The spies that Caliph Harun kept in Norland made it easy to slip a message to the Abbasids by simply giving them an opportunity to contact her. It took a few days for me to hear a reply, but I did.

The harbormaster's eyes widened a fraction, and True Vision marked him as gray. Not an enemy, at least. He licked his lips before nodding, "The backroom is yours. You… have been expected," he added somewhat hesitantly, before getting up and grabbing a key. Getting up, he led us to the door and I took a slow bracing breath. In all honesty, this conversation promised to be more nerve-wracking than the one with Irene.

The door swung open, revealing a backroom. I was first greeted by the scent of ink and parchment mingled with incense. And perfume, I soon noticed, stepping into it to find only two people standing across from the door.

"Emir Hadi," I greeted the man, who looked like he had recovered fully from the events a year ago. He was less skinny, his arms fuller and shoulders broader. A sword rested easily at his waist and I turned my attention to the other person in the room. "Lady Sheba," I greeted her, seeing the woman for the first time.

She was beautiful. Taller than Hadi, dressed in a fine dress, a veil over her face that couldn't hide her smiling green eyes. The Queen of Trade, as I've heard her referred to as. A title that she richly deserved by all accounts.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed," Lady Sheba returned while Hadi watched me silently. Cautiously. "My apologies for the location, it's most certainly beneath your status. But, we cannot have word spreading of the Pagan visiting Acre. I believe that would be rather unfortunate for us both." She spoke, her tone as sweet as honey. Or poison, depending on her mood.

"Very unfortunate," I agreed easily. Thorkell stood by the door, keeping an ear out in case this was a trap. "But it is worth the risk, I assure you."

At least, that was my hope. It was a dangerous game that I was playing, but if I played it well…

"That remains to be seen," Hadi spoke, a sigh in his voice. "Given that I doubt that this is an offer to sell your services to Caliph Harun. You don't strike me as the cloak and dagger type." I would take that as a compliment, even if his tone was searching.

"I'm not," I agreed readily. "This is more for the sake of convenience," I added, gesturing to myself. Mostly my shaved face. My beard had just started to fill out, too.

To that, Sheba smiled beneath her veil, "We are most eager to hear what this offer is. It must be something most interesting given the risk you are taking."

Right. To the heart of the matter, then. "King Charlemagne of Francia has decided to solicit my services as a mercenary to aid him in his invasion of Iberia against the Umayyad Caliphate," I started, and I could tell that wasn't where they thought this conversation was going. "He's chosen to do so through extortion -- empowering my enemies at home while attacking my allies."

Charlemagne's offer was a hard one to refuse. The cost of doing so was so great -- Horrik would be supported by the Franks. Meaning that when I returned to Denmark, I would be forced to contend with them both. That would lead to Saxony once more being invaded and I couldn't see them withstanding such an alliance. Meaning that my ally in King Widukind would be removed from the board.

And, by helping him, not only would those consequences be averted… but helping him was also in my short term interests. An invasion into Iberia, a land that had resisted him so fiercely, would tie down his armies for years. Long enough for me to finish my studies and return to claim my throne.

Charlemagne's intentions were easy enough to figure out. The mines throughout the region would be a boon to his country's coffers, even if I take the loot from the cities. Long term, that region alone would be able to support his warmongering financially once the mines were in full production.

Refusing would be foolish. Even without any other factors -- the sheer wealth I could claim in Iberia was considerable. Spite wasn't a reason to justify foolish behavior.

That being said, I found the idea of merely doing Charlemagne's bidding distasteful.

Hadi narrowed his eyes at the news, and he was clever enough to see where I was going with this. "Then he intends to finally conquer it." The news of the invasion wasn't a surprise -- Charlemagne had been invading Iberia for almost as long as he had been King of the Franks. But, for all that he gained, he lost just as much. Always because his armies retreated back beyond the mountains and the garrisons were overthrown.

I nodded, "He does. He intends for me to pave the way for his forces to defeat the Umayyad Caliphate. Once and for all."

Sheba tilted her head, "I have yet to hear an offer, Lord Wolf-Kissed."

"What I offer is an opportunity," I replied, knowing that this was the most important part and I could only wish that Jill was here with me. If only the danger wasn't so great. "I intend to gut the Umayyads Caliphate and crush their armies. It would be a good experience for my recruits and the spoils would be a worthy prize. But, the thought occurs to me… the Umayyads would be opened to attacks from the south as much as they would from the north."

There was a loud silence in the wake of my words. My gambit.

Let the Franks and the Abbasids make war with each other over the corpses of the Umayyads. Iberia would become a poisoned chalice for Charlemagne -- he would have a far greater adversary than the Umayyads could hope to be. Something that he would only learn when it was far too late. Likewise, the Abbasids had every reason to want to reclaim the land and its silver mines.

The Abbasid dynasty had committed a rebellion to assume the throne some few decades ago. Against the Umayyad dynasty. A prince of the former dynasty then managed to perform a rebellion against the Abbasids and now ruled over a rich portion of what had been part of the Abbasid Caliphate. However briefly.

As such, with the Abbasid dynasty so new upon the throne, the existence of an established member of the previous dynasty was… unwelcome, I imagined.

"Do you really believe we would go to war so easily on your word?" Hadi questioned, his lips thinning. He didn't say the words like he believed them. Because he saw the facts as I did.

"King Charlemagne is a conqueror king. Alexander the Great come again, if he would have anything to say about it. Simply put -- if he conquers Iberia, it is not a matter of if he'll invade the Abbasid Caliphate. It's a matter of when. And, if memory serves… it is your land that he would be invading first." I pointed out and Hadi's grip on his blade tightened ever so slightly.

"Emir Asad's," he corrected, tiredly. He was the acting regent for a vast stretch of land. Already, the Umayyads were a concern for him. According to rumor, the Umayyads had been looking at the weakened territory upon hearing most of its garrison forces had been slaughtered at Ravenfeast. "And… your memory does serve you. Unfortunately."

"It's a matter of prudence. You'll have a much easier time keeping Iberia out of Charlemagne's hands than you would in taking them from him. And, if I have learned nothing else in my stay in these foreign lands -- it is that Muslims wish to be ruled by Muslims, and Christians wish to be ruled by Christians. If his actions against my own people is any indication… under his rule, the Muslims of Iberia will see a bloodletting on a scale that they have never imagined." I added grimly, thinking of the severed heads at the base of a sapling of the World Tree. Men, women, and children alike.

Sheba turned to Hadi, who held up a hand as he closed his eyes for a brief moment, an expression of suffering flickering across his face. Likely imagining such a fate on his fellow Muslims. "We can make no promises at this juncture, I'm sure you understand. But… I imagine that you've made some compelling points to convince Caliph Harun al-Rashid." He admitted with a sigh in his voice.

It would seem for all his talent at war, he didn't relish a chance to battle.

I would have preferred an outright confirmation one way or the other, but I hadn't expected I would be so lucky. Wars couldn't be started on a whim. Or, rather, they shouldn't. So, I inclined my head to Hadi and his wife, "I hope Caliph Harun comes to a wise conclusion," I said, making to leave, my offer made and heard.

It was only when we were getting on the boat and setting sail back to Norland that I allowed myself a small smile.

Caliph Harun was nothing if not wise.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DragonCaster12, Andell, Eerrw and 738 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Chosen New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,231
Things were moving. Slowly, but steadily. My return to Norland was marked with little fanfare, and things continued normally for the most part. Norland was continuously built up -- the forum was rapidly nearing completion, as it was worked on all hours of the day. It wasn't a grand building by any means, nothing in comparison to something like the Hagia Sophia. But it was a good learning experience.

It was a period of calm before a storm, I felt. I had made some very large promises and I was rushing to make sure that I could follow through with them. Irene, at least, was following up with her own ends. An army of five thousand men were hastily being assembled from recruits in Greece and the area around Macedonia. I had seen them, and the vast majority were young men seeking fame and fortune.

That would serve me just fine. In function, the Romans would act as auxiliaries to the core of my army -- I needed them for their numbers, while my army would be the ones to deliver decisive blows to the Bulgarians. With my recruitment of local mercenaries, I had brought our numbers back up to four thousand total. With the thousand recruits waiting in Kiev, in theory, we were back to full strength. With another five thousand in a joint army, we were even stronger than we had ever been.

The issue was timing.

"What Irene wants is a distraction," I voiced, assembling my council -- my wives, Hoffer, and the commanders of my army. "The iconoclast issue is going to be a decisive one, and she anticipates significant unrest when the 'debate' overturns the matter. Victory and the first true expansion the Roman Empire has seen in the better part of a century will be spun as their God's approval. Meaning, in practice, we have up to four and a half months to conquer the Bulgarian Empire. Starting today."

The grand debate would last around two months, according to Irene. It was an estimation rather than an ironclad number, so it could be a little more or it could be a little less.

"Completely?" Hoffer questioned, looking down at the map on the table. It was a shame, but I wouldn't be able to make a model of Bulgaria to help plan the invasion. Thankfully, the University had a plethora of maps available as Bulgaria, almost in its entirety, once belonged to the Roman Empire. As such, the map marked the roads, the major settlements, and it had since been adjusted to keep up to date with the towns that the Bulgarians had settled since.

"Not completely, but decisively," I amended, placing a marker on the map. "Enough so that the Romans don't have to worry about a rebellion immediately," I continued, placing another marker on the map. "To that end… Irene is making a gamble. Michael Lachanodrakon is one of the staunchest iconoclasts in the Empire, and many have rallied around him when it comes to the issue. He will be given a command in the aftermath of our invasion."

Thorkell chuckled, "Giving him rope to see if he decides to hang himself with it?"

"Essentially, yes." It was a dangerous game, but a cunning one, I could admit. Putting all of her enemies in a single place, giving them an opportunity and a motive to rebel against her. Only it was a trap. Her own armies would be mustered under the guise of preparing for the Abbasids, and my army would be poised to crush the rebellion before it had a chance to build itself up.

If Michael Lachanodrakon did decide to rebel, then his immediate defeat and the subsequent lack of figures for iconoclasts to rally behind would see that the verdict would be upheld. The unrest would be crushed and Irene's rule would be solidified that much more. Because the largest of her detractors just so happened to be the iconoclasts.

Likewise, it would be an opportunity to get rid of me -- both in Regent Irene's eyes, and Michael's. Should we be defeated, then I would be a problem that solved itself. Michael, similarly, would be dealt with afterwards as Irene would pounce on his weakened army. All of that assuming that I lost.

"To that end, this invasion requires speed above all else," I said, putting a final piece on the map. "Thanks to the texts Rome keeps, we know how and where the Bulgarians martial their armies." Since the rebellion that led to the founding of the second empire, the Romans had clashed with the Bulgarians dozens of times in attempts to reconquer the lost province. They failed, but compiled what information they could in the hopes of using it against them in the future. I doubted that the writers of these texts imagined that I would be the one to use them, but they were helpful all the same.

"They rely on defensive forts placed in strategic positions to slow any invasion coming from the Romans," I said, gesturing to where they were marked on the map. Whenever the Bulgarians noticed any significant military build up, they would occupy these forts with a few hundred men. Enough to make attacking them painful and slow, but also too dangerous to simply ignore and move around. "They serve a dual purpose, as there are other avenues into Bulgaria that would otherwise be slower but without need for a siege, yet this also pushes the Romans to march the path that the Bulgarians want them to."

It was a clever strategy. To my understanding, the terrain of Bulgaria was mountainous, with large hills and dense forests. It wasn't an easy country to invade in the first place. So, by controlling where the Romans struck, they could far more easily prepare their defenses.

But it wasn't a flawless strategy by any means. And I was hardly the first to notice the strength of their defenses and spot weaknesses in them.

I took the marker that signified my army, "I intend to take one of these paths with a portion of our men to bait them into a rushed response. Histories show that they can muster five thousand men with some readiness -- against two thousand, they should feel confident enough to go on the offensive." I said, adding a token on the map and pushing it against my army. My commanders watched on, seeing that the path I would take would eventually lead to one of Bulgaria's major cities.

"In the meantime -- Astrid, Thorkell, you will set sail to Kiev with another two thousand of our men to link up with the recruits there," I told them, adding more tokens to the map. Astrid perked up instantly, an expression of anticipation flashing across her face. "Once you do, you'll march down into Bulgaria to besiege this settlement." I said, pointing to it.

Thorkell looked at me and I favored him with a small smile. I hadn't forgotten the oath I had made him. "It won't be a true siege. Merely a distraction. Or, so the Bulgarians shall likely think." I continued and Thorkell offered a shallow nod. Our army would be on opposite ends of the empire, which posed a danger to us, but I had confidence that both of our divided armies could withstand such odds. Thorkell's Blessing worked with whoever was in charge of the army, while Astrid's allowed her to see everything on a marked field.

They weren't the ones I was worried about.

"The Bulgarians have already prepared themselves for an invasion. They've seen the military build up happening in Rome, and they have prepared themselves accordingly." I continued before I grabbed the token that represented the Roman legion. "Odds are, they'll see our attacks as a distraction from the main force. And, from there, the Bulgarians have four paths available to them. All of which serve our needs."

I looked over the faces of my commanders, "The best case scenario for us is if they attempt to divide their forces to deal with all three of us at the same time. But, I doubt that we should be so lucky. Alternatively, they can bring all of their focus on one of us -- in the case that they attack me, then you are to link up with the Romans and press the attack. If you are the focus, then you shall retreat to Kiev while I link with the Romans and relieve you. Lastly, and this is the most likely, they shall focus on the Romans."

I leaned forward, "They are not our concern." I spoke coldly, looking at each of them in turn. "We shall link up and while they are distracted, we strike for the capital and capture their royal family." I finished, making the markers flow to a central point.

Khan Kardam, ruler of Bulgaria, was an interim ruler by all accounts. He was no Julius Caesar, forger of empires and a brilliant statesman. Neither was he a Caligula, a debauched despot hated by Rome's nobility. He was neither great nor terrible. Not particularly beloved nor particularly disliked. Under his lengthy rule of nearly thirty years, nothing had changed for Bulgaria beyond the occasional raid on its neighbors or defending itself from raids by its neighbors.

I wanted to underestimate him. It was my natural inclination, but Hadi had taught me how dangerous doing such a thing was.

"It's very possible that the Bulgarians shall continue to fight then, and after they defeat the Romans, we shall meet their weakened army on a field of our choosing." According to rumors and texts, the Bulgarians favored their cavalry. Far more so than the Abbasids. To that end, I had several plans on how to deal with them as my own cavalry was comparatively lacking.

Thorkell nodded along, "Sounds like a great plan. What happens when it goes to shit?" He asked, earning a few chuckles from the others and a mild smile from me.

He was correct on that mark. I could make all the plans that I wanted, but that didn't mean the Bulgarians had to follow them.

"In that case… you use the Blessings I shall give to all of you," I said, my gaze sweeping over everyone once more. Thorkell cocked an eyebrow, but the others seemed confused. It was no surprise why. It was something that I had kept close to my chest, but now… now was the time. "After Charlemagne was defeated in the field, the gods granted me an ability. The very same ability that Charlemagne possesses, given to him by his God, that he used to create his Paladins."

That got more of a reaction. Alfreic shifted where he stood, "Then you are…?"

He didn't need to finish. "I'm no god, but they have granted me their favor. Far more than most," I admitted. "A Blessing is no light matter. It is not something I can give out carelessly, or without thought. But, everyone here has proven themselves and their loyalty. For this reason, in the battles to come, I would have you wear my Blessing, to become my Chosen Warriors."

It was a calculated decision. I had a fair amount of Prestige gathered up, just enough to Bless everyone in the room, with perhaps one of them receiving a second Blessing. I had kept so much of it in reserve, hoarding it like a dwarf did gold in case I ever had a sudden need for it. Today I felt that need. "Should you accept, know this -- our fates are bound. From this day until our last day."

There was a sudden heavy air that settled in the room. None of this was news to Jill, Astrid, Morrigan, or Thorkell, but it was quite the revelation to the others.

That silence was broken by Athrun standing up, bringing everyone's attention to him. The leader of my scouts and archers was around my age, though he seemed much smaller now that I had started growing larger. He held my gaze for a moment before speaking, "I've already sworn an oath to you. Our fates are already one. I shall accept this blessing."

His voice was firm, surprisingly so when he was usually so reserved and soft spoken. I nodded to him, accepting his oath once more, "Then step forward."

I didn't expect for Athrun to kneel before me, but perhaps I should have. Hoffer and Alfric watched on with baited breath, expecting something far more grandiose as I granted Athrun a Blessing.

Martial: Animal Totem.
- The user can take on an attribute of a chosen animal. Can be changed once a day, upon dawn.

Eagle: Enhanced sight.
Bear: Enhanced strength.
Hound: Enhanced smell and hearing.
Cat: Enhanced agility and reflex.
Wolf: Those under user's command instinctively utilize pack tactics.

Athrun stilled as the Blessing took hold and I removed my hand from him. He looked up at me, rising unsteadily to his feet. I pondered his Blessing -- it was quite a useful one. I almost wished it for myself, but I knew it would serve Athrun well. He looked down at his hands for a moment, feeling Hoffer, Olek, and Alfric's questioning gazes upon him before he reached out to a wooden tankard.

Then effortlessly crushed it in his grip.

That got the reaction I expected from them. Seeing was believing, after all.

Olek grunted, saying nothing, not even now as he approached me. He dropped to a knee, bowing his head and I had to fight off a smile. Even now, he was unapologetically himself. Then again, I didn't need to hear him say the words.

Martial: Unyielding
- When attacking or defending, the soldiers under the user's command have increased endurance. Minor wounds are more easily ignored, the soldiers can fight harder and for longer without need of rest, food, or water.

Warning: Reduced need does not eliminate all need for sleep, food, and water. Wounds, if left unattended for long enough, could prove fatal.

A perfect choice for Olek, and one that had me rethinking on how I would structure my army. Placing the bulk of it under his command, however impractical it might be, seemed rather appealing now. But, such things could wait. Olek stood up, feeling the Blessing take root within him, before he stepped back.

"I will swear to you, Lord Siegfried," Alfric said, spurred on by proof and not wanting to be last. Hoffer, however, seemed indecisive and I could easily guess the reason why.

"Then step forward," I instructed and Alfric did as ordered. Athrun stepped back, admiring his newfound strength and standing taller as one of my Chosen. Repeating the process, I felt more of my Prestige leave me as Alfric was granted a Blessing.

Martial: Poise
- Momentum generates Poise, which allows the user to endure blows that would otherwise knock them back. Example: User is sprinting forward and is struck by a warhammer. Instead of being knocked back, the user's Poise is reduced, allowing the user to press onward.

Warning: Does not prevent injury.

Alfric's Blessing was a strange one, but I quickly understood how it was to be used. In a cavalry charge. With Alfric at the tip of the charge, he could smash through the line, carried onward by his momentum far more so than others would be. The men that would be trampled would merely steadily slow him.

"That felt… strange," Alfric admitted, standing up as he tried to identify the change in him. He stepped near Athrun and Olek. I could tell they would need some time to adjust, but in the meantime, I looked to Hoffer, who still seemed indecisive.

"I am my father's heir," Hoffer spoke up, admitting to the issue. "The heir to the kingdom of Norway. What you ask, Wolf-Kissed, is to divide my loyalty. To swear fealty, in essence."

It was Astrid that spoke, "You're making it more complicated than it has to be, brother. Our kingdoms are already joined by marriage." She reminded him, reaching out to pat my hand and Hoffer's lips thinned.

"I don't deny that," he hastily clarified. "But one day, I shall be king. King of Norway. If I swear this oath, here and now, to he who shall one day be King of Denmark…" he trailed off, looking at me. He didn't want to so easily give up the crown that I had won for his father. I wasn't surprised. It was an issue that I had foreseen quite easily. As it stood, I had a strong alliance with Norway. That wasn't likely to change after I assumed the throne of Denmark.

What I proposed was a big change from our assumed relationship.

"I understand your reluctance," I admitted. "So I will not ask for your answer now. But, before you decide anything… allow me to tell you of my plans for the future." I said, giving Astrid's hand a small squeeze. Hoffer frowned, and I could see his doubt that I could convince him of anything, but he was at least inclined to listen.

"The Romans have no intention of allowing our people to stay in Crete with our departure," I said, and that wasn't really a surprise to anyone. "Before, we were a short lived and temporary problem. That is no longer the case. I'm almost certain that any who choose to remain behind in the Mediterranean will be slaughtered. Especially with nearly ten thousand of our people sailing down the Dnieper seeking to live in Crete."

As I spoke, I walked back to a chest in the room and pulled out a second map. Jill moved the one of Bulgaria to the side, allowing me to unfurl a map of the Mediterranean. "I cannot control the wills of other men. Should they choose to remain, then I cannot force them to leave. However, I can and shall safeguard them to the best of my abilities."

Hoffer was listening closely, gazing upon the map with a small frown. "Meaning?"

"There are many islands in the Mediterranean. Crete is only one of them. Cyprus. Sicily. Sardinia. Corsica. The Balearic Islands. Minorca." With each name, I pointed at the island on the map and everyone's eyes followed. "Not to mention the many smaller islands scattered about."

Now I leaned forward and spoke in a low voice, "I intend to take them for our people. To keep them outside of the Roman's grip… and to oversee our interests in the Mediterranean after our departure." I could see Hoffer starting to understand what I meant. It was a plan that had slowly come together over my time here. Something I had pondered but didn't think too deeply about until I was forced to deal with this current crisis.

And when I started to consider my Dynasty.

"The Dnieper will be a vital artery to connect our people with the Mediterranean. As such, we must maintain a presence in Kiev. It must be ours. Additionally, I wish to continue to foster a relationship with the Abbasids. In all likelihood, they shall be our allies in the Mediterranean after our contract with Irene ends." Which was a shame, but I had to be practical. The Abbasids courted me so openly because I was a thorn in their side that they wanted to take out and put into the Roman's. I could use that, and so I would.

Thorkell leaned across from me, more absorbed into the plan now. "What of Norland?"

"I will uphold my obligations," I replied with a slow smirk tugging at my lips. "But after my contract ends, I have no obligations. The city will likely be sold to Michalis, but… I don't expect him to maintain a grip on it for very long. If not because of the Romans stripping it from him, then because the Abbasids shall invade… and they shall have our peoples help when they do."

It almost felt wrong to plot against my contract holder, but I couldn't call this a betrayal. I would remain loyal for the duration of the contract. I would honor it and follow Irene's orders to the best of my abilities, no matter how irritating or nonsensical I found them. But, after that?

The plan was a simple one. During my time in the Mediterranean, I would start developing and building a presence on it's various islands. I would develop a second army, only this one would remain in the Mediterranean after I left. With a standing alliance with the Abbasids that I intended to foster, the islands would prove to be a thorn in the side of both the Romans and Francia.

All the better, I intended to pay for it all with the gold and silver I took from the Umayyads.

The gods had approved of my plan. Enough so that they had granted me a quest.

Quest: Lord of the Tides

Objective: Establish a military presence on (1/4) major islands in the Mediterranean:
- Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Title: Lord of Tides. 1 Boon.
Bonus Objective: Establish (3500/20,000) army within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #1: 1 Martial perk.
Bonus Objective: Maintain (350/1,000) standing fleet.
- Bonus reward #2: Learning Perk: Early Age of Exploration Ship: Caravel.
Bonus Objective: Maintain an alliance with (0/1) major power within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #3: Third hint to legendary item (3/3)

Lord of Tides: The ocean will ever be in the favor of the bearer of this title.

The rewards were deserving of such a challenge. Especially with so much risk involved. I doubted that the Romans would be content to let me build up such an army. It would have to be done cautiously, with cunning and guile. I had plenty of chances to obscure my intentions and Irene had never placed any defined restrictions upon me in regards to conquering lands on my own.

But, all of that was in the future and there was much that was still undecided. Particularly in regards to Hoffer as he considered the offer before him. It appealed to him, that much was obvious.

"You would have me rule this kingdom?" He asked for clarification and I nodded.

"It comes with dangers and risks," I started. "You would be isolated. Your demesne spread out. I have plans to ally with the Abbasids, but at this point, I cannot make any promises." I continued, knowing that this would shift the nature of the structure of the Mediterranean

If I fulfilled all of the bonus objectives, then the lord that I left behind would have the most dominating navy in the sea. The Romans had no true navy to speak of. The Abbasids were rebuilding the fleet that I had stolen and destroyed. There were the Franks to consider, but given the nature of the balance of power, I doubted they would have much of an opportunity to build up a navy inside the Mediterranean Sea.

If all went to plan, which was a big if, then for the foreseeable future, the Franks and the Abbasids would war over Iberia. It wouldn't be a conflict that would be easily resolved in a few years. I expected Charlemagne to conquer large swaths of territory, but he would be fighting to keep it for potentially decades. To that end, whatever alliance I struck with the Abbasids would ensure that, if nothing else, we maintained a common enemy. Especially with us controlling the seas, enabling the Abbasids to deliver their troops to Iberia and preventing the Franks from attacking the Abbasids.

I couldn't make any defined plans, simply because I didn't know what the future held. I could only make estimations based on what I knew of the players involved.

"It is not a position that you must keep until the end of your days, should you not wish it to be. It can be a crown that you pass to your sons and grandsons as you inherit your father's," I offered and Hoffer's lips thinned before he offered a slow and deliberate nod.

"Aye. I'll accept your blessing. My father would box my ears if I passed up this opportunity to rule over some rocks at the end of the world," he admitted, walking around the table and taking a knee before me.

For a third time, I reached out to grant a Blessing and I felt my rapidly diminishing Prestige flow out of me and into Hoffer.

Learning: Forecast.
- The user always knows what the weather shall be like a week in advance.

That was… simultaneously far less impressive than I expected, while also being uniquely perfect for Hoffer. He was a sailor through and through. There was a reason why I chose him to help command my fleet. The weather was an important aspect of sailing -- the Mediterranean was more temperate than the North Sea we hailed from, but a single bad storm could see a fleet demolished all the same, doomed to vanish beneath the waves.

Hoffer stood, wearing a small smile as he felt thoroughly pleased with his future. I nodded to him, and to Alfric and Athrun. "We have time before the invasion of Bulgaria. Take time to get used to your new abilities." I instructed, knowing that we would need them in the days to come.

"By your leave then," Thorkell said, inclining his head to me. And I think it was then that the others realized that Thorkell already had a Blessing. They all offered lingering looks upon me, following Thorkell out of the war room in my Longhouse. He closed the door behind him and only then did I let out a small sigh, scratching at my cheek to find it entirely too bare for my liking.

It was then that I heard a slow sarcastic clap from behind me, and turning around I saw it was Mortigan, her expression thoroughly pleased. "Oh, my -- Deceit becomes you, Siegfried. T'is the highest of ironies, of course, that you hesitate to tell a bold faced lie, yet so easily plot to upend the order of things in this sea." The genuine praise in her voice got another sigh from me as I returned to my seat.

"I was too optimistic," I admitted. "I had hoped to establish a relationship of mutual benefit with Irene by the time we left, so we could continue to benefit once I became king. But, as things are…" I made a dismissive gesture, as if tossing away that future. As it stood, I would turn more to the Abbasids -- we would still be connected through the Black Sea, so it would impact trade little.

Jill gave me a measured look, "An alliance with the Abbasids… it would be good for us. Though, naturally, the Abbasids will stop trying to court us so desperately once we start to respond to their advances." She ventured before tilting her head at me ever so slightly, "There is one way to seal the alliance for good."

I nodded, "A marriage." Likely with Jasmine. There was a question of who she would be married to -- I was a likely contender, but so was Hoffer as he would be the one remaining behind in the Mediterranean sea. Then there was the possibility that we would be asked to convert. That… would complicate things. But, I couldn't yet tell how much or if they would be open to the idea in the first place.

Jill nodded, glad that I had thought the whole thing through. "It would also be a question of when. I imagine a marriage between you and an Arabian Princess would alarm the Romans." She ventured, her expression adopting a calculating look. "It would be ideal to have the marriage take place in secret. We would continue to benefit from our current relationship with the Romans while cementing our alliance with the Abbasids."

"A little quick on the assumptions," Astrid remarked, crossing her arms. "We don't know if Jasmine would even entertain the idea of a marriage. She could throw herself into the ocean at the mere thought."

To that, Morrigan let out a telling scoff. All of us glanced at her, but she offered nothing. She knew something but she wasn't telling.

It gave me a chance to bring the conversation back, "It's all moot at this point. We have a list of possibilities, but as it is, many of them are reliant on the actions of others. For now, we focus on achieving what we can." I decided, looking between the three of them. Astrid sighed with a nod, while Jill simply nodded. Morrigan simply seemed amused at what the future could hold.

At least she did for a moment, her gaze flickering to Jill. The two shared a glance and I immediately felt ill at ease. I didn't know what that glance meant, but it clearly meant something because both of them then turned to look at me.

"I suppose it is as good of a time as any, seeing as we are discussing the future," Morrigan started but it was Jill who delivered the news.

"We're pregnant," Jill informed and any thought I had in my head vanished like the morning fog in the face of the sun. "Morrigan and I. We are both with child." She clarified and I… suppose my surprise must have been evident. She placed a hand on her stomach while Astrid began to cackle.

However, it was Morrigan that delivered the news that drove me to half collapse in my seat. "With twins, in my case. Or so my Blessing tells me."

"Oh," I uttered. I was going to be a father three times over. It wasn't shouldn't have been a surprise. If anything, it was more surprising that it didn't happen sooner. But…

I made a decision at that moment. One that I had debated to death within the confines of my mind -- on what Legacy would be best for my Dynasty. Out of all the options, Learning had most appealed to me as it would help my descendants find and refine whatever talents they might possess. But, the choice that offered the most long term benefit was clear.

I chose Breeding almost before I could think better of it, reaching out and grabbing their hands.

My family was growing larger once more. I hoped Ragnar would be kind to his new siblings.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Andell, Eerrw and 723 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Foolish Ambitions
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,276
It was certainly a clever way to get out of Norland during the Christian debate, Jasmine acknowledged as she watched from a balcony as Siegfried and his army loaded up his fleet of ships with warriors to go off and conquer a foreign land in the name of the Romans. These Bulgarians weren't a name unknown to her, but every time she had heard of them she had been lacking context. But she knew her… father had supported them financially throughout the years, as had the Caliphs before him.

Having an enemy on the other side of the Roman's borders was convenient, forcing them to split their attention.

Jasmine didn't have any doubts that Siegfried would see the kingdom of the Bulgars brought low. For more than a year now she had lived amongst the pagans and Jasmine liked to think that she knew their measure. Siegfried in particular was a man who had a passion for knowledge and wisdom, but thrived in war. He was someone trying to expand his ability, but his true talents laid in a single direction.

"Norland shall be emptier," Jasmine muttered under her breath, a hand stroking Rajah, her tiger and greatest friend. His head was in her lap, eyes closed as he lazed about like an overgrown house cat.

"For the moment," Jill replied, seated across from her as she too watched her lord husband prepare to set sail. "As soon as the harbor empties itself, we will be flooded with Christian dignitaries from all over Rome and Francia." She replied, sounding exhausted at the mere thought of it. She brought a cup of tea to her lips, sipping soundlessly. It was a strange thing to notice, Jasmine knew, but she could hardly help herself.

The world was a much stranger place than she'd ever imagined. As a girl growing up, she'd heard tales of pagans that painted them as barbarians. How they smelled fiercely, lacked manners, and intelligence simply because they had refused the grace of Allah. But, Jill's manners were impeccable. Better than hers, even, and up until that fateful decision to steal away in the dead of night with a small retinue of soldiers and fake orders, her entire life had been familiar walls and familiar repetition of the same courtly manners.

The pagans certainly didn't smell. In fact, they seemed almost obsessed with cleanliness. Since the bathhouse had finished, she knew some had taken to bathing daily in the warm spring waters. No pagan went anywhere without a comb either. Many had even taken to wearing perfumes, with most favoring light scents because there was no odor that they needed to bury.

As for lack of intelligence… it would be more factual to say that they suffered from ignorance. An ignorance that Siegfried was determined to correct.

"Is it going to be an issue?" Jasmine questioned, stroking Rajah with a light touch.

"The Christians slaughter each other at the slightest excuse," Jill remarked, her tone as scathing as she had ever heard it. "The Romans have only begun to heal from the butchery that transpired during the establishment of Iconoclasm and I suspect that the repealing of it shall be just as bloody." Jasmine recalled what she heard about the movement, a light frown tugging at her lips beneath her veil.

It had been the subject of mockery from her father and his court. And seen as an opportunity. The Romans had attacked themselves with a fury unmatched, killing all those who disagreed with the banning of icons. Entire families put to the sword, churches filled with icons and their believers before both were set aflame. Truly, nothing inspired more hatred in people than only mostly agreeing with them.

"Would it not be better for Lord Siegfried to stay, in that case?" Jasmine wondered, grabbing hold of her own tea. A black one imported from her homeland, which in turn had imported it from a land called India. It had always been her favorite back home, though she was ignorant of where it came from then. It had been an offhand mention to Siegfried as she had little taste for the mead that his people favored, and on the next ship back from her homeland, there were samples of teas she hadn't even known existed.

"The whole debate is going to be trouble, but he's correct in assuming that the presence of our people, his presence in particular, will be rather… agitating," Jill admitted. "He's hated in Rome for being involved in their politics. He's hated in Francia for his victories against the Christian Emperor. If he would remain, the frustration over the debate would be directed at him because he's simply too easy of a target."

So, he sailed away to conquer a kingdom. His second, according to Astrid. And there was something so deeply romantic about a man forging a kingdom simply to make his love a princess. Jasmine's cheeks warmed at the thought of it, watching as Astrid approached with Ragnar in her arms before setting him down on the ground.

It seemed that Ragnar had learned how to run before he learned how to walk because he sped right along into his father's waiting arms. It was a reminder that for all of his fierceness, there was a much softer and gentler side to the Wolf-Kissed lord. A side he had no shame of.

"You're likely right," Jasmine sighed. Siegfried had a far greater temper than herself – her brief exposure to the supposed Empress of these lands was more than enough for her. If she never met another Christian in her life, it would still be one too many. "Hopefully this whole thing will be settled in the turning of a season and we can continue as we were."

With one small change, Jasmine amended – she wouldn't mind visiting the University of Constantinople. She had steadily been working through the scrolls and texts that her brother, now Caliph, had sent over. She had even helped translate it into Greek. She even had ink stains on her fingers to prove it!

Jill chuckled as Astrid and Ragnar said their goodbyes to Siegfried. "We, is it?" Jill asked, her lips twisting into a teasing smile.

Jasmine shifted in her seat, making Rajah open his eyes lazily for a moment before closing them. "I suppose so," Jasmine admitted.

She had been ready to hate Siegfried. And she might, just a little. When she had been captured, her imagination filled itself with the worst sort of horrors. She regretted everything, most of all not listening to her father. He had been proven right in the worst of ways. She had felt nothing but dread when she was marched up to Siegfried, through a roaring crowd, to look up at a man that seemed more of a Caliph than her own father in his later years…

"If I am to be a hostage, then there are much worse people than I could be in the hands of," Jasmine added. She'd rather not be a hostage at all, of course. She missed Baghdad. She missed the palace and the familiar faces of the servants. She especially missed her mother and brother. But, she had cast the die.

She'd only started to warm up to Siegfried once he told her outright that he wouldn't kill her on the orders of the would-be Empress. It had been hard to like a man when her life was in his hands and she had no idea what he would do with it.

"Have you given any thought to marriage?" Jill suddenly questioned and Jasmine's teacup paused halfway to her lips.

That was certainly a question. "Dare I ask why you're bringing up marriage?" Jasmine questioned, following her mother's teachings. She wasn't good at them, not like her mother was. Her mother could be feeling the blackest of hate, but she'd laugh with the purest of joys. Jasmine always found it easier to play up certain parts of her personality rather than disguise what she felt.

"My husband is seeking a more long standing relationship with the Abbasids," Jill answered and she wouldn't have been able to keep the shock off her face even if she tried. Jill favored her with a smile, "He won't break his contract, however much he might wish to. His word isn't so lightly given. But once the contract ends… It would behoove us to have a standing ally in the Mediterranean. For those that remain behind."

Politics wasn't her strength. In truth, Jasmine hadn't particularly been aware of any of her strengths. Not until her capture. But, even with her limited education, she understood what was being offered. And the implications.

Her brother was Caliph now and he had a dozen men within the city, waiting for her to give a signal to escape. Their messages were far too few between, but his intent was clear enough in them. He trusted her judgment and he desired to use Siegfried against the Romans. Or, at the very least, to have him not be used against him. But, for an ongoing alliance?

Jasmine took a sip of tea, swallowing her nervousness. Marriage was something that had always been on her mind in a passing sense – she was of age to be married, but given that Irene had paraded her like a prized cow, besmirching her reputation, Jasmine had wondered what her options might be. She could scream until she was blue in the face that she hadn't been despoiled in any way, but she knew that there would be few that genuinely believed her. And for many, being a princess would only barely make up for her perceived lack of purity.

"It is a decision for my brother to make," Jasmine replied, wondering how she would compose this message. She was aware that Regent Hadi was preparing for a future war with the Umayyad Caliphate.

Jill nodded, "I understand. My own betrothal was… unconventional," Jill admitted, watching as Siegfried gave the order to set sail. Despite the distance between them, Siegfried seemed to look directly at them, offering a gentle smile and a wave farewell. Jill returned it before continuing, "But are you adverse to the idea itself? As of now, an alliance only exists as a thought. The conditions and stipulations are yet to be decided – with the right concessions… it may be a fate that you avoid entirely."

There was a reason that of all of Siegfried's wives, Jill was her favorite. "I don't know," Jasmine admitted, watching as Siegfried started to sail away. She would miss him in these coming months, she suspected. He was fine enough company, even if she wasn't sure if she would want him as a husband. "My father… indulged me when it came to who would be my husband one day. I must have rejected a thousand suitors since I flowered, and I know I caused my father no end of grief over it."

She had been sheltered and spoiled in equal measures, Jasmine recognized only in hindsight. She hadn't felt spoiled at the time. She had felt… normal. It was normal to be catered to by an army of servants and slaves. It was normal for her whims to be indulged. It was what she imagined life to be for most people, except for the servants and slaves. But, even then, she reasoned that the servants would have slaves to indulge their whims.

She had recognized that she was sheltered, mostly because the only time she was ever denied was when she wished to leave the palace.

"I didn't want to be married, so I wasn't. Even as I grew older, and my father's pleading more desperate for me to finally settle on a husband, I still rejected them all out of hand out of spite," Jasmine admitted, knowing only now what a luxury her father's unconditional love had been. Only when she was ripped away and he had… faded away.

Jill was silent for a moment, giving Jasmine a moment to gather her thoughts before asking a probing question, "And now?"

"I don't know," Jasmine admitted, watching Siegfried sail away, off to conquer.

Jill hummed for a moment before patting her hand, "You still have some time to figure it out. A word of warning, however… decide, while it is still your decision."

…

As Jill predicted, almost as soon as Siegfried's army left for Bulgaria, the Christians began to arrive en masse. Bishops and archbishops, from both Francia and Rome arrived one after the other and their lack of respect was clear to all to see. Jill played as a host, but they were token efforts at best – she was a pagan and, worse, she was a woman. Siegfried cared little for gender roles, but these old fogies certainly did.

There were complaints aplenty. Complaints about the Muslims in the settlement. That there were pagans. And especially that it was ruled by Siegfried, in fact the only thing that seemed to unite the divided Christians was a shared hatred for the Pagan. Making his absence the correct decision. Even the Roman priests seemed sour to hear of the victories that Siegfried had in Bulgaria as news trickled to them as time went by.

After a painfully long month for everyone to arrive, the debates began.

Jasmine had nothing to do with them, which was a welcomed relief. As a matter of fact, she was going well out of her way to completely avoid dealing with it. Siegfried had his contract with the would-be Empress. She had no such attachments.

Which is why she found herself walking amongst the town of Norland with a modest guard and the few trusted companions that she had – Rajah, and young Alim.

"That one is going to Egypt. It's carrying wine and furs that will sail down the Nile River, and there it'll continue onward to the Gulf of Adren and onward to the Arabian Sea," Jasmine decided, having no idea if her tale was true or not. But it was a fun little game that she liked to play with Alim.

"No. It's going to Rome. A fat priest misses someone he left behind, and now he's going to bring them here," Alim replied, his nose scrunching up. Jasmine wasn't sure how the game began, but her part was imagining where a ship might go, the people that the sailors might meet, and who the contents would be delivered to. Alim would instead state the truth of the matter, and every time Jasmine bothered to check, he was right.

Alim was a strange boy. Strange in the way Siegfried was strange. Only, where Siegfried appeared larger than life at times, as if he had stepped out of a tale, Alim was more… quiet. Even in the past year, as he started growing from a boy to a young man, he seemed unremarkable. But, if you listened to him…

It was as if Allah was whispering in his ear at times. He simply knew things that he had no right knowing.

"That ship is going back to Acre. One of the Caliph's spies is telling your brother about the debate and the man with the funny hat's arrival." He continued, as if he could hear her thoughts. The Pope, as he was called. The debate's beginning was marked with his arrival and it was only then that she could venture out into the town without tripping over priests and their guards. "He was also carrying a message that got delivered to Lady Astrid."

He really shouldn't know such things. That went beyond merely being observant. And it was why Jasmine had requested that he stayed with her while she was a 'hostage.' One of Regent Hadi's vassals had been particularly against the idea, but with only a word from Alim, his protests were silenced.

"Was this message about the Umayyads?" Jasmine ventured as they walked, heading around the docks to walk along the shore. Norland was rather busy on account of all of the merchants smelling an opportunity while the debate was happening.

Alim seemed pensive for a moment before he nodded.

The world had gotten so much larger in the past year. For her entire life, she had lived in the palace, never even venturing out into Baghdad before she stole away with a modest guard. Names that she grew up with such as Antioch, Acre, the Romans, the Umayyads… she had known of their existence, of course, but she hadn't been able to conceive just how vast the distance was between them.

It had only been hours after she'd left Baghdad that it sunk in that she wouldn't be able to travel to Acre and return in a single day without anyone being the wiser.

Now, she understood what Siegfried was planning, and what he was dragging her brother into.

"Do you…" Alim started, looking up at her for a moment, a hand between Rajah's shoulder blades as they walked. His voice trailed off before his lips thinned, swallowing whatever he was about to say.

"Do I what?" Jasmine prodded, walking along the beach.

"Do you think the Umayyads are bad people?" Alim asked, and Jasmine furrowed her brow, not sure what to make of the question.

She should say yes, she reasoned. After all, there was a reason why they had been overthrown by her family. But, the truth of it was… "I don't know. I've never met anyone from the Umayyad Dynasty. I imagine they're no better or worse than anyone else," she reasoned.

"I think they're bad," Alim replied, his tone as serious as she had ever heard it. He didn't elaborate either, simply declaring it as if they had done him a personal insult of some kind. And, before Jasmine could question why exactly he thought so, they stumbled across an unexpected sight.

A number of children were standing in the low tide, equipped with sticks that were tied to pieces of twine that were dropped into the waves. It wasn't the fact that they were fishing that was so unexpected, it was who was teaching them.

The Bishop Otto dressed humbly, wearing plain clothing without any adornments typical of a man of his position. He sat on a rock, his own pole in hand, and because of how small the cove was, he saw them as soon as they saw him. He offered a polite smile and a bow of his head to her, "Forgive… bow? Not scared fish," Otto said in heavily accented Arabic.

Jasmine favored him with a smile, uncertain if he was a welcomed sight or not. "There is no need, Bishop Otto. I can speak Greek well enough," Jasmine informed, making the bishop chuckle. Siegfried hadn't been the only one hiding that he could speak another language that day. "I must confess, I'm surprised to see you here. I thought you would be in the debate hall."

To that, Bishop Otto laughed like it was a ludicrous thought, "I'm afraid not, Princess Jasmine. I would be no more welcomed in that hall than Siegfried would be, I suspect."

That was news to her. The children finally reacted to her presence, or rather to Rajah's, and they were torn between running away and approaching. It was Alim that put a thumb to the scales, causing a brave boy near Alim's age to approach. Rajah didn't seem to mind their presence, putting her mind at ease as he quickly became spoiled by all the attention.
"Because of your friendship with Siegfried?" Jasmine questioned as she approached, standing on the shore while the Bishop was knee deep in the water.

"In part," he confessed easily, watching with a warm smile as the children got distracted and went to approach her tiger. None dared approach her, however. The guards were a good deterrent to that, sadly enough. "It's mostly due to my own view on things suffering from theirs, I suspect. That, and because King Charlemagne shows me favor."

Siegfried respected this man, Jasmine thought. A respect that he had rarely shown to any other. He was no warrior, that was for certain, but she noticed his calloused hands. That, she noted, marked him as quite different from most of the priests that had flooded the town of Norland.

She was curious, despite wishing that this whole debate would swiftly end so that things could return to normal. "I would hear these differences, if you would tell me." It was something of a puzzle that she wished to unravel. Siegfried had an increasingly low opinion of Christians the more he was forced to interact with them. But even as Otto foisted this debate onto him, the Pagan held no ill will towards him.

Why was that?

The bishop glanced her way, his gaze curious but kind before offering a gentle smile. "The differences are many, and as large as they are small. I dare say that without King Charlemagne's protection, I would find myself labeled a heretic and swiftly put to death!" He said with a laugh, not at all bothered by the idea. "But, if we are starting with what is relevant… I find this whole debate rather disagreeable."

She was already starting to see it, Jasmine thought with some amusement. "Despite it being your idea?"

"Oh, Princess Jasmine, I could hardly call it my idea. Nor would I wish to," Bishop Otto confessed. "The debate itself is a farce, if you would forgive my boldness. The result of it was decided before anyone set sail to this lovely town. It was never a matter of faith, but of politics. That is what I find so disagreeable about it. That the schism between the West and the East will not be mended because the church wishes to heal itself, but because it shall be convenient for the worldly powers that be."

"... I take it this was an opinion that you shared?" Jasmine ventured, earning a cheeky smile.

"Honesty is a virtue, Princess Jasmine." He replied before looking good back out at his hook when the branch started to bend. "I shall tell no lies, if I can help it. Which makes it quite the shame when I find myself at odds with the clergy." His tone didn't become bitter, but it did shift. "Siegfried was right – more right than he realized. God has no need for silver and gold. Yet, the faith hoards it much like a dragon, adoring itself with vanity. It espouses the virtues of the Bible while failing to live up to them."

He pulled the fishing line up, only to find that the fish had eaten the bait. He reached down to a belt around his waist to place another piece of bait on the hook before tossing it back into the waves.

She was also starting to see why his faith would take issue with his views. "That is the nature of power, I believe. Faith has little to do with it." She had been ignorant of the labors of the lowest of society, but she grew up in the capital of the Abbasid Caliphate. To many, she had been an empty-headed spoiled girl that knew nothing, and in some ways they had been more right than Jasmine would care to admit. But she had listened and watched as the most powerful men in the Caliphate dueled with words and influence.

"That, I fear, is the issue," Otto agreed. "The Church should not possess such power. That is the property of kings and emperors. Our Lord chose the company of beggars and thieves, aided them in leading a better life. Charity, compassion, and love for all. The Church would have us hate our neighbor when God wished us to love them."

"You… are a rather strange priest," Jasmine observed, finding that she didn't dislike it.

"I have been humbled by life and God's plan, Princess Jasmine," Otto said, a smile in his voice that she couldn't see. "I harbor no hate in my heart, nor would I want to. I am merely… sad at the state of things. The men that debate in that hall all know what the outcome shall be. Yet, they play lipservice for the sake of appearances instead of doing the Lord's work." There was a frustration there that Jasmine recognized. She'd heard it often enough.

She cast a glance at the children, who all had rapidly warmed up to Alim. "Such as teaching children how to fish?"

"Trying to, at least," Otto admitted with a chuckle. "Orphans live a hard life, and the only thing worse than their lack of protection is their lack of a guide. Someone to teach them the skills that they will need in life. I do what I can, but it is far too little as it stands."

And that, Jasmine thought, is why Siegfried respected the bishop. It wasn't merely a matter of faith. Otto was someone who embodied how he believed he should live his life. It was charming, in a strange way. Faith aside, he struck her as a kind and caring man.

"But, I believe I've spoken quite enough about myself, Princess Jasmine. What has brought you here? Your thoughts must be heavy to venture so far from Norland," he noted and Jasmine realized that he was right. More right than she initially thought when she saw how far out she had ventured. Jill would be cross with her.

Jasmine stilled, not sure if she wanted to say. Then again, given all that he had just confessed to… if they had shared a faith, she very well might be baying for his blood like he thought the other Christians would. Which is likely why he was being so forthcoming with her. "My thoughts are heavy at the prospect of marriage," she admitted.

Otto nodded in understanding, "Do you fear the man you are to be wed to, or is it the prospect of marriage in itself that weighs heavily?"

That… She didn't fear Siegfried. At least, she didn't anymore. Nor did she think that he would mistreat her. The opposite, in fact -- the allowances he made for his wives Astrid and Jill would have seen him mocked if he were a lesser man. She knew he wouldn't rob her of her freedoms and passions, nor take a hand to her.

Marriage frightened her. It was half the reason why she rejected every suitor out of hand, regardless of their merits. The idea of belonging to another, a stranger at that, was frightening in ways that were hard to describe.

But also, especially in this instance…

"It means leaving my home," Jasmine confessed after a moment, looking out at the ocean, knowing that on the other side of it laid the coast to the Caliphate. Her home. "I've taken an interest in trade, mostly because of the ships. I like to imagine the places that they go, and the people that they visit. And every time I learn of a new place, I feel my world expanding, just a little bit."

Learning about sums and goods was mostly a byproduct of that desire, but learning why people might value furs and spices was interesting in itself.

"The distance will be considerable. There… will be no returning home, even if my husband would permit it. Even keeping in touch with letters would be difficult," Jasmine said. She had puzzled it out -- at best, she could hope to receive a letter a year from her family should she marry Siegfried and follow him up to Denmark. It was a daunting thought. She knew that eventually she would be married, but she had always assumed that she would remain close by. If not in Baghdad then in the Caliphate, at the least.

"Change is a frightening thing in all forms, simply because when things change… they change. It matters little if it could be a good change, or a change for ill. The familiar becomes the unfamiliar… at least for a time." He said, the pole bending again but this time, when he jerked the hook up, a fish erupted from the water. A hefty one. The children were awed, instantly losing interest in Rajah, who seemed quite put out at his swift abandonment. "Just as strangers can become trusted friends, foreign lands can one day become a home. It may not be easy, but with an open mind and a stout heart, there are precious few things that you cannot achieve in this world."

As he spoke, he retreated from the ocean with the fish in hand while the children rushed to set up a fire. He looked at her with a gentle expression, "It is natural to fear change. As well as to miss your family. My counsel, Princess Jasmine, is to not cling so tightly to what is that you deny yourself what could be."

With that, he left her be to teach the children how to descale and gut a fish, leaving her with her thoughts.

She thought she had her answer.


…

AN: Otto is a fun character to write. But, in regards to what he was talking about, the inspiration came from the Cluniac Reforms, which won't be happening for more than a century at this point in the story. So, Otto is ahead of the curve in that regard.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 753 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Cusp of Change
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 9, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,309
"He conquered Bulgaria? How entirely expected," Morrigan replied blandly to the news she had expected since Siegfried left with Astrid.

She laid in one of the admittedly comfortable lounging chairs that the Romans favored, her eyes closed as she looked down upon herself through the eyes of Huginn. It was still a strange experience, to gaze through the eyes of another. Through a familiar. There were magics that could accomplish the same thing, but it was the first time Morrigan had ever heard of someone granting such magics to another.

Jill sat across from Morrigan, Ragnar in her lap. A thread of a silverish hue connected them – Ragnar was not her child, yet there was affection there. For her part, the notion of family had always been a rather… obscure concept to Morrigan, she could acknowledge. It was something that Jill chose to cling to, even as her own child grew in her womb. "The situation is developing in line with what he expected. The Bulgarians focused on the Romans, thinking his forces were a trap, and Siegfried punished them for it. But, that's not the important bit."

In response, Morrigan flapped her wings, slowing her descent as she hopped off her perch. Ragnar, the little creature, immediately lunged for her with a cry of, "Bird!" Deftly avoiding his grasping hands, Morrigan looked over Jill's shoulder at the letter that had arrived with the first ships of their people.

The body of a raven was an interesting change from that of a human. It had taken a great deal of practice to master the Blessing that she had gained – pushing herself into the mind of Huginn was difficult at first but, with time, his mind molded to her presence perfectly. The eyesight, beyond everything else, was the most difficult thing to get used to. Mostly because ravens could perceive colors and hues that the human eye couldn't begin to imagine, to say nothing of how sharp their vision was.

But, with practice, she could make out the tidy and uniform runes that marked Siegfried's handwriting. She hummed, the sound coming as a chirp from Huginn before she made a conscious effort to pull back.

There were legends about the ability to change ones skin. While Morrigan had few expectations of achieving the same feats as the gods, she did have expectations of matching Flemeth. So many memories were recontextualized the moment she received the Blessing. How the ravens would watch her so closely, even as Flemeth spoke to her with her human mouth.

The difficulty was keeping enough of her presence, her mind, in her human form. One foot in her true body while the other remained in the raven.

"How ambitious," Morrigan praised, her lips curling into a smile as she finished the letter. His words were short, to the point, with minimal explanation. Likely in case the letter was opened before it reached them.

The letter detailed that upon his victory, he requested to place a forwarding settlement upon the island of Sicily. For the purpose of noticing any military build up on that half of the Mediterranean by the Abbasids.

"He's finally conducting himself as a king," Morrigan noted, her smirk growing into a smile. "He is creating issues then providing himself as the solution to them, with none being the wiser." Because the likes of Irene and Charlemagne all got a measure of Siegfried. They understood his nature, just as Morrigan did.

For all that Siegfried had accomplished, he lacked ambition. The Norns had decided that he would become great, but if Thorfinn and Horrik had never made their foolish and ill fated move against Siegfried and his kin, then Siegfried would have been content with a farm and a place of honor in what would be King Horrik's Hird.

"I'm not used to this side of him," Jill acknowledged. "When we decided to come here, what he wanted to do was learn. I'm not sure he meant to learn these lessons." She added with a small sigh, presenting the letter to Ragnar, who clutched it tightly in his fists before trying to read it aloud.

"It is necessary. Once we return home, he will have to rule. The Jarls will be in awe of him, but only for a time. Eventually, he won't seem so much larger than life, and they will begin to plot." Morrigan dismissed her concerns easily. Siegfried was entirely too honorable. Too hopeful. Had it been up to her, if she were in his place, the moment Irene and Otto decided to foist this ridiculous debate upon them, she would have sacked Constantinople, took the Emperor hostage, and then allied with the Abbasids through marriage and a shared invasion of the rotting carcass of an empire.

But Siegfried disagreed with that plan for a simple reason. He gave his word, and he would honor it. The contract would stand. She supposed being an honorable king had its benefits, but it was not to her taste. Alas, she had not been the one chosen by the gods.

Jill hummed, "In any case, the result should be announced soon. Give it a few days to spread, and before long, people will be talking of the victory and the restoration with the same breath." Morrigan didn't much personally care for Irene, but she did respect her. She had a ruthlessness that Siegfried needed. Before long, Morrigan entirely expected to hear that the young Emperor Constantine had suffered a most tragic accident and that Irene would become Empress in full.

"Hm. What exactly does that mean for us?" Morrigan questioned as the realm of politics was not one she had much interest in. It all seemed to be nothing more than a thousand and one petty reasons to not exercise the power that you had.

"If the request is granted? Then Norland's development might slow as resources will be divided. And, for what Siegfried has planned… I expect far more aggressive recruitment amongst the locals. Anything after that is a matter of fate, largely depending on Jasmine's decision." Ah, yes, the empty headed princess. Though, perhaps not so empty headed as she had once seemed. "Perhaps you could check in on her? As well as the debate?"

Morrigan rolled her eyes, both as a human and as a raven, but relented. "Very well," she said, flapping her wings before taking off. "I suppose there are worse ways to waste my time."

Flight was intoxicating, and the effect never lessened every time Morrigan took to the skies. It was a feeling that only a precious chosen few could know, but even if she tried to put the feelings into words, she wouldn't be able to convey the sense of… freedom that came with wind under one's wings. In but a moment, she had left the Longhouse behind, taking to the skies and sailing high overhead.

Norland was almost unrecognizable from what it had once been, especially from the air. Siegfried's builders had learned their trade well, mastering the clay-like concrete to create wonders. The city would likely be under construction until the very end, as Siegfried's expectations for himself were entirely too high. He desired that every building be an equal to the Hagia Sophia or Hippodrome, so the more mundane, yet perfectly serviceable buildings were something of a disappointment to him.

Morrigan was reluctant to admit as much, but she was rather curious what else would change during their time here.

However, what had changed the most were the people.

Beneath her was an interconnected web of threads, many of which could only be puzzled out with the eyes of a raven. The nuance of each thread was only revealed to her once she had gained a greater pair of eyes – an pair of enemies would be connected with a red thread, yet there was a vast difference between the shades of burgundy and crimson. The latter was an intense dislike that would come to blows if given opportunity. The latter was the intention of murder the moment one of the two felt like they could get away with it.

There was a great deal of red threads beneath her, Morrigan noticed. Siegfried and his army were the boot that kept everyone in line, but without his moderating presence, the tensions between the Muslims and Christians were flaring. Yet, it was only the extremists between them that drew both sides towards conflict. Most didn't harbor any particular hatred in their hearts for the enemies of their chosen faith, but it was the fear that had taken root that might goad them to violence.

Fear that if they did not attack first, then they would be attacked first. And because both sides felt that way, an attack became inevitable. To make matters most interesting was that the Jews had taken to hiding, waiting for it all to blow over. Simply because, as Morrigan had learned, whenever the Muslims or Christians were upset over one thing or another, traditionally their solution was to slaughter the Jews enmass.

Morrigan scoffed dismissively, turning her eyes to the worst of the red. These fools called her people savages, completely oblivious to their own hypocrisy. As her gaze drifted, she saw what remained of the guard acting on the information that Morrigan had provided them through Jill – a planned attack being neatly cut off by the Christians before a sword could be drawn.

Content that they had the situation in hand, Morrigan banked and flapped her wings to approach the forum that Siegfried had constructed. The dome at the top made an easy vantage point for her to perch on and peer in. And, she saw exactly what she saw every time she bothered to check in on this so called 'debate.'

A bunch of self important fools talking in circles with most of them oblivious to the fact that the important decisions had already been made. That didn't stop them from trying to thumb the scales in the favor of their chosen argument. Morrigan saw a web of plots and plans and betrayals. Priests promising support after being bribed, deals being made behind closed doors to weaken their fellows position in the hierarchy.

It was alarming how much cynicism she found gazing upon the room filled with priests. The vaunted holy men of their faith. It was corruption of the highest order and Mortigan found no small measure of delight gazing upon the rotten roots of the Christian faith. Out of all of them, the few true believers found themselves drifting to the Bishop Otto. He sat in a seat, unenthused as they awaited the verdict.

To everyone else, this was merely an opportunity to leverage their positions and make connections to expand their influence. The few that were here because of faith? They found themselves on the fringes.

At the core of it all were two men, who sat across from one another in the center of the debate hall. The Pope and the Patriarch. If it was up to her, she'd bar the door and set the building on fire since the enemies of her faith had so conveniently gathered themselves in one place. Instead, she was forced to watch their fumbling and clumsy plots. Waiting for it all to end so that they could leave.

Then she saw something interesting.

"There's been a development," she spoke out loud, looking between the Pope and the Patriarch. They were enemies. She understood little and cared less, but the rivalry between the Pope and the Patriarch was well known to her. It was a conflict as old as time as only one could be called king, and both of them saw themselves as the rightful owner of the crown. Which is why it was interesting to suddenly find a green thread linking them. A light hue. An alliance of convenience that wouldn't last beyond the deal struck, if it lasted that long at all. "The Pope and Patriarch have struck some kind of agreement."

Jill was silent for a long moment, mulling over the revelation as the Patriarch stood up with a roll of paper. The result was being announced, and the tension swelled in the room as the Patriarch spoke in Latin. Whatever was being said was lost on Morrigan, but it seemed to be along the lines of what they had expected. It took Jill a minute to collect her thoughts, "Any hint of what it could be?"

"No. Only that they intend to use each other for some end goal. Given their nature, I expect it to end in betrayal." She rather hoped it would. Better for it all to fall apart, lest they be bothered with the results.

"It's worth keeping an eye on. Both are being watched, so messages have been slipped to them both. If we find who is passing them on, we can find out what is being said." Jill reasoned, her tone clipped and stern. "But, I doubt whatever agreement they've made impacts us. It's likely an issue that Irene will have to trouble herself with."

As she made the decision, the Elephant finished his proclamation and the room erupted into cheering with only a handful protesting the decision – the result was obvious. The restoration of icons. Not particularly interesting to Morrigan, but she did pay close attention to the dissenters. Even those that kept their expressions collected and politely clapped along. They were easy to see as their threads all changed a hue, personal thoughts and allegiances shifting with defeat.

Siegfried was honorable. No matter how irritating or personally offensive he might find a task, he wouldn't go back on his word. Even when he should.

Morrigan had no such reservations. Power was useless unless you used it, and when it was used it must be used ruthlessly, without hesitation or remorse.

Christianity was the enemy of her people. Of their people. Siegfried thought coexistence was possible, and it very well could be. His project in Norland was a model for him to test and find an answer to that question. But one didn't coexist with an enemy. You killed them. Completely and utterly, then you salt the earth so that no other challengers could hope to arise in their place.

The Christians already proved themselves susceptible to these 'Schisms'. A divided enemy was a weakened enemy.

The embers were already there… they just needed to be fanned into flames, Morrigan decided, casting an eye to Otto where he sat.

…

The texts were wrong about the Bulgarians, and it only became clear why in hindsight. The generals who found defeat in these lands didn't want to be shamed, so they recklessly inflated the number of foes that they faced. It wasn't the first time I had encountered historical revision -- such as when Caesar claimed to lose only one man in a battle that had been measured in the tens of thousands. But, it was the first time I had encountered it in a way that proved relevant to me.

The plan had very nearly failed because I had overestimated the Bulgarians numbers by half -- they had closer to fifteen thousand warriors to summon, or ten thousand after my initial victory over them. The five thousand that I had expected to face me was the only part of the plan that had worked.

The remaining ten thousand chose to ignore both Astrid's army, and the Romans, to avenge their defeat at my hands. Which led me to abandoning the spoils I took at their capital, for a time at least, to race through the countryside to join up with either Astrid or the Romans.

As it had so happened, the Romans were closer and for the first time, we fought together. The Romans acted as the core of the army while I split my forces to act as the flanks. We found favorable terrain on a hill on the edge of one of the many rivers that flowed through Bulgaria. Our numbers were fairly evenly matched, even if the Bulgarians had more than twice our cavalry. Each horse was adorned with lamellar armor, even when most of their men went without.

With our terrain advantage, they had sought to provoke an attack to little avail. At least until Astrid and her army managed to bait the Bulgarians into a trap when they aggressively attempted to prevent them from reinforcing us. A deadly mistake, as they found themselves pinned between two forces and their army soundly smashed.

It was a learning experience, of sorts. Something of an inspiration. But wholly unimportant for everything that came next.

"The boys can be trained," I said, riding into Kiev. The city hadn't changed much from what I recalled of when I last saw it. "Girls too. They aren't warriors who have years of experience and lessons to unlearn. They can be taught fresh," I said, though I noted one difference in Kiev. That was my reception.

My people rejoiced, taking to the streets to welcome me, and I was reminded of the Triumph in Constantinople. Only more intense as there was a religious fervor in the air. Of a promise that was being delivered upon. True Vision marked them all as a brilliant shade of blue, their loyalty assured through blind devotion and worship.

Most of them were young, I swiftly noticed. That, I reasoned, was partly due to the type that the stories Gerald told would attract. Young men, the boys that had little hopes of inheritance, setting sail to where wealth was promised. As well as the old and desperate taking their families where they might find a better life. It wasn't the army that I had hoped to receive, but what I got instead was… potential.

Warriors that I could shape from their foundations rather than having to help them unlearn their own way of doing things. In any case, that was a task for another day. Today, I had to prepare myself for everything that came next.

The palace of Kiev was familiar to me as I had briefly visited it during our stay before sailing on to Constantinople. It was a large wooden building of a style that I now recognize as a mixture of Roman and Arabic. The gates swung open, revealing a courtyard that was currently filled with the handful of warriors that had been brought to Kiev.

Through all of the blue, the red shone like a campfire in the dead of night. I didn't react to them as the dozens of them gazed on, watching me and my retinue approach the building. A quick count marked less than thirty of them, all of them scattered about. I wished Morrigan was here to tell me if they were aware of each other or not.

It was a plot that I had cultivated myself. I knew of the spy that had slipped into Gerald's men, and I allowed them to report back hoping for this exact outcome. Horrik wouldn't let an opportunity like this slip by, he would infiltrate the army of recruits I was trying to gather. They'd work to gain my interest, then my trust. And, much like I had already read playing out with so many great men… when I could least afford betrayal, they would plant a dagger in my back.

Some accepted the task because of loyalty to Horrik. Others for a promised reward. It mattered little, I decided, entering the manse. There would be two outcomes for them -- I would kill them out of hand… or…

I could use Horrik's own agents against him. Convince them that they had my trust and give them an opportunity to stab me in the back, only for them to learn that they never had my trust in the first place. Let them feed Horrik the information that I wanted them to. And when it was all said and done, they'd die a traitor's death alongside him.

My thoughts were heavy as I entered the hall, finding it similarly filled with my people. These, I quickly noted, were the exiled Jarls and their retinues. They straightened as the door swung open to reveal me, and I observed them every bit as much as they observed me. They had come a very long way, less driven by stories as the people outside, but they had no doubt heard of them. And now they were questioning if I lived up to my legend.

I ignored them all, approaching the other side of the room towards a throne that had been placed at the top of a short set of stairs. With little preamble, I took a seat in it, turning to the room that cheered for my arrival. I raised a single hand and the room quieted down. Looking out at the room, I noticed most of the Jarls were of a grayish hue. But, none of them were outright enemies. It was just that, unlike the others, they wouldn't have come this way if they hadn't been chased out of Denmark.

"You have traveled far, for many reasons. For some, to escape the reach of Horrik and take refuge with one who views him as a most hated enemy," I started, my tone even as I saw the reaction rippling out. The Jarls stilled their reactions, hiding their thoughts, but not well enough. "Others are simply here in hopes of a better life. But whatever the reason, it means you are here. A long way from home, in new lands -- rejoice, for the gods have surely noticed your bravery."

That cut through tension in the room as the men and women congratulated each other and themselves. I gave them a moment to do so before continuing. "As of now, Kiev is ours. I intend to maintain a presence in this city as it is a centerpiece for my plans for the future. A future in which I return to Denmark and claim its crown." More excited cheering but I cut it short by raising a hand again. "In the coming days, I will answer all of your questions and give you what assurances I can. It is the least I can do. However, before then, you must be made to understand that this is a foreign land, with ways very different from ours."

It wouldn't do much, I knew. Asking them to be on their best behavior… there were always going to be some that acted thoughtlessly, choosing to draw a blade when they suffered an insult. Such was the nature of my people. However, my hope was that I could stay enough of their hands to make this transition as smooth as possible.

"As of now, I am beholden to the Emperor of this land, bound by contract to face his enemies, for a period of three more years. My reasons will be made clear, I hope, when you see Miklagard with your own eyes, as well as the home I have made for our people on an island named Crete." I continued and now the Jarls were pensive. They had assumed, or hoped, that I would be quick to avenge their defeat. That may cost me some of their support, but they came to me in the end. And they needed me far more than I needed them.

"But rest assured, friends new and old -- Once my contract has ended, I shall return to Denmark. I shall take the head of Horrik and his rotten son, Thorfin, for the murders of my kin. And, I assure you… you all shall have your pound of flesh when it is all said and done." I finished, leaning into my seat as the cheering filled the room, louder than before.

The transition wouldn't be simple or easy, but I think we would be stronger for it when it was all said and done. But, before I could hope to start on my chosen task, I had to wait.

First, for the news of my victory to spread. Which it did rather shortly and it was soon joined by the verdict of the Grand Debate -- Iconoclasm had been repealed and Icons were restored. I was a bit removed from the empire in Kiev, but the general reaction I saw in the Roman soldiers that accompanied us was what Irene had hoped for. That the decision had been validated by their god with our victory..

Nor did it take long for us to hear another piece of news that I had anticipated for weeks now.

Michael Lachanodrakon had rebelled against the throne, calling upon all his fellow Iconoclasts to join him.

It was finally time to bring a longstanding quest from the gods to a close.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 764 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 9, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Rebellion New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,333
Michael Lachanodrakon was not a fool.

In my experience, most of Constantinople's high nobility maintained their position purely because their peers were every bit as foolish as they were. That wasn't the case for Michael. He was a military man first and foremost -- he had a taste for battle, and proved his mettle against both the Abbasids and his peers when Iconoclasm was first established at the tip of his sword.

I suspected he foresaw the trap that he was being led into by Irene from the very beginning. A man in his position, however weakened because of the actions of Tatzates, would have to be a blind to not know that the outcome of the debate was predetermined, and he was no more blind than he was a fool. Nor was he the kind of man to remain idle when he knew what was coming. Only his options were limited. His influence waning.

He had one choice, when it came right down to it. To bow his head and kiss Irene's ring, accepting the new order that she had established… Or he could go out fighting, spiting her to the last and giving his all to destroy her, or failing that, then to do as much damage as he could in the hopes another enemy would finish her off after he was gone.

With the kind of man he was? That decision was all but predetermined as well.

"There's been movement. He seems to be recruiting amongst the local Bulgarians -- the fact that he's Roman isn't as much of a detractor as we hoped," Thorkell informed me as I gazed out at Kiev. My scattered army had joined together once more, settling in the city. From my vantage point, I could see the training of young men that were just old enough to be considered potential recruits. They were being drilled and their fitness tested.

It wasn't something I had given too much thought about, but this was an opportunity to develop a process of scouting and training recruits. Then teaching those prospects our ways so they may one day join my army in earnest once they proved themselves. The goal of claiming enough steel to forge their new weapons and armor seemed like it would be a fitting task.

I swallowed a sigh at the news, unsurprised but I had hoped to be wrong. "The conquest is still too new. Barely weeks old. To most, their conquerors are suddenly fighting amongst themselves, and that means a chance at freedom." The result was another forgone conclusion. The Bulgarians were a warrior people.

"Didn't help that there are still remnants to rally around," Thorkell agreed. "Rumor is that the Bulgarians are throwing their lot with a kid named Krum the Fearsome. Not really sure who he is as far as lineage, but apparently he has a taste for blood. Took part in his first raid at the age of twelve and it was a resounding success." He elaborated, sounding decidedly amused in the way the story echoed my own. "But the point is that people are rallying around him, and Krum is throwing his lot in with Michael in exchange for independence or something."

That was inconvenient, but still not unexpected. "They'll have the edge in numbers, but both will be keenly aware that they're still enemies even with a common foe." They would work together to a mutual goal, but they wouldn't be… protective of each other as any damage done to the others meant fewer men that they would eventually have to fight. "Irene scattered five thousand men across Bulgaria to pacify it. Demios has four thousand men left, and I'm certain at least half will go to Michael."

"And we're looking at another five or six thousand Bulgarians. Most are going to be greenhorns, but that's still a lot of cavalry," Thorkell said, scratching at his cheek. In total, we were likely looking at a combined force of thirteen thousand men. That wasn't a number to scoff at. Assuming that I could count on Demios, our forces numbered between six to eight thousand. It mostly depended on how many men flocked to Michael's banner. "I don't suppose you can pull another Ravenfeast out of your arse, hm?"

That got a small chuckle out of me, my gaze lingering on some of the recruits. True Sight marked some of them gold, meaning that they had potential. Talent that would need to be cultivated.

My goals were more long term now and I had to keep that in mind. The boys that were too young to become warriors now would be old enough in a handful of years. It'd be better to start preparing the older ones now. Maybe the younger ones too, I thought idly. I intended to change many things once I became King of Denmark, and how we recruited warriors would be one of them.

"I might be able to," I said, and Thorkell caught himself, having meant the words as a jest. "The Bulgarians are rallying to Krum because he promises combat, doesn't he?"

Thorkell nodded, "Aye, he does." And that was more than a little enticing to the Bulgarians. Natural for people who wanted to avenge their defeat.

"If Michael was a different man, then he'd do the smart thing," I said, my gaze shifting off to the direction of Constantinople. "He'd head straight for the capital. He wouldn't need to take it, either. He'd be able to use it as a rallying cry for any Iconoclasts left in the Empire, and I'm guessing there are many. Perhaps enough in Constantinople for them to open the gates for him, and with that, Irene's legitimacy would become smoke in the wind."

It would let him build his strength and divide Irene's attention. My army was a threat to him, but he near doubled our number and the key to Ravenfeast was that we were able to starve our enemy beforehand.

"But he won't?" Thorkell questioned, cocking a scarred eyebrow.

"He's a clever man, but before that, he is a man of faith. A zealot. Krum will urge him to take action against me, and Michael will want to. He'll justify it as preventing us from striking at their siege, but the truth of the matter is that he hates me and wants me dead." And because of that hate, he would attack. He'd press the offensive, convinced that it was the smarter decision.

To that, Thorkell clapped me on the shoulder, "You seem to inspire that a lot in your enemies."

"I hope to. It makes them predictable," I said with a sharp grin, my gaze going to a recruit with dark hair as he won a bout in the sparring ring. My gaze lingered for a moment before I turned away, taking a deep breath as I prepared myself for the battles to come.

…

The exiled Jarls were eager to earn my favor, and they did what they could to make the best first impression possible. As a result, I was spared from the worst of the simpering as most of them wanted to prove their worth before they asked anything of me. And what they wanted was easy enough to guess.

In any case, the result worked in my favor as the Jarls swiftly dedicated their men to my cause.

The following days were a blur of action. We set out from Kiev, drawing attention towards us by attacking the clusters of people setting out from their villages to join Krum and Michael's army. Which both goaded them into action and prevented their numbers from swelling any further.

Exactly as I expected them to, they both took the bait and shifted their forces to put them on a collision course with my army. During that time, my scouts got an accurate measure -- Damien only possessed a thousand men after the bulk of his forces joined the rebellion. As a result, he decided against leaving his fortress and left us to fight Michael and Krum alone.

Given how calculated the move felt to me, I doubted that it was a spur of the moment decision. He was likely acting on orders from Irene.

A problem for another day -- the one we faced now was an army fourteen thousand strong bearing down on my six thousand men. Of that fourteen thousand, two were Bulgarian cavalry, eight were Roman legionaries, and the rest were levies armed with farming implements. In comparison to my six thousand veterans. There was a small part of me that felt anxious at such a discrepancy in numbers, but my studies had given me plenty of inspiration for battles with these kinds of odds.

Once they gave chase, however, I was quick to retreat towards a battleground of my choosing. Krum and Michael, sensing weakness, continued to give chase and followed us with all haste. It was a familiar feeling to me, I reflected -- it was much the same when I was raiding in Francia. Astolfo had been only a half step behind me at the time, but back then, I barely had five hundred men in total. And now, I was going to do what I should have back then.

"Hoffer," I spoke up, sitting on top of my horse as I gazed out at the battlefield of my choosing. My army was half a day behind with the rebels and Bulgarians right behind them. The battlefield was on the coast of the Black Sea near the start of some rolling hills covered in a dense forest. The positioning wasn't perfect, but it was good enough for my aim of limiting how many men they could field. Between the sea and the hills, they wouldn't be able to simply spread their line wide and overwhelm us.

Hoffer grunted, the hard march taking its toll on him.

"What is the weather tonight?" I asked, my gaze drifting up to the darkening skies. The stars hadn't yet come out, but it wouldn't be that much longer. More importantly, the moon was only a sliver of itself.

"Rain," he answered after a moment. "And a thick fog at dusk," he added, and I could tell that he already sensed my thoughts. Out of everyone's Blessing, Hoffers's was likely the most key to our victory in the coming battle. To truly emerge victorious, we needed to meet a handful of conditions, because it wasn't enough to simply win. As things stood, I wouldn't likely survive a pyrrhic victory, like the one I won on Crete. I needed to keep my army whole and strong.

Meaning that winning wasn't enough. It had to be a decisive victory.

"There won't be much moonlight then," I mused, the plan solidifying. The field wasn't perfect, but the conditions made up for it. "Perfect for an ambush. I'll lead them to this spot under the pretense that we are retreating to a more favorable location -- we'll use the rain as cover, then the fog to obscure our numbers. Then we push them into the sea. This must be a slaughter," I said, rolling my shoulders.

"If you're going to act as bait, then who is taking command of the rest of the army?" Hoffer questioned as I urged my horse forward.

I knew the answer he wanted to hear, but I gave him the next best thing. "Your sister," I replied without looking back. All the same, I heard the bark of laughter he let out. Her Blessing was perfect for this kind of battle. We just had to set the board for her.

The following day was a rush of movement with painful amounts of waiting. Michael continued to pursue us, only to pause when the heavy rain that Hoffer predicted washed over us. The dirt turned into a thick mud and it only lent credence to the image that I was crafting. The mud would have slowed my retreat, and with them so close, it would only be natural that I would prepare myself for a battle that had become inevitable.

During the night, Astrid, Thorkell, and Olek all took off to the hills. They marched a long way around to avoid notice, and I had no way of knowing when they got into position.

By the morning, a thick fog had rolled up from the sea. It was borderline impossible to see the Roman and Bulgarian army that arranged itself across from me on a drenched stretch of mud. Our own presence was only marked by thefires that we had managed to light.

And it was by one such fire that I stood, in the center of the field between our two armies. Another piece of the deception that I was building towards.

Misdirection. Through experience and texts, I learned that deception was a core part of war.

As well as knowing my enemy.

"Have you come to beg, pagan?" Michael greeted me, atop his own horse with a small guard, appearing through the thick fog. He was joined by a Bulgarian, along with his guards, so I assumed that he was Krum. He was a few years older than me, if I had to guess. In his twenties with a bushy dark beard and hair.

Based on his glare, I suspected that he may have hated me more than Michael did.

"I don't see why I would," I replied, my tone even. Guarded. "I've faced greater odds and won. I have no reason to believe that today shall be any different. My gods have given their signs, and they say that the day shall belong to me," I said, speaking in Greek. Next to Krum was a man that was translating my words in a low whisper.

"So I've heard. From you, and every other pagan and heathen," Michael replied, his tone dismissive. "It didn't help them, and it shan't help you now. So, speak plainly -- what is it you desire? Because I have nothing for you but steel and death."

He despised me. I saw it in his eyes. He looked like he had aged a decade in the time since I first saw him -- more wrinkles gathered around his eyes and mouth, his hair and beard more gray than not. Time had not been kind to him. And with just a glance, I could tell that he held me responsible for it. Perhaps not every misfortune, as he must know that Tatzates was behind a fair few of his problems, but he identified my arrival as the time everything started going wrong for him.

"If that was the case, then I'm curious why you would come here to speak at all." I remarked idly, though I already had the measure of Michael. It was Krum that I was more curious about now. He watched me like he was debating which of my ribs to slip a blade between, his jaw clenched and a hand tight on the reins. His cavalry would be an issue, and you didn't earn a moniker like 'the Fearsome' without cause.

"To offer you a clean death. It's more than you deserve, pagan," Michael growled in my direction. "You've thrown the Empire into disarray. You, and that harlot that grasps at her son's crown. Surely, you must be a punishment from God, but I can't imagine what sin we have committed for such a dire one." It really was impressive how much he hated me.

In contrast, I barely thought of the man. He was no great enemy to me. I only took note of him because he was staunchly against me and Irene, and because he was marked in a quest to help Michalis. If it wasn't for that, I doubted I would have even looked in his direction.

I hummed, "I'll have to refuse your generous offer. Instead, I shall counter with this -- the losses I would sustain in defeating you would be inconvenient for me. I have no wish to accept more foreign blood into my army when I am uncertain they would return to Denmark with me." I blustered, leaning forward. "I propose a dual. Ten of your best against me, alone. I win, you disperse. I lose, my people will leave your shores and return home immediately."

Michael spat on the ground, "I'm no fool, boy. A pagan you are, but I acknowledge that you're a warrior blessed by the Devil himself."

I frowned, "That's quite the decision to make by yourself. Should you not consult your ally?" I questioned, my gaze sliding to Krum. Then, in accented Bulgarian, I continued, "What say you, Krum the Fearsome? Will you allow this Roman to speak for you?"

Krum narrowed his eyes at me, "You speak the language of my people?"

"I learned it in preparation for the invasion. I dislike relying on translators. And people speak rather freely when in the company of those they think don't understand them," I replied, keeping an eye on Michael to find that his anger was growing. He didn't speak Bulgarian, as far as I could tell.

Krum held my gaze for a moment before he glanced at Michael, as if to confirm that he didn't speak the language. And with a gesture, he silenced his translator that made to translate the words into Greek. "I hold no love for the Romans, but I hold even less for you. You came to these lands, my home, and you brought them to their knees. Something that these Romans have failed for generations to accomplish. For that you have my respect, but my blade yearns to find a home in your heart."

I nodded, accepting that for what it was. "An offer, of sorts. I understand your ire. I would feel much the same if our positions were reversed. However, don't mistake my actions for malice. Regent Irene ordered me to conquer these lands, and as a mercenary, I am honorbound to obey. I don't consider you or your people to be my enemies."

Krum held my gaze for a moment, "I think I would rather you did consider us enemies. At least then I would know your heart was in it," he replied, a frown in his voice.

I swallowed a smile, "If I did, I would be far less inclined to help you."

Michael was growing suspicious as we continued our conversation, openly glaring between us both. Krum didn't fail to notice that. "Your words reek of desperation and low cunning. You seek to divide us," he observed.

"Of course," I agreed readily. "No matter what deal we could strike here and now, you are honorbound to fight. Even if I could convince you to quit the battle, it would mean your death and dishonor as a coward." He held my gaze, offering a small nod of acknowledgment. He had to fight. That was the cause that he rallied everyone around. "Merely by having this conversation, he will suspect you. In that, my goal has already been accomplished."

Krum grunted unhappily, "Cunning bastard." He cursed, knowing that I was right. For a century, there had been nothing but bad blood between the Romans and Bulgarians. Such history was not so easily forgotten, even in the face of a common enemy.

"After the battle, provided that you survive it, is when I think we could come to an arrangement. Details can be discussed then," I said, inclining my head towards Krum before urging my horse to turn around.

Michael cursed at my back, but I felt Krum's gaze on me. "You don't speak like someone on the cusp of defeat," he called out to me. In Bulgarian.

My plan worked like a charm, I thought with a satisfied smile. The result was obvious enough. Michael would suspect Krum, and Krum would suspect me and my confidence, and any caution or hesitance from that would inflame tensions between the Bulgarians and Romans. Both of them were expecting to be betrayed by the other and because of it, they would hesitate.

I allowed myself a chuckle as I continued on into the thick fog, vanishing from their sight. I enjoyed my time in the library. I enjoyed my time creating -- whether it be sculptures, toiling in a field, or crafting with iron and wood. But, I couldn't deny it

The battlefield is where I most felt like I belonged.

…

"It's like he can see the future or something," Astrid muttered to herself as she looked down at the map of the terrain that had been sketched out in advance. She preferred using one of the models that Siegfried had made, but Astrid knew opportunities to have one of those prepared in advance was a luxury.

Closing her eyes, she felt herself leave her body and move to sky over the battlefield. Despite the thick fog, Astrid could still see the armies arranged upon the field that had been marked with the totems. The people glowed, as they did when it was night, allowing her to easily see the rift that opened up in the opposing army. The Romans and the Bulgarians had divided themselves, sticking to their own.

It was a view that she would never tire of, Astrid decided. It wasn't what she'd imagined when she was a young girl, determined to be a shieldmaiden. She'd imagined herself at the front of armies, wielding a sword. Much like Siegfried. But, she found that she had rapidly warmed up to being a tactician, as the Romans called it. A general. Siegfried led from the front, making snap decisions while he trusted the wider board to her.

She was well hidden near the top of the hill, a small guard around her and her runners. Beyond her was the bulk of the army, deathly quiet as they knew that their part in what was to come required the element of surprise. They would just have to hold and wait for the right moment.

"The battle is starting," Astrid warned, gripping the table. There were only a handful of potential responses that the Bulgarians and Romans could give with their current circumstances. They didn't trust one another and both were actively scheming against the other because they thought the other was scheming against them. Whether or not they were didn't really matter.

As such, neither would trust the other to cover their back during the battle. The simplest answer to the problem was to have both forces commit at the same time.

Roman infantry and Bulgarian peasants marched forward, while the Bulgarian cavalry started to pull ahead. She saw them moving in her mind, like pieces across a board. It was daunting to see how outnumbered Siegfried was and there was a twisting in her guts, knowing that he was at the front and center of the thousand men he'd kept with him. Their few numbers hidden by the fog.

The effect on the ground was almost immediate. The wet earth was stirred into a thick mud that clung to the attacking army like paste. The formation quickly started to break down, slowing, and it was then that another crack started to show. It was the same crack that Siegfried's own army had.

Miscommunication. In Siegfried's army, there were those that spoke Norse, Germanic, and now there were those that spoke Greek or Arabic. Siegfried managed to get around the issue because he understood how armies thought. The Romans and Bulgarians weren't so lucky -- not because they didn't know, but because both sides were inherently suspicious of each other.

The advance slowed, leaving the Bulgarian cavalry to pull even further ahead. It was then that Siegfried revealed his response to their cavalry.

Seemingly without warning, the galloping horses began to rear up, baying in pain. The riders were thrown off their horses, completely unaware of what just happened. The answer was hidden in the mud -- iron caltrops.

Siegfried feared cavalry. He spoke of the devastation their charges delivered, and he spent more than one evening in the library simply researching on how to deal with an enemy that had superior cavalry. The answer he found came in a few parts -- break their formation, slow their charge… and isolate them.

The caltrops injured the horses and induced a caution into the charge while also disrupting their formation. Many still continued on, heading straight for Siegfried's line where his men readied their pikes. The charge closed in before the second defense was revealed -- a fence that was pulled up at the last second. She saw the effects in her mind. Horses impaling themselves on the fence, toppling over, the following horses smashing into those in front of them with bone shattering force. The effect was devastating.

But not perfect. The charge was blunted and bloodied, but Siegfried's line was still struck by it. The pikes helped, and it wasn't nearly as bad as it could have been, but even weakened the charge still hurt. Men were trampled, knocked over, or crushed as the charge forced its way into the line. They didn't get far, and most were soon pulled from their horses, but it was still a taste of what could have been.

Still, the worst case scenario didn't happen. Siegfried's line held strong as the Bulgarian cavalry was left routing, riding back to the Bulgarian army with far fewer numbers.

It was time. "Light the fire. Signal green," Astrid commanded and her runners responded instantly. They each grabbed a torch with a soaked rag, igniting it, but instead of the orange and red of normal fire, the flames were colored green. The rags had been covered in copper salts, giving the fire they produced it'sodd hue.

It was the answer Astrid had settled on for commanding an army so divided by language -- to use a language that everyone could understand.

Olek and Thorkell both surged down the hill. The men were as silent as they could be -- no war cries or screaming. Both Thorkell and Olek had driven the point home beforehand - by remaining silent their approach would be dismissed as general noise coming from the army. The Romans and Bulgarians would only realize what was happening far too late. Thorkell was an important piece, one she moved on the board as his Blessing allowed him to adjust his path ever so slightly. The goal was an envelopment of the opposing army, making the most use of the fog.

The men on the ground wouldn't know how many they numbered. Only that they were seemingly surrounded. And there, pressure from all sides would cause more cracks to form.

Astrid watched in her mind's eye as the plan worked almost perfectly. The Romans and Bulgarians hardly had time to react as the length of their army was struck with their exit cut off. The line was almost painfully thin in some places, but only she could see that. The sounds of battle reached her ears and she watched as the confusion settled in. Their enemies struggled to communicate, the two halves reacting independently, while the Bulgarian peasants started to panic.

"It's time for the archers. Blow the horn," Astrid commanded, and again the runners took off. A minute later, a loud horn echoed out over the sounds of fighting. It was then that the next step of the plan was revealed.

From the sea, ships announced themselves with a volley of arrows from the waiting archers. Hundreds of them. All of them fresh faced boys and girls that had volunteered in Kiev. Siegfried preferred a small, elite number of archers, but in this case quantity was their ally.

The arrows sailed forth, striking into the clustered Romans and Bulgarians. The damage done was minimal, but they weren't there to inflict damage. They were there to inspire a response while they say safely on ships far from the shore. The reaction to their presence was exactly what they wanted -- a mixture of trying to defend the beach to prevent a landing and retreating from it.

The Bulgarian peasants were chaos throughout the army, reacting blindly and without discipline. There was some scattered fighting between the Romans and the Bulgarians, each accusing the other of betrayal. It wasn't much, but it still helped.

With that, the trap was set and Astrid let out a small disbelieving laugh as she saw their forces surround the much larger army. The mud made movement painful and sluggish, the breakdown in communication didn't help either, and the panic acted as a death knell.

"Siegfried… we'll need to add this to the Runestone," Astrid muttered to herself, watching the slaughter happen.

It would take hours and hours, long enough that the fog dissipated entirely underneath the afternoon sun… but of the fourteen thousand men that had chosen to fight on the field of battle…

Less than a thousand would leave it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 836 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 16, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The More Things Change New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,380
Things hardly settled with our victory. It took time for the effects to ripple out across the Roman Empire, which found itself shocked by waves of news. First, that iconoclasm had been officially repealed by the Pope and Patriarch of the Faith. Then, at the same time, news that Bulgaria had been conquered spread alongside the repeal. As far as anyone could tell, it mostly had the intended effect -- people took it as a sign.

But not everyone did. Fanatical believers weren't so easily convinced by evidence of any sort. Barring anything short of the skies parting and God whispering his will to them personally, they would remain determined to see what they believed to be his will done. After all, these were people who not only killed their own countrymen over the issue of icons, but even killed their own kinsmen if needed. The result was a smattering of rebellions and heightened tensions across the Empire -- a dozen people revolting in a village, a hundred in a town, or a thousand in a city.

Few in number and dispersed they may have been, they still had the potential to become a rebellion that would have engulfed the Empire if they had been given the chance.

Michael Lachanodrakon was the one rallying voice that could have ignited these scattered fanatics and tipped over those that were sitting on the fence. Which was why snuffing out the flames of his rebellion before they could truly begin had the effect of killing the other, smaller rebellions in the crib. The measures that Irene took ensured that the dispersed fanatics were quickly rounded up and put down. Sometimes with words, other times with the point of a sword.

Naturally, Irene didn't hesitate to seize the opportunity to increase her own power. Michael and his kin were stripped of their titles and possessions, reduced to landless nobility. Irene repossessed the title of Strategos and had yet to name another for the region, and I doubted that she would in her lifetime. Likewise, the minstrels, news barkers, and rumors in taverns all spun the same tale. Whispering who was responsible for such victories.

People began to whisper a name -- Irene the Glorious. It was through her actions and initiatives that icons were restored. That the Abbasids were rebuffed. That Bulgaria was conquered. The credit wasn't going to her son, as the Emperor. It went to Irene, as the Regent.

My own actions seemed to have restored the favor she had shown me before, to a degree at least. My crushing victory was used as evidence from God of his approval of icons. In any case, I'd learned how fickle Irene's favor was. She would only ever remember the last good thing I did for her. But that suited me well enough.

My forces spent a month in Kiev, settling Bulgaria for a time before the Roman garrison took our place. In that time, I was never approached by Krum -- though, I had no idea if that was because he died during the battle, or if he simply wasn't interested in speaking to me. So, I instead turned to internal matters such as the recruits and Jarls.

It was a rather simple affair, really. The Jarls were none too pleased by the thought of losing command by joining my army, but their people were more than pleased by the thought of climbing through the ranks by merit. It forced the Jarls to bend, simply because if they didn't, most of their forces would desert them and they would lack the strength to retake their lands in Denmark. Likewise, my victory at the Red Sea, as people had taken to calling it, validated those that had come so far for me -- it was proof that I had been blessed by the gods.

The result was a thousand men staying behind in Kiev to hold it for our people. There, they would actively recruit warriors from afar. It mattered little their origin -- Bulgarians, Romans, Khzars, Rus. So long as they were able bodied and could pass the tests that were left behind, they could be recruited. As had happened after Ravenfeast, there was a surge of warriors that were interested in fighting under my banner. All of it paid for by the Bulgarians, as I had reclaimed all the loot I had taken.

It also allowed us to set up a more consistent trade route with the Baltic Sea. I had inadvertently done enough damage to Denmark as it was, but setting up a trade route would help prepare things for the future.

The near ten thousand that came with us to Crete settled in without much issue, for the most part. Norland had grown significantly during the stay of the Christians, and the city had become one of cultural importance in the aftermath of the debate. Which made ten thousand pagans a less than welcomed sight to the Christians, but any insurrection or bad blood was swept away with my return to Norland.

In the eyes of the refugees and pilgrims, Norland was exactly what they had been promised - a gentle land that could sustain them, where even the winters were mild. Even before I had arrived to the city, I'd sent word to help correct some of their beliefs -- they were a jumbled mess, exactly as Hoffer had warned me, with some believing that I was a Christian prophet, others even mistaking me for Jesus, but most were under the impression that I was a god, of the Aesir, here to deliver them to a promised land.

Sorting through that mess took some time, but just confirming that I followed the gods -- Odin, Thor, Freya, and the others -- was enough to convince most of them that I wasn't in any way Christian. I'm sure there were still a few that held fast to the belief, but they kept it to themselves as far as I could tell, and so long as they did that they could believe what they liked.

It was as I dealt with that issue, that the reactions throughout the Empire finally began to settle. During the establishment of iconoclasm some decades ago, it had been used as an excuse to revoke many titles and lands from those that continued to practice their faith with icons. Naturally, those that had lost everything were hoping to reclaim what was lost. Likewise, other established nobles desired the now vacant lands that Irene repossessed from rebels.

I kept my nose out of the entire ordeal, but the outcome was obvious. It was an opportunity to build her powerbase further, so she would only grant the lands to those that were loyal to her. Which Michalis seemed to be because three months after the rebellion in Bulgaria, his family lands were restored to him in full. Thus completing one of the first quests that I had received in this land.

Quest:
Objective: Restore Michalis's family lands, titles, and fortunes.
Bonus Objective: Destroy those that brought his family low.
Reward: 250 Prestige, 1 Diplomacy perk.
Bonus reward: 1 Boon Perk.​

Between the Red Sea and fulfilling this quest, my Prestige was once more at a comfortable place where I could either grant two people their first Blessings or one person a second. It also granted me my first Diplomacy Perk, along with another Boon.

The Diplomacy Perk had been something of a conundrum as I had a choice between three useful perks.

Silver Tongue: Negotiation is the act of give and take. With words, influence, and charm, you attempt to sway the scales your way. With Silver Tongue, you will always know what the other party wishes to hear. It is only a question of if you wish to say it.

Know Thy Enemy: A person is defined by the traits that they embody. With this Perk, the user can tell the three most prominent traits a person possesses with merely a glance.

Relationship Tracker: Relationships are now measured and calculated by the number of benefits and malices that transpire between you and others. For example; gifting someone a treasure that they desire would be a +10 to the relationship, while for someone else it could be -10 because they desired that same treasure.

Relationship Tracker does not define what the relationship is, but those that have a positive modifier will generally view you more favorably than those with a negative modifier.

All three were useful in their own way, but Know Thy Enemy struck me as the most useful overall. Silver Tongue was tempting, but only situationally as, so far, I generally knew what people wanted when I was negotiating with them -- usually me either dead or gone from their lands. Relationship Tracker was interesting, but in the end, I already possessed a version of it with True Sight. Even if it would be useful to know what people took as a malice.

The Boon was a much easier selection, in the end.

Terrifying Presence: By simply exuding your presence, those of weak will shall feel as if they are locked in a cage with a predator.

Map: Creates a highly detailed 3D map of where the user has been.

It wasn't even a choice as I selected Map with no hesitation. My models had proven invaluable over time, and Map promised to be far more so, and almost immediately I felt vindicated when I found that Fertility Map worked with it and marked out the soil fertility on my Map. It also worked very well with Simulation, which allowed me to simulate the effects of natural disasters on the map on a much broader scale. Map was by far the best Boon I could have taken.

Given that it was scalable, I could have a large map of a small area or a small map of all of Crete. It would only improve as time went on as perks such as Ore Wealth would help develop the Map significantly. It also made my other Quest to develop Norland that much more important because between Map and City Manager, I would have a firm grip on how I would go about developing Denmark upon my return.

Quest: Founding a city.
Objectives:
Population: 29,556/25,000
Wealth: 65,000/100,000
Military Power: 8,000/10,000
Notable Buildings: 3/5

Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Trait: City Builder. 3 Stewardship Perks. 1 Diplomacy Perk.​

City Builder: Locations for cities will be highlighted for the user -- Green for good, yellow for neutral, and red for poor.

When managing or visiting a city owned by user, the city's stats will be revealed and are as follows:

Happiness
Quality of life
Population growth
Wealth
Security
Education
Religion

As well as information such as imports, exports, notable figures within the city, notable goods found within, spheres of influence, and expected levys.

I had the population. Wealth was slowly building up through trade. Notable Buildings was the next task I was handling -- My Longhouse counted for one, the Library second, while the third was the first Bathhouse that had been built based on my design. I hadn't expected that one to count, having only made my own bathhouse design because I hadn't wanted my people to bathe in filthy water like what could be found in the bathhouses of Constantinople, but I was hardly complaining. I had two other projects in mind that should count as notable buildings once completed, and they would begin shortly. The only part of the quest that was causing me some issues was Military Power.

I was recruiting in several places, but the warriors gained from that were all spread out across those locations instead of Norland and could not be counted as part of its Military Power. Nor did it strike me as wise to count the men that would be leaving with me back to Denmark. It was tempting to just open the floodgates and allow anyone who wanted to join, simply to increase the numbers of warriors the city could call upon, but I didn't want to lower my standards too much. After all, the quest said 'Military Power' rather than army size. Things like walls counted as well.

And, as much as I would like to simply focus on developing Norland, I didn't have that luxury.

Irene approved of my request to establish outposts in not only Sicily, but Sardinia as well. The reason was rather simple, in the end -- the Romans had struggled to exert their influence on Greece and Crete, and they were both directly next to the bulk of the Empire. Further off islands, such as Sicily and Sardinia, might as well have been Norway and Denmark with how far removed they were. They paid lip service to the Empire, but enjoyed rather independent rules with the Jarls of the islands acting as kings in function.

Naturally, they were less than pleased with our arrival but lacked the strength to oppose us. Rather than building settlements from scratch, I decided it would be far better to simply co-opt the settlements that were already there. There were several to choose from on Sicily, but the one chosen was the ancient city of Palermo. On Sardinia, Cagliari was chosen, largely due to the silver mines that were already operating in the area.

Between the two, my forces were spread out. But it was progress, even if it was inconvenient as it helped me with another quest.

Quest: Lord of the Tides

Objective: Establish a military presence on (3/4) major islands in the Mediterranean.
- Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Title: Lord of Tides. 1 Boon.
Bonus Objective: Establish (10,100/20,000) army within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #1: 1 Martial Perk.
Bonus Objective: Maintain (550/1,000) standing fleet.
- Bonus reward #2: Learning Perk: Early Age of Exploration Ship: Caravel.
Bonus Objective: Maintain an alliance with (0/1) major power within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #3: Third hint to legendary item (3/3)

Lord of Tides: The ocean will ever be in the favor of the bearer of this title.

As it so happened, securing the islands would be the easiest task. The Balearic Islands were going to be taken from the Umayyad Caliphate in the coming year. The alliance with the Abbasids was in the works. The army and the ships were the real issues, as Hoffer would need a powerful army to maintain his grip on the islands while the ships were what would allow him to control the Mediterranean Sea. To say nothing of the Learning Perk that I wanted.

All told, things were generally moving in the direction that I wanted to and, eventually, things settled back to normal.

Which is why another year passed in what felt like a blink of an eye.

…

"What is it?" I asked, looking at the odd contraption that Alexios had revealed to me as we sat outside of the University of Constantinople. My visits here weren't as frequent as I liked, or had planned when I first arrived at this city, but Alexios was always a friendly and familiar face to me. Especially as, little by little, I was copying everything that the massive library contained.

The contraption in question was a small still of some kind -- The four legs were made out of wood, there was a round copper basin with a lid on it, and protruding from that lid were two stalks that had a ball between them that had two bent spigots jutting out on either end.

"This," Alexios informed proudly, grinning at me with a split lip and a blackened eye, "is an aeolipile! I've been wanting to get my hands on it for ages. Ended up having to take it by force when my turn was skipped again," he elaborated, tending to a small fire underneath the basin to get it going before he grabbed two waterskins and began pouring them into the basin itself. "It could prove useful to your latest project."

I looked down at the text in my hands -- a long scroll that described the rotating dining room that belonged to the Emperor Nero. It had caught my attention as it was touted as one of the most incredible creations of the old Empire and I was inclined to agree. It sounded incredible. Suetonius, the author of the biography that described the dining room, was sparse on any detail involving how it worked. But given that he called it a wonder of engineering, I wasn't inclined to believe that Nero simply had slaves pushing the room beneath the floor.

Which left me pondering how exactly I would build a rotating room of my own. Or could.

"Oh? How so?" I said, letting the scroll full itself up as I leaned forward on the stone bench that I sat on.

"Watch and be amazed, my young student," Alexios boasted, feeding the fire so it grew. I had no idea what he intended for a long few minutes until a trace of steam drifted out of the spigots in the ball. Slowly, the steam grew in intensity as the water inside of the basin began to boil, and once it was boiling in earnest, the steam grew in power. Which made the ball begin to move. "The steam generates pressure, and through correct containment, it is possible to guide that pressure to turn it into force."

The ball was spinning rapidly now with a high-pitched whine. I got off the bench to walk forward, interested in how the aeolipile worked. It was still going, but I did spy one problem. "Has it ever been used for something bigger?"

"Not to my knowledge, no," Alexios admitted. "For something like this, it's perfect. I think before it came back to the university, it was used as entertainment for some nobles. But at a larger scale the concept runs into some logistical problems."

I hummed, nodding as I used Structural Analysis upon the aeolipile. It was rather simple, and it did exactly what Alexios said. The water boiled into steam, the steam was guided, and that created force which made the ball spin. "To make a room spin, it would take significantly more water than a few waterskins. That could be done easily enough, especially if I'm willing to use an aqueduct to provide the water. The real issue comes in providing the heat to boil it."

"Well spotted," Alexios said, giving me a proud grin. "Wood is entirely ineffective. Costs too much, it's too labor intensive, and it fails to provide a sustained burn. Charcoal is better, but like wood it is entirely too expensive and labor intensive to provide the quantities that you would need." Steam was impractical in a number of ways, it seemed.

But, the core idea was sound. "So, pressure and force is the answer?" I said, watching as the aeolipile spun itself out, the water evaporated.

"Applied pressure and force," Alexios corrected ever so slightly. "It is the basis of all machines, in the end. What makes them so impractical is how the pressure or force is created."

I crouched in the dirt, thinking about it for a moment. It was a topic I was familiar with by now. My attendance to lectures were few and far between, but I had done significant self study. "An ox pulls a plow through a field," I muttered to myself, sticking a finger in the dirt and drawing a line. It was the same basic principle -- the ox applied force, the plow was how that force was guided, and the result was a field fit for farming.

It was just a question of how the force was created and how it was applied.

With my finger still in the dirt, I thought of a wagon wheel. It was circular, which allowed it to smoothly distribute force. Though, that was largely because there was only one point of contact on the ground at a time… Drawing the wheel, I tilted my head in thought… "The room is a wagon wheel," I mused, but that just confused me further.

A wagon wheel was pulled forward, causing the axle to turn, which in turn turned the wheel. If the axle was planted in the ground, then that meant that some kind of spinning force was applied.

I scratched at my head, thinking on it for a second more- "Father!" I heard a young voice call out to me, and I immediately looked over to see that it was my son, Ragnar. He broke into a dead sprint, leaving his guards behind him as he raced towards me. He had grown. It felt like just yesterday that he was a baby, stuffing everything that he could find in his mouth, and causing no end of trouble the moment he learned how to crawl.

Now he was running, talking, and finding even more trouble.

"Ragnar," I replied, catching him as he jumped to me. At the age of two, he felt like he was my spitting image -- my dark red hair with Astrid's bright blue eyes. He was big for his age, and he wore the emblem of our house proudly upon his chest. "What are you doing here? Got bored of the manor?" I asked him, pushing the wild strands of hair out of his face. He gave me a cheeky grin before he threw his arms around my neck and gave me a fierce hug.

I patted his back at the nonanswer, "I do hope you at least told your mother where you were going," I said, my gaze flickering to the half dozen guards that protected my son whenever we were in this city.

"Yeah! I told her I wanted to read books with you," Ragnar said, pulling back and I looked at him.

Ragnar Siegfriedson
Traits: Curious.​

As a child, he had what seemed to be 'starter' traits that could grow into other traits. Around his teens is where the traits would begin to solidify. I could see the three major traits that defined a person, but there were others that would only reveal themselves the better I knew them. Such as Ragnar's guards -- not only were they blue to True Sight, they had the Loyal trait.

"In that case, let's go read some books," I changed my plans easily, looking to Alexios to see that he offered an understanding smile. Some might say that I was too soft with my children- no, I knew that they said it behind my back, but I cared little. There was very little point in creating all of this if I didn't use it to indulge my children. To that end, I patted Alexios on the shoulder before moving on, heading inside the library with Ragnar at my hip. His guards trailed behind us and they cut a frightful sight.

They wore the latest attempt at recreating the armor that Astolfo wore. It was a type of half-plate at the moment as I had yet to solve the issue of mobility when it was a single unified piece, or the difficulties of creating such a chest piece in the first place. The half plate went over the chest while lamar armor covered the vitals at the stomach. Their arms and legs, however, were clad in layered plate armor with the only gaps being at the knees and elbows, but those were covered by the long set of chainmail. It went down to the knees, which were then further protected by the studded leather skirt gambison that extended down to their ankles.

Their helms were ones modified for guard duty -- the traditional nasal helm of our people served well enough, protecting their heads, nose, and eyes but leaving their faces exposed. For war, their faces would be covered with a mail coif for added protection. They were armed with a shield, a dagger at their belt along with a hand axe, with their main armament being a modified Dane axe -- the head of the axe was still there, but it was joined with a spear tip at the top so that it could act as a thrusting weapon.

The training that my warriors underwent, as well as the training of any potential recruits, had its intended effect. My people were in general already taller than the average Roman, but with the training they packed on muscle. And, in the past year, they weren't the only ones.

It had been some time that I hadn't been at least a head taller than anyone I met. I had finally surpassed Thorkell in height some months ago, which left the only person I knew taller than me being Hoffer, but the distance between us seemed to be shrinking by the day.

The library was quiet for the most part -- the only real sound came from my soldiers, and my son's sound of excitement when he saw the shelves overflowing with texts. Ragnar wasn't particularly interested in the scrolls themselves as he was me reading them to him. There were a few tightened expressions from those in the library, but they kept their heads down. As a noble, and with my influence, most simply avoided me outright.

The only one that dared to look up was a familiar face. Jasmine smiled at us through her veil, seated at a table and surrounded by her own guards. With no invasion incoming, the negotiations between the Romans and Abbasids had been left ongoing in regards to Jasmine. The Romans were stalwartly against the idea of simply returning Jasmine to her homeland, but they had conceded on a number of things. One of which was her admittance to the university. Another was that she was granted Abbasid guards.

A year was enough time for them to accept that I didn't have any untoward intentions towards their princess, but they still eyed me with open suspicion as I neared. Jasmine, on the other hand, simply gestured for me to take the seat across from her. "I see that you are in high spirits. Is it time to leave already?" She asked, gently closing a text. I couldn't read Arabic upside down, but I suspected that it was another book about the lands the Romans had seen.

Almost as soon as Jasmine began her stay at the university, she proved to have a hunger for tales of the wider world. As well as a talent for numbers.

"No, not yet. The little one decided to go on an adventure," I said, sitting Ragnar on my knee while I grabbed a nearby text. "I'll remind you, you are free to come and go as you please in the city now. Your brother has proven he's an adept haggler," I remarked. As part of my help with restoring his family name, Michalis had awarded me with a manor within the city limits that had once belonged to Chares.

I didn't see much of Michalis these days -- we still aided each other, but with the controversy and stigma that followed me, he would only communicate through letters. I didn't mind much. We had never been friends and he reminded me too much of a snake in the grass, willing to bite whoever was nearby to sate his hunger. Regardless, with the manor, we had an easy residence to come and go from while in Constantinople.

Jasmine offered a small shake of her head, "I could, but then I wouldn't get to see the little one." Jasmine said with a fond smile, looking at Ragnar. He was a charmer. "I even found a book that I think he might like," she said, sliding me the one that she had been reading.

Taking it, it fell open to a page as a slip of paper had been wedged in the binding. A message written in Arabic.

'My brother invites you to speak of the alliance you offered.'

"I think we'll both enjoy it," I replied, my gaze meeting hers for a brief moment.

There really was no rest for the wicked.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 801 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 13, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Foundations of the Future New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,414
Hadi had a plan.

It wasn't an ideal one. Not even close. But, that was to be expected in his trying circumstances. If things were ideal, then he wouldn't be in this situation in the first place -- married to an ambitious and beautiful woman, a regent to a young Emir, and a close advisor to the Caliph himself.

It was awful. Every night, he went to sleep begging that it all be a dream and every morning he awoke to his greatest nightmare made manifest. Some days he wondered if the Pagan had killed him in Crete, and every day since had been a punishment in Jahannam. Yet, hope wasn't so easily snuffed out. Even if it was likely false hope, as Hadi had a plan.

"Do you need any help, Emir Asad?" Hadi asked, looking down at the boy that he had been saddled with. If Emir Muhammad wasn't dead already, Hadi would have killed him a hundred times over for this 'honor.' The boy, now eight years of age, shook his head as he solved the math equation with minimal help.

"No, Hadi," the boy replied, continuing on with no issue.

"You learn quickly, my lord. I am pleased to see it. Well done," Hadi praised, taking another step in what was likely to be a ten thousand step plan. He was awarded with a small smile as the boy continued to follow his studies as they rode along the coast to their destination. Where they were being summoned.

His plan had two phases, but the length of time between them was long. First, he would follow in his father's footsteps in how he raised both himself and his younger brother -- overbearing, and in his brother's case, heaping praise upon him. This had the intended goal of teaching him what he needed to know, making him competent. But, in a few years time, the boy would become a man.

And like all boys on the cusp of manhood, the word of their guardians became less than dirt. The boy would rebel from him, seeking to stand on his own two feet. Hadi couldn't wait. In that time, Hadi fully intended to pull back, handing the reins to his dominion back to Emir Asad while making sure he didn't make a mess of it in the shadows. By the time of his sixteenth year, the young Emir would no longer require a regent.

Leaving Hadi free of the majority of his responsibilities. If he was lucky -- HA! -- then a few years after Emir Asad took control, he would reward Hadi with a manor and some servants for his loyal service. But, the point was, in a decade the vast majority of Hadi's political weight would have vanished as he lost the title of regent. That, naturally, would cause issues with his beautiful and ambitious wife as his star would obviously be waning. He just needed to make a fool of himself in front of the right audience at the right time, and the Caliph would have no choice but to quietly shove away Hadi to avoid any further embarrassment.

A decade, Hadi thought, looking down at what he hoped to never to see -- calluses on his hands. He just had to last another decade. Ten years. This was merely him front loading all of the hard work he would ever have to suffer in the entirety of his life. Once he entered his early thirties, it would be smooth sailing. He could die in his fifties of his own poor choices and overindulgences. Truly, the ideal death.

He just had to last a decade. One measly decade. It was easier said than done given who they would be meeting.

"Hadi?" Asad questioned, glancing up from his work. "Why are we going to Alexandria?" He questioned and Hadi pursed his lips, pondering how to best explain it to the boy.

His wife found a way first, "Because not all honors are honors, Asad." To that, Asad blinked, looking to Hadi for elaboration.

Asad was a visual learner, so he decided upon an example. Reaching to the container between himself and his wife, he scooped out a handful of what was inside before handing the container to Sheba, who seemed amused. "Emir Asad, in this example, you are Caliph Harun while I shall be your uncle-"

"But you said he's a poo for brains son of a whor-" Asad started to repeat one of his less than quite muttering under his breath, but Hadi interrupted with a small cough.

Asad's uncle, Ahmed was the ruler of Alexandria and its surrounding territories. For the past few years, the man had been an exceptional pain in his ass -- withholding taxes, snubbing his messengers, and Hadi had a sneaking suspicion that every third assassination attempt he dealt with came from the man. It was to be expected, really. He was a powerful man that assumed he would become regent for Asad upon his brother's death, and from there, Asad was but an accident away from him becoming Emir himself.

"Yes, right. But let's pretend," Hadi hastily moved on. "As Caliph, it is my honor and duty to house you. You shall be welcomed with celebrations and gifted lavish treasures. Now, what does that sound like to you?" Hadi said, dropping a candied fruit into Asad's hands.

"Fun?" He tried, suspicious of the question.

"For you, certainly. For myself, housing the Caliph and celebrating him is a great honor." Hadi said, pleased to see the suspicion. Perhaps, soon, Asad would grow suspicious of Hadi himself and he could be ousted from power sooner than he hoped. "However, what happens when you decide that you like staying in Alexandria? And you decide to honor me not for days, but weeks. Months, even." As Hadi spoke, he continuously dropped candied fruits into Asad's hands.

He understood when the last one was dropped, "It's expensive?"

"Exceptionally so," Sheba agreed. "Feasts and festivities are costly, and providing anything less than the best for the Caliph would be seen as shameful. Likewise, you can hardly complain to the Caliph about his stay. There is nothing left to do but continue to entertain him and bask in the honor of his presence."

"Once I have run out of funds, I am forced to look to my neighbors and allies," Hadi continued, looking to Sheba, who graced him with a smile as she tilted the container to him. "Placing myself in their debt as costs climb higher and higher the longer the Caliph honors me. Or, if I'm particularly dishonorable, stealing from others." He took a few candies and dropped them onto the pile in Asad's hands.

He was young, but he understood. He had a head for numbers as Sheba had all but beat the knowledge into his head. It was a remarkably simple way for the Caliph to weaken his vassals. Once the war with the Romans failed to materialize, on Hadi's suggestion he underwent a tour of his lands. It had been an offhand remark, so he had been rather surprised when the Caliph did exactly that.

He weakened his greatest detractors and those whose influence grew out of hand in this way, all the while filling his coffers in preparation for what would likely be an extended war.

"Is that why the Caliph ignored us?" Asad questioned and Hadi nodded. It could be considered an insult that Alexandria received the Caliph but they did not. At the start, it had been treated as one by some. But, as the stay went on for the better part of three months…

"It is. Because now we have reason to investigate your uncle's records," Hadi confirmed. The man was stealing from his nephew, but he was being frustratingly good about it. It was easy to hide gold during an upheaval like Alexandria was going through as its importance as a port was being elevated. To make matters worse, the man was well connected and popular.

Thankfully, the Caliph was amenable to supporting the rightful ruler of the land and aided them in discrediting him. Ahmed's popularity was curbed by his debts as even his friends knew that he was unlikely to be able to repay them all in his lifetime. An audit of his records would reveal that he had been stealing, which would allow Hadi to remove the man from his position lawfully. From there, a much more loyal cousin in Asad's faction would oversee Alexandria and Hadi would be able to put this headache to rest.

Asad looked down at all the candied fruits in his hands, mulling it all over for just a moment.

Then he promptly shoveled all of the candies into his mouth so he wouldn't have to share. A greedy glutton.

Hadi approved.

…

The city of Alexandria was an old one, with a rich history. There were dozens of cities erected in the honor of Alexander the Great, but few had as storied a history as Alexandria. It was where history had been made time and time again -- where the fate of the Roman Empire, and Egypt itself, had been decided. Hadi knew it was no coincidence that it was where the upcoming meeting would take place. Caliph Harun Al-Rashid was too learned for Hadi to think otherwise.

The old stone walls stood proud and the double harbor was in full swing, in no small part due to the efforts of his wife and the fact that Siegfried had thoroughly sacked most of the other port cities in the area. The city itself almost looked to be under siege by the court that had arrived with the Caliph when he took residence here.

Their retinue was welcomed, and Hadi saw signs of the Caliph's stay wearing on the city. You could only gorge yourself for so long before getting sick, after all. The effect was more pronounced when they arrived at the lavish manor that the Caliph resided in. It was almost enough to make Hadi feel a bit bad about the whole situation -- Ahmed had been put between a rock and a hard place with no good way to get out.

Then Hadi remembered that the petty bastard had nearly killed him a couple of times, and he suddenly didn't feel bad anymore.

Their arrival was announced at the manor, the ceremonies going on without a hitch and Hadi had grown numb to the pageantry of it all. They were greeted by Caliph Harun Al-Rashid, who did not bother with the silk sheet that his father hid behind at all times. Asad was greeted warmly, and the festivities renewed themselves upon the arrival of another important guest.

There were dancers, fire spitters, plays, and every source of entertainment one could hope to find in one place. The whole affair had to have been extraordinarily expensive, so Hadi was content to wait for his spies to find all the evidence that they needed.

The more important meeting happened hours later, in a private room. And, it truly was a sign of how wrong his life had turned out when he found the thought of sharing a room with the Caliph along with the son of the Vizier no longer sent him into a blind panic. In fact, it almost felt mundane as they discussed decisions that would guide the Caliphate for decades to come.

"My spies have confirmed the Frankish king's mobilization," Hadi said, seated at a lounge chair directly across from the Caliph while Yahya stood behind him. Harun, for his part, appeared to be the picture of a dignified Caliph. He had grown into himself -- by his nature, he was still soft spoken and shy, but he wore a confident and serene mask to the public. "It is a significant increase from what he usually invades with -- fifty thousand men in total."

Charlemagne had been using Iberia as his personal coin purse for decades by this point. He would invade, sack a number of cities, pillage the surrounding area, then he'd leave a token force behind as he returned home with the spoils. Those spoils then went to the various projects he financed. Largely religious institutions, but also wars like the ones he waged on the pagan lands.

"Then he is serious about it this time," Harun said, leaning back into his chair, unsurprised by the development. "My father was under the impression that he invaded for prestige. A way to show his vassals that he is strong."

That likely had its part to play too. Until now, Iberia, and perhaps all of Hispania, had been a convenient target. A land to bully. Hadi knew that the Abbasids, for their part, only cheered the Frankish king on as he weakened a rebellious dynasty. "What eats at me is the question of what has changed? Even without our involvement, Charlemagne must know that he will be stuck suppressing the lands for decades to come."

"That," Caliph Harun began, "I may have an answer for." He said, and Yahya stepped forward to pass Hadi a letter. Opening it, his brow at first furrowed before his eyebrows began to inch up to his hairline until they would have vanished behind it if they could.

It was a translated copy of a letter between Charlemagne… and Irene of Athens. A personal letter. Nothing of true substance was discussed, but the language used was informal.

"Your spies are much better than mine," Hadi admitted, mulling it over. The Caliph chuckled as Hadi reread the letter, putting the pieces together. By the language used, it couldn't have been the first time they exchanged letters. Irene was widowed and had been for two years. It would be improper for her to remarry, but from all he had heard of her, Irene was too power hungry to care about what was proper. As for Charlemagne… "Is this an affair, or…?"

"Queen Hildegard of the Franks has birthed eight children, with a ninth on the way. But, she has taken ill, and hopes are not high that she will survive the birth," Harun informed and Hadi fought off a grimace. It was to be expected, in the end. It was a woman's lot in the world, especially when it came to kings and emperors. Still, to be looking for your next wife even as your current one was at risk of dying to deliver you a ninth child…

Unsavory as it was, the prize was tempting enough for Hadi to understand the decision.

"The Roman Empire wishes to rise from its ashes," Hadi concluded, earning a single sharp nod from the Caliph. The terms of this union were up in the air as, to Hadi's knowledge, Charlemagne's succession was rather secure. Peppin the Hunchback was disqualified due to his condition, but of the eight children Queen Hildegard had birthed, several were boys -- Charles the Younger, Carloman, and Louise. All young, so their survival to adulthood was not guaranteed, but…

"The resurrection of the Roman Empire will happen, either by marriage between Emperor Constantine and one of Charlemagne's daughters… or between Charlemagne and Irene," Caliph Harun ventured, his voice grave. "It completely depends on the nature of the alliance they strike." But one way or another, an alliance would be struck. It was just a question of what form it would take.

And Hadi had a solid enough idea, "Charlemagne desires a legacy. Irene desires power."

"You expect them to wed?" Harun questioned and Hadi offered a small nod, reluctant to give such a definitive answer but he was fairly confident.

"Charlemagne is conquering Hispania to solidify his position as the king of the western half of Rome. He may lack the titles and bloodline, but possessing something is nine tenths of ownership," Hadi said, looking down at the table that divided them. It was Asad's fault, but he had gotten used to visual examples. So he started moving things around. "It would also give him a direct border with us, which he could use as leverage for the alliance. I imagine that joint invasions into the Caliphate is how the divide in their cultures will mend -- with us acting as the common enemy."

The Caliph followed along, a frown tugging at his lips as he followed Hadi's hands -- a water map of the rough landmass with trinkets pushing in from Anatolia and the west from Hispania. The Greeks wouldn't like it. The Franks wouldn't like it either. But with the Christian faith healing itself, and a common enemy to unite against… they very well could get along long enough for the rifts to mend.

"What of their children?" The Caliph questioned, and to that, Hadi's lips thinned.

"It wouldn't surprise me to hear that Emperor Constantine suffered an untimely death," Hadi admitted. Irene was ambition wrapped in flesh. "Charlemagne's children are a question, but from what I know of the Franks succession laws… they'll likely be passed over. Perhaps granted some lands, but the throne of the Roman Empire would likely go to the children born between Charlemagne and Irene. It would have to be."

It helped that Charlemagne had several daughters that he could use to further bind the eastern half of the Roman Empire to what would become the western half. As well as several sons. The line of succession could get messy if Irene failed to have children with him, but she was still quite young and her fertility was proven.

The Caliph wasn't disagreeing with Hadi either. "It would seem that I was not destined for a peaceful reign," he sighed, also not sounding particularly surprised by the news. Then he gestured to Hadi, "With all of this revealed, what do you say of Siegfried's offer?"

That was the issue at hand. Honestly, he wished Ahmed was the greatest of his concerns. "I… would say that it would be in our interest…" Hadi admitted, feeling the urge to start coughing up blood as he did so. "In the end, what Siegfried hopes to do is to distract the Franks from interfering with his homeland. Bogging them down in Hispania would be a good way to do that. But with a potential restoration of the Roman Empire on the horizon…"

Having an ally in the Mediterranean, especially one that could be as problematic as Siegfried had proven himself to be… it appealed. The Abbasids had always lacked a particularly powerful navy, more so now than ever. From the plans that Siegfried had detailed, the island nation that he would be leaving behind would be the most powerful naval force in the Mediterranean. There was just one issue with the whole thing.

Such alliances needed to be made in blood as much as they did in ink. If not more so.

"I wish to think of him as an honorable man," Harun remarked, his lips thinning. Hadi only got to see a glimpse of it, but there was love between the siblings. They were close. "It is difficult now, because of this secrecy."

That much he agreed with, but unfortunately, he also understood. "It pains me to say it, but if Siegfried was dishonorable, he'd be far more helpful to both our goals." For better or worse, he was upholding the contract he made. He would take no direct action against the Romans until it ended. It was irritatingly pigheaded of him, but if he had done something as brazen as open the gates to Anatolia for them… then this alliance would be dismissed out of hand entirely. "He came here to find a way to coexist with the Christians. Now he knows that is a pointless endeavor, so he seeks an alliance with a common enemy instead."

The Caliph hummed -- Hadi wasn't telling him anything new. He just didn't want to hear it.

Hadi himself saw the advantages of such an alliance. They would have an ally in the Mediterranean, and have the Romans pinned between the Abbasids in the South and the Norsemen in the North. It would be best if they could prevent Francia and the Roman Empire from conjoining in the first place, but anything short of an assassination was unlikely to do that. The alliance seemed the best way forward.

It just came at the cost of Princess Jasmine.

There was a knock at the door before the Caliph gave permission to enter. A servant came to Yahya, whispering in his ear before Yahya repeated the words to Harun. The Caliph's lips thinned even further, "It seems that the Pagan has arrived. He awaits us at the Pyramids."

Hadi decided he wouldn't confess that he likely gave Siegfried the idea for such a meeting place.

Despite himself, Harun did seem intrigued. "It is as good of a place as any. I always wished to see them myself," he admitted.

…

One of the benefits of being the Caliph was that you didn't need to explain yourself to anyone, Hadi noted. Ahmed nearly fell to his knees with relief when he learned that Caliph Harun would be departing to see the Pyramids of Giza. Then he nearly wept when Harun informed him that he planned to return.

The fact the man would be relieved of his position went unsaid, as it had been painfully easy to find the evidence that Hadi desired. When you stole in the amounts that Ahmed did to keep himself afloat, it became very difficult to cover your tracks.

That was one problem nicely dealt with, but another would take its place, Hadi knew. Within the hour, he was off with the Caliph to cut off a particularly troublesome head from the hydra.

Sailing down the Nile River shortened their trip significantly, and it wasn't long before Hadi saw a monument to the ancients. It wasn't the first time he'd seen the three great Pyramids, but the sight of them still stole his breath away. He had heard of them, growing up as a boy. But what no one told him was how massive they were. Each stone was about the height of a man, and there were tens of thousands of stones piled up.

Time had weathered the stone, but they remained standing thousands of years after they were built. And they likely would for thousands of years more.

Hadi never considered himself a humble man. He was no braggart either of course, he was perfectly aware of his own strengths and faults. But the Pyramids humbled him in a way that was hard to describe. Whoever ordered their construction must have died long before they were completed, yet they were completed all the same.

It was also there that they found the party of the Pagan. The same man who had been with Siegfried when they met in Acre simply pointed up at the top of the Pyramid, his intent clear.

"Hadi, Yahya -- follow me," Harun decided, killing any hope that he could be left at the bottom and not risk falling to his death. A rope ladder had been wedged in the chafing stone, helping their ascent.

And it was there they found Siegfried waiting for them. Along with an unexpected guest.

"Brother!" Princess Jasmine exclaimed, nearly knocking Harun off of the Pyramid when she slammed into him for a hug. He nearly took them both down because he returned it just as fiercely.

Siegfried sat at the top of the pyramid, his legs crossed. He wore a traveler's garb with a turban covering his hair, but a short red beard covered his cheeks. He kept it well trimmed, likely as to not hide the vicious but fading scar on his neck. He had also grown significantly since they last saw one another. Before, Siegfried was in that awkward phase between boy and man. Now the baby fat had been shed entirely.

"My apologies for the summons here, but I had to see this monument with my own eyes. And even then, I thought they were playing tricks on me," Siegfried said in Arabic. He wasn't armed. Then again, he didn't need to be. Hadi had taken up swordsmanship merely because he didn't wish to fall into the same pitfall as his father.

His father had constantly harped on him about learning how to fight, but he never once saw his father holding a sword in his life. So, he trained alongside Asad, to surprising results.

Yet, it wouldn't be enough. If Siegfried wanted them dead, he didn't need a blade to see that done. But the fact that Princess Jasmine was here with him spoke of his intentions well enough.

"It does cut an impressive figure," Hadi acknowledged while the siblings quickly spoke to one another in hushed tones. "It feels like the oldest thing in the world. The Pyramids were ancient by the time of Alexander the Great, Rome, or… any of it."

"I can only imagine," Siegfried admitted, patting a hand on the top of the Pyramid. "On how such a thing was built. On how much time took, or by whom it was built. Or who would be worthy of such a monument."

Hadi offered a thin smile, "I can answer the who. The men that built this place did so freely." That seemed to surprise Siegfried, and for good reason. For this kind of work, Hadi too had expected it to be the work of slaves. Because he couldn't imagine anyone willingly choosing to do the back breaking labor needed to construct even one of the Pyramids. "The Egyptians believed that deeds and memory sustained a person in the afterlife. By aiding the construction of this great work, they would be remembered for as long as it endured."

"I like that," Siegfried quickly voiced his approval, but there was a calculating glint in his eye. He planned to use that information somehow, but Hadi could only guess how. Not that he had any desire to.

Siegfried was the kind of great man that made waves everywhere he went, and as far as Hadi was concerned, if he went to the other side of the world it wouldn't be far enough.

"However, none of us are here to swap tales of deeds gone by. We are here to speak of the future," Siegfried said, turning his attention to Caliph Harun.

The Caliph looked at Siegfried for just a moment, giving his sister's hands a small reassuring squeeze before he sat on the ground across from Siegfried with his head held high. "That we have, Lord Siegfried."

And Hadi cursed his own rotten luck, because he knew that he was party to a discussion that would shape the world for decades to come. History may never know of what was said, much like how history had forgotten the names of those who built the Pyramids, but much like the Pyramids themselves, the impact would be lasting.
...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 733 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 20, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Forgotten Conversations
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,438
It was strange to think, but under different circumstances, I believe Caliph Harun Al-Rashid and I could have been friends. If I had been a Muslim, or he a Norseman, I suspected that we would have gotten along quite well. Our interests overlapped more than I expected. He had been a shy conversationalist until we reached a topic that he was invested in.

I didn't know how to feel about it, in all honesty. I didn't really have any friends, at least none my age. Thorkel was a friend and a trusted companion, but he was also old enough to be my father if he'd had me a few years earlier in life. My Chosen… I trusted them of course -- I wouldn't have granted them my blessing if I hadn't. However, I wouldn't call us friends. I was their commander, their lord, and one day their King. There was a gulf between us that was not so easily closed.

The gulf between myself and Caliph Harun should have been greater, and yet…

"Darius the Third is too diminished by the exploits of Alexander the Great. He was King of Kings, risen up from obscurity with his bravery and talent for war proven several times over." Harun stated, sitting across from me with his legs crossed as he held out a glass to be filled with a sweet juice.

"He fled. Repeatedly," I replied, cocking an eyebrow at the point. "Tactically, each retreat was sound -- that I will admit. The tide of the war was turning, and there is no shame in conserving your strength when you are on the defensive. However, I will argue that the moment Darias the Third fled from Alexander the Great at the Battle of Issus was the moment he lost the war."

Harun nodded, "You shall find no argument from me on that point. What made Alexander the Great… well, the Great, was his ability to see an opportunity. Outnumbered, yet he still outflanked Darius. A narrow gap in his line that Alexander charged head first into -- a foolish thing. I would have suspected a trap. Yet, there wasn't."

"He should have fought," I voiced with a shake of my head. "Even if it meant his defeat. Alexander's gambit relied on momentum more than anything else. Had Darius remained, even if he had perished, his army would have been able to recover by virtue of numbers alone."

"Hm. He should have. Yet, he didn't, which is why Alexander the Great became a legend," Harun agreed with a nod of his head. "And why Darius is only remembered for his defeat. Unjustly. The Battle of Issus broke his confidence and his support. But, in another time, I suspect that the Persians would have conquered Greece. Alexander was brilliant on the offensive, but I would say his defensive tactics were quite mediocre. He was no Leonidas, and the Macedonians were no Spartans."

It was simply fun to talk to Harun. I was becoming increasingly convinced that I had read every text pertaining to Alexander the Great in the world, but there were few that I could speak of the man with. Astrid enjoyed reading of his tactics and exploits, but entertaining the thought of a possible defeat on an otherwise spotless record wasn't something she enjoyed.

It was vexing. Almost enough to make me wonder if I shouldn't have gone straight for the Abbasids when I first arrived instead of the Romans. Logically, I knew that I would have likely received the same welcome as I did in Constantinople, but I think I would have enjoyed working with Harun far more than I have Irene.

And had I joined their campaign, I likely could have looted the imperial library and university.

"A failing I share, I suspect," I admitted. "I have no love for defensive battles. It is the offense that controls the momentum." The only true defensive battle I had fought in was when I was trapped in Frankfurt, and it had been… less than ideal.

"Yes, I have noticed your preference for the offensive," Harun remarked dryly. "As well as your love for ships."

I offered an unrepentant shrug, "If it's any consolation, I'm fairly certain that Hadi's wife has had me pay back all of the loot I took."

That got a grunt from Hadi and a ghost of a smile from Harun. "That does console me, yes." Then that smile slipped, "We were unprepared for you. The Romans, in truth, are exactly what my father called them -- a dying old man. It is you that gave them a breath of new life. However, I don't believe you shall find a surprised foe in Abd al-Rahman."

Abd al-Rahman was an interesting man. I always studied my enemies, and since Charlemagne delivered his ultimatum, I had learned what I could. He was a prince of the Umayyad Caliphate, exiled upon the rebellion that saw Harun's dynasty rise to prominence. He was clever, possessing the same quality that Alexander the Great had in his ability to spot any opportunity that could shift disastrous odds into his favor.

Through his mixed blood, he allied the Berbers in the area that had long resisted the rule of the Caliphate. He carefully navigated ancient feuds to make his cause the common cause between old enemies. His tactics weren't brilliant by any means, but he overcame long odds by acting decisively during the battle that had won him his Caliphate.

"He is an old enemy of my family by this point," Harun continued. "One that has never forgiven us for the indignities and tragedies he suffered when he was forced into hiding. The death of his friends, his wife, and child… my family hounded him endlessly. Nowhere was safe for him in the Caliphate. And he has never forgotten for a moment that we are the ones that made him suffer so."

I expected not. I wasn't any more inclined to forget about Horrik. "He revealed himself quite some time ago. Why was nothing done?"

"Something was. Iberia- the whole of Hispania, is far," Harun admitted. "The lands beyond Egypt pay homage to us, but much of the Abbasid's strength is concentrated around the Arabian Peninsula. It is quite costly to move an army to the far outreaches of the Caliphate, which is why there was exactly one attempt to oust him not long after his ascension."

There was a grimace on his face, "However, the army was soundly defeated. The officers slain and the soldiers butchered. Their heads were sent to my grandfather on his pilgrimage to Mecca, and the sight struck such fear into him that he thanked Allah that there was a sea between us and them." Harun trailed off with a sigh. "It was decided then that noninterference was the safer option."

"Until now," I continued for him and his heavy gaze met mine.

"Until now, yes," he agreed, his voice grave. "Which is why you must convince me that you are Alexander the Great, and that Abd al-Rahman is Darius the Third. What you suggest is no small risk for me, nor my Caliphate. Even should we win, I expect that Hispania will find no peace for the length of my rule." He continued, his gaze hardening ever so slightly. "This is a venture with many risks, more so for myself than for you."

I understood that quite well. My own actions had weakened his dynasty's standing. Another failed invasion, so soon after the first? His vassals would sense weakness.

"It was impossible for him to miss the building military presence on his northern and southern borders. He has taken precautions -- fortifying cities and mountain passes in the north, while concentrating his fleets in the south. He knows that he cannot withstand the full might of your empires, so what he intends to do is hold off one of you until he defeats the other. That way he is fighting one enemy after another rather than two at once."

In the end, for all of his political brilliance and decisive action on the field of battle, Abd al-Rahman was like Odysseus trying to pass between a monster and a whirlpool. He only had so many options available to him with the resources that he had. To that end, he'd chosen to focus on the North -- the mountain passages were an ideal location to ambush a larger army, and that was his one hope of defeating the Franks with enough strength left over that he could then focus on the Abbadids.

His fleets, on the other hand, were a way for him to project strength to the Abbasids. All together, they consisted of more than a thousand ships, even if the majority were fishing vessels filled with armed fishermen. But even so, such a force would be daunting to attack, especially as Abd al-Rahman would know that the invasion by the Abbasids carried far more risk for Harun than the Frankish invasion did Charlemagne. He was counting on Harun's hesitation, that he would wait for more ideal circumstances before he moved, to buy him the time that he needed.

"However, my ships are faster than his," I continued. "I can easily bypass his fleet and you have experienced first hand how adept I am at sieges. I intend to sack his cities along the coast one by one, forcing a reaction by the southern fleet. If the commander there is clever, he will do as you did and anticipate my next landing and move to intercept. The issue there is that he will have to leave behind his slower ships -- leaving them isolated for me to attack."

Harun seemed… perplexed as he listened to me speak, "And if he is not clever?"

"Then he will divide his fleet in an attempt to garrison all of the remaining coastal cities to protect them from me. That would be ideal -- it would give me opportunity to attack the bulk of his forces, then clean up the remainder." And to further sweeten matters, it would allow me to claim enough ships to complete one of the bonus objectives for one of my quests. I needed a thousand ships, and I couldn't build them so easily. Claiming them was better and this was a great opportunity to do so.

"From there, I will continue north along the coast," I continued. "Abd al-Rahman will be forced into action then -- his southern border would be exposed, and with me at his flank… his defense of the north will splinter, and Charlemagne will seize upon that to launch his own invasion. Ideally, I would avoid actually dealing with the man, but should I be unlucky, I would be expected to aid him in battle against the Umayyads. After that, my part of the war shall be done."

The loot that I had taken would be sent to the Balearic Islands to be transferred over to Norland. As would the ships that I took. Both would be used to construct an outpost there to maintain a presence, as well as fortify my position on the other islands. Construction projects, hiring mercenaries -- all of it setting the foundation for my departure and what I would leave behind.

There was a small lapse in our conversation as Harun mulled over the plan for a moment. Evidently, it met his standards and he offered a small jerk of a nod. "I am amenable to granting you the Balearic Islands. It is better that you have them than Charlemagne, I suspect," Harun stated before his gaze flickered over to Jasmine. His expression tightened ever so slightly. "This alliance that you proposed… it has merit."

The islands would be spread out, divided by sea, but that was as much of a strength as it was a weakness. Hoffer, if he ruled well, would be able to dominate the Mediterranean. More so if he continued to build up his strength and chose who would govern each island in his name wisely. Even if the Romans or Franks managed to lay claim to an island, an unlikely event as it would be difficult to miss the numbers of ships that would be necessary in such an invasion, Hoffer would be able to take it back as neither empire had the reach necessary to conquer all of the islands at once.

"There is, however, one issue. The marriage itself," he uttered, holding my gaze. Jasmine stiffened, and I favored her with a glance.

I didn't love her, nor did she love me. Perhaps, one day, that could change. I hoped it did, just as it did for me and Astrid. I was fond of Jasmine. I found that I was coming to respect her talent for financial matters, and it was nice to speak of the histories of the world with her. But…

This match was one of politics. To secure an alliance that would benefit both of our peoples.

"It is against your customs to marry a woman to someone who is not of your faith," I nodded, having anticipated this discussion. However, the fact that it was happening at all meant that everyone here was either willing to ignore the issue or had a way around it, else these talks would be rather pointless.

"The easiest way would be for you to convert, but I don't find that particularly likely," Harun nodded.

"I couldn't even if I wished to. Too much of my support is tied to the belief that I am chosen by my gods, or descended from them. To renounce them would destroy everything that I have built," I replied. The very thought was unthinkable to me in the first place. I'd much sooner part with my head than my faith.

To that, Harun nodded, accepting that for the truth that it was. "I understand. What would be your suggestion, then?"

"That we would be wed by both your traditions and mine -- we will be man and wife in the eyes of Allah, and in the eyes of my gods," I said, glancing once more at Jasmine. She was rather quiet. Everything had already been discussed beforehand, so I knew that she was amenable to the idea. If she wasn't, then I wouldn't marry her in the first place, alliance or not.

She sat still, her expression impassive as she watched the conversation transpire. Her fate was being decided between the two of us on top of a monument of the ancient world. I couldn't tell if that was a good thing or not.

"That… would be the next best thing," Harun acknowledged. "But that would complicate your succession, would it not? In the eyes of my people, your marriage to my sister would be your valid marriage."

I nodded, "I would assume so, but the opinions of your people do not concern me." I admitted rather bluntly, and that got a twitch from Jasmine's lips. "Our realms are far divided, and any meddling your people could hope to have in my succession would be limited. I doubt that we shall ever share a true border with one another, unless you intend to conquer the Franks. As such, the entire point is moot as, in my people's eyes, all my marriages are valid and all my children true born."

Then I frowned, "As for the succession itself… my children with Jill and Morrigan are as deserving as my child with Astrid. So too would any children between Jasmine and I."

"That," Hadi spoke up, having simply watched the talks happen to this point, "Could be a dangerous road to tread."

He wasn't wrong. It was my own bias that was guiding me there. I was the youngest of my father's children, and half of my siblings were born of Ada, a concubine. By law, I came ahead of them in inheritance, but growing up… there had never been a divide between my siblings over who their mother was. Haldur, in particular, had soured me on the entire thing by usurping Halfdan's place as the head of the family, as he was the eldest.

But I also knew myself. I loved all of my children -- those that I had now, and those that I would sire in the future. I could not bring myself to deem any one of them lesser because of who their mother was.

"I am aware," I nodded. "But the one who shall succeed me as king will go to whichever of my children is most deserving. One who desires the crown and has the aptitude to keep it and rule well. It matters not if they are born of Astrid, Jill, Morrigan, or Jasmine. I care not if they are the oldest or youngest. My heir shall be who I believe deserves to be my heir."

I had no plans of dying any time soon, but what would happen after I did was a question I had put considerable thought into, largely because of my Legacy boons. My Dynasty would accrue more Legacy points the more thrones my descendants sat on. However, there truly was no perfect succession.

Dividing up conquered territories so that all of my children received a kingdom? Charlemagne proved what could happen there -- kinslaying to reunite the greater kingdom. The eldest inherits everything? The eldest could be unfit and unworthy, or worse, he is targeted so a younger son could inherit instead. Choosing the greatest of my children, or grandchildren potentially, felt like it was the best method.

Yet even then, I need look no further than Rome to see how that could end. Love made fools of kings, and an unworthy heir could be favored over one that was deserving. To that end, I knew I needed safeguards, but I had yet to decide what they would be. Largely because the oldest of my children was only two years old.

Harun appeared thoughtful for a long moment, looking down at his glass before stealing a glance at Jasmine. I suspected that her thoughts were as unreadable to him as they were to me, because he looked away. There were a lot of things that he'd like to say, I knew. I had questions of my own. "The dual marriage is agreeable -- in the eyes of Allah, you will be married, and that matters to me more than the politics of the arrangement. As for the politics… there is much anger among my people, as they believe their princess has been…"

He didn't finish, but his gaze grew sharp. "Politically, it can be spun as you… making an honest woman out of her." There was anger in his voice, which was contrasted by Jasmine letting out a near silent, yet amused, huff of her breath.

I understood the reasoning well enough. Fornication was frowned upon, but marriage always lessened the impact, even retroactively. "And the marriage itself?"

"It shall be a secret for the remainder of your time in the Mediterranean. It would complicate things significantly for us both if Irene learned that you are wed, and that we are allies." Harun said with a small nod. I accepted that, as it was what I was hoping for. "There will be a second, public ceremony before your departure."

"That is acceptable to me," I said, offering a nod. There were still particulars to hammer out -- the bride price and the dowry in particular, but the agreement was made. "Is there a time you would wish the first ceremony to take place?"

To that, Harun offered a cutting smile, "After the invasion of Hispania."

I couldn't quite swallow my laugh at that -- he was ensuring that I was committed to the course in exchange for him upholding his word. "Clever. That is acceptable to me as well."

"Then let us make a toast -- to unlikely friends," Harun said, holding his cup of juice up.

"To common enemies," I agreed, meeting the toast.

And like that, the fate of the Mediterranean was irrevocably changed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Andell, Eerrw and 753 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Moments of Peace New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,486
The alliance was struck, and it truly was a colossal weight off of my shoulders, I thought to myself as my ship sailed back into Norland's harbor. My departure and arrival were disguised as my visiting one of the outposts on Sicily, ensuring that my meeting with the Caliph would be known by only those that were there. There was some part of me that worried that the information would somehow reach Irene's ears all the same, but… it was simply a risk I had to take.

With the alliance made, the budding island kingdom I would leave in my wake had the potential to endure. To entrench itself. What I gained from completing an additional objective for the Lord of Tides Quest was almost secondary, despite it being something I had long sought after.

The third riddle that led to the final piece of what the gods deemed a legendary item.

As the ship drifted towards the docks, I looked down at the blade that lay across my lap. The rudimentary repairs stood in stark contrast to the dark gray steel as I tried to force the two broken pieces of the blade together. I had used the blade in battle a number of times, but it was a rare thing -- the repairs couldn't survive my strongest blows, especially now that I had grown into myself. I wasn't a strong boy any longer. I was a powerful man now, and the difference in strength was notable.

All attempts to further reforge the blade had failed. No matter how hot the flame, the metal would merely glow, but resist any sharpening done to it. The blade had a strange magic to it, and it was as if it was waiting for that final piece to become whole once more.

Given the nature of the Quest, a Grand Quest as I had taken to calling it, I received the additional reward despite the main objective not being completed yet.

Legendary Item Clue #3: An eternally blooming rose once gifted to a princess, grown from the corpse of a mighty dragon. The lesser most treasure in a sea of treasures, both overlooked and repurposed.

The hint was a strange one. So far, all of the hints had been strange, but they at least gave me a direction to go in, even if it wasn't clear at the time. This was pointing me to a specific treasure in a 'sea of treasures', but there were several places that sea of treasures could refer to. Did it mean the treasury of Constantinople? The Umayyads? The Abbasids? Or was the 'sea of treasures' something more metaphorical, as I would consider the Imperial Library to be filled with treasures and it certainly contained enough texts to be described as a sea of them.

To that end, the phrases 'rose grown from the corpse of a dragon' and 'given to a princess' felt like a more viable direction to focus my search. It sounded like quite the tale, though I had not heard of it. Both overlooked and repurposed… I didn't think that the treasure was hiding, per se. The wording made it sound as if those that possessed it had simply forgotten it's value and history, even as they used it.

I doubted they were using a rose as a weapon. A symbol, perhaps? A banner? Or it could be part of a statue. There were a number of possibilities, almost too many, which made me worried about actually finding this 'rose'. Not to mention I had no idea how a rose could repair my sword.

The thump of the longship hitting the dock roused me from my thoughts, and looking up I saw Jasmine watching, seated across from me. When our eyes met, she spoke, "So far, all of your marriages have been rather… unconventional. The only normal betrothal you've had is to Astrid, and you made her a princess in exchange. With Jill, you frollicked across Francia and Saxony after her father tried to kill you before marrying her. Morrigan… are you even married to Morrigan?"

I couldn't stop the snort that escaped me, "She'd tear out my throat with her teeth before I could finish bringing it up."

"That wouldn't surprise me. I can't imagine her accepting the role of a formal concubine either," Jasmine replied. "And now there is myself -- an Abbasid princess that you captured, held hostage, and then married for an alliance that will only take effect after you leave the Mediterranean Sea." That made it sound worse than it really was… mostly.

"Your point?" I asked, cocking an eyebrow as Jasmine's eyes narrowed ever so slightly, telling me that she now wore a slight smile behind her veil.

"You have a very complicated love life, Siegfried. I expect that it'll feature quite heavily in any story told about you -- a pagan king and champion married to three princesses, one of which is the daughter of his most hated enemy, and a witch." Jasmine narrated, sounding more amused than anything. To that, I didn't really have a rebuttal. Not when I already knew some such stories were already being sung. I had heard them myself.

Instead, I swallowed a sigh, "If it is any consolation, I suspect you will be the last wife that I shall take."

"What if you should need to make further alliances in your homeland?" Jasmine questioned, not revealing what she thought of the statement.

"Our children can be the bridge between our peoples, then. I would prefer it if they could marry for love, but they shall be Princes and Princesses of Denmark first and foremost." I would take what burden I could off their shoulders, but to take more wives would just be foolhardy on my part. In truth, even my official betrothal to Jasmine was questionable, but Harun wanted a direct tie to me rather than to my brother-in-law.

Jasmine held my gaze for a moment before she nodded, her eyes showing her hidden smile growing a fraction. I took that as a sign that she approved before I stood up and helped her get off the ship. Men and women gave way as Rajah stalked down the dock, and she chuckled, "I suppose Rajah shall act as my attendant, then. To ensure you don't try anything… improper."

With that, she walked away with Rajah giving me one last lingering look, as if the tiger was deciding which part would taste the best. I just shook my head, watching them go. She was teasing me, but her concerns were valid. Irene hadn't been kind to her reputation in a deliberate attempt to provoke the Abbasids. Something that worked against her now that she had switched paths, focusing on securing the northernmost border and tying the far reaching islands back to the throne.

In any case, I had no plans to act on any perceived freedoms with Jasmine. I was far too busy, even if I did have the desire.

Walking the streets of Norland, I was welcomed to familiar sights, and a few new ones. The rushed construction that had happened prior to the Great Debate had tapered off and settled in the months afterwards as the various projects were completed. In the aftermath, with the outposts that we were commanded to make, my company of engineers had proven their worth by beginning construction outside of their masters' watchful eye.

The feel of the budding city had changed since then. The Abbasid architects had left their mark on the city, and they possessed a style that I and my engineers found appealing. The result was Norland's architecture bearing an odd blending of Norse, Roman, and Arabic styles. I think it also helped soothe some of the people as well -- it made the foreigners to Crete, my people included, feel more at home.

That wasn't to say the issues were settled between the Christians, Muslims, Jews, and Norse, but it would seem that they had all learned to… honestly, even using the word tolerate felt like something of an exaggeration, but it was the closest to what they were doing that I could think of. The simmering anger had cooled as there wasn't any obvious reason for agitation. I didn't think for a moment that it would last, but for now, it was nice.

I was going to miss Norland, I mused, deciding on taking the long route to the Longhouse. It has served well as a test bed for many projects I had planned in the future -- for how I was going to remake Denmark after I assumed the throne. There had been plenty of mistakes made along the way of course. Some out of ignorance, others because the construction of the city has been rushed. Roads and houses that were made when the city possessed no more than five thousand people and were more than adequate to serve the needs of those people became bottlenecks when the population swelled to four times that number.

It wasn't the perfect city by any means. Nor was it perfectly governed. But, even in that, Norland was serving its purpose quite well.

"One more year," I mused quietly to myself. It wasn't as long as I had originally planned to stay in the Mediterranean. I had hoped for four or five years. But, at the rate things were going… Three years was enough to accomplish my goals. The money from the Umayyads would be enough to push the wealth threshold past the goal for the Found A City Quest. Completing the military power aspect would be accomplished as a by-product of Lord of the Tides.

The only real issue was the notable buildings. I had one in mind, but I was still uncertain how I would go about completing it, and that still left me with another notable building that I would have to begin and complete construction on in a year's time.

Perhaps it was that thought that led me to my prized possession. The Library that I had constructed -- it was up and running, the spire standing tall with a path leading to the debate hall that had seen more usage than I'd expected after the Great Debate. The large double doors swung open for me thanks to a thrall assigned to them, allowing me inside where I was immediately greeted with the scent of parchment and ink.

The scribes were working nonstop, some translating texts while others made copies. I had gotten a few remarks from Jill and Jasmine when they saw how much I spent on parchment, ink, and in paying the small army of scribes, but it was well worth it. I possessed a copy of nearly every text in the Imperial library twice over, and over the next year, I would possess copies of all the texts Harun had paid to me in a danegeld.

"Master Wolf-Kissed," a head scribe greeted me, bowing his head. "What topic can we interest you with today?" He asked as I walked past him, looking at the many shelves that were filled with books and scrolls.

"Fetch me anything that deals with the topic of dragons. The source doesn't matter," I answered, making him bow his head once more before the fleet of servants that maintained my library rushed to fulfill the order. Meanwhile, I climbed the stairs leading up to my favored reading room, which granted me a good view of the city and harbor.

There were other things I could be doing, but I wanted to deal with this hint first and foremost. Though, that was much easier said than done as dragons…

Dragons ruled supreme over whatever chosen territory they chose. The result made them the greatest foe to be found in many stories, to the point that it was impossible to tell apart the true dragonslayers, such as my namesake Siegfried who slew Fafnir, and those like myself, who had never seen a dragon but I'm sure I would hear a story about my slaying one nonetheless if I waited long enough at a tavern. It was a feat worthy of legend, and as such, many used that feat to legitimize themselves or boost their renown.

As such, there were many supposed dragonslayers in the pile of scrolls that steadily grew on a table before me. Most of the texts dealt with Romans throughout their empire's history who had either personally claimed to have slain a dragon, or were credited to have. Dozens. Hundreds, even. It was simply messy. Some… I could see a legendary figure such as Julius Caesar slaying a dragon, but I very much doubted that the Gaelic tribes in Gaul would have been able to tame one, like the scroll I read was implying.

Likewise, I also doubted that Darius the Third would have fled from Alexander the Great if he too had a dragon he could command.

Many were fanciful tales. Others felt like they could be true, but could just as likely not be. Then there were the very few that I could readily believe to have happened. The hours started to stretch on as I read, the sun shifting from the early morning to the late afternoon before I found something of interest.

"A Roman warrior of little renown slew a dragon, and from its corpse grew a single red rose. Gifting it to a noble woman, they fell in love and… hm," I muttered, looking at the rather short tale. It was less of a legend, and more of a snippet of a report. There were other texts that had supported the alleged dragonslaying, but more interestingly, the report was attached to a Christian tale of the Roman legionary slaying the dragon due to a blessing of God.

To me, it reeked of the Christian recontextualism that they were so fond of -- such as when they claimed that statues depicting Hera or Aphrodite were instead of the Virgin Mary. This felt much the same. They took a little known tale of a Roman legionary felling a dragon that had been terrorizing a village before gifting a rose to a woman he held dear in his heart, and made the whole story about God.

"I'm lucky," I realized, feeling like I had a more solid direction now. "If I hadn't decided to make a library…" If I hadn't made the decision to just copy everything, relevance or importance be damned, then I likely wouldn't have been able to get my hands on an ancient half-forgotten Roman report that could show me the way. My decisions had paid off with this alone.

"What makes you so lucky?" I heard Jill announce herself, climbing up the stairs. My mood immediately brightened when I saw her. As well as the baby that she carried in her arms. "Your son and I have both missed you."

Much like Ragnar, my second son possessed my fiery red hair, though he possessed her mother's striking bright blue eyes. He was swaddled in a cloth, having entered the world six months ago. With a slight smile, Jill handed me my son as she took a seat at the table.

"Hello, Magnus," I muttered quietly to the baby, cradling him to my chest. Magnus made a small noise at being handed around, his eyes cracking open for just a moment before going right back to sleep. "To answer your question, I found what I was looking for precisely because I hoarded these texts."

That got a small laugh from Jill, "I see! Well, if it was useful once, then I'm sure that justifies you spending more than a small kingdom's worth on this library."

"I'm going to ignore your tone, and just accept the words," I warned her, softly stroking Magnus' back. Ragnar grew too swiftly, I decided. I missed the days when I could just cradle him against me -- now, he was a boundless fount of energy who treated idleness as if it would kill him in any prolonged amount of time. And, for a child, an hour might as well be an eternity.

Jill just gave me a patient smile, "I'm sure. I've already spoken to Jasmine. The details of the alliance still need to be settled, but the hard part is over." She noted, watching us with a fond expression. More so when Magnus decided he wanted to get more comfortable and crawled up my shoulder before babbling in the direction of the window.

"All there is left is to focus on is the war with the Umayyads. After that…" I trailed off, patting my son's back and making sure he didn't make it over my shoulder. "Then we return home."

Jill's reaction was telling. There was an immediate relief as a tension bled out of her posture. "I'm glad to hear it," she admitted quietly. "Our stay here has been… trying. So many doors are closed to us because of our beliefs. It will be nice to be amongst our own people once again."

"Even with what comes with our return?" I asked her, giving her a gentle look.

"I have made my peace with it," Jill replied. "I thought I had before, back when we were in Saxony, but… in the time since, it's settled in. We are married. We have a beautiful son together. My father and brothers… I will weep for them once they pass, but I understand that this conflict is inevitable, and… entirely because of their choices." She said, and I reached out to give one of her hands a reassuring squeeze.

In the end, I had to prepare myself as well. The discussion I had with Otto still lingered in the back of my mind, and even a year later, I was no closer to a solid answer. But I knew I would be no closer to finding one even if I held off on my return for a decade. I would only find my answers when I was before them.

Jill seemed thankful for the reassurance, squeezing my hand in return. "As nice as it is to have a moment to ourselves, the rest of your family has been waiting for your return." She noted, and that fit a small smile out of me. "We held them off with a promise that you would be back for supper, but if you aren't there, I suspect Ragnar will go looking."

"He has an adventurer's spirit," I agreed with a grin.

"The cooks have prepared a picnic. He wants to eat down by the beach," Jill noted as we both got up, though I made no move to hand Magnus back. Our time apart had been short, but it was still too long by my account.

"Then let us indulge the future prince," I said, heading down the stairs after grabbing the promising scroll. I was determined to make the most of these early years. For as I had said to Jasmine, as prince and princess of a kingdom, they would one day have duties that they couldn't shirk. They would have to marry for alliances and to secure the future of the family. Just as I did, just as my brothers did, just as my sisters did.

So, let them experience as much carefree joy as they could before they had to undertake such burdens.

…

Jasmine wasn't wrong. I did have a rather unusual love life, and family. That much was proven as I sat under the shade of a tree, one of the few that could be found, as I gazed out into the ocean with a princess of Norway, a princess of the Abbasids, the daughter of my enemy and a princess in her own right, and a witch of the wilds. Together, with all of our children… and a tiger.

In my lap was the youngest of my daughters, Aífe, though only by minutes. Like all of her siblings she had inherited my red hair, but she had inherited her mother's golden eyes. Much like her twin, Scáthach, who was currently fearlessly crawling to Rajah, treating the tiger as an overgrown house cat. The twins were named for legendary figures from Morrigan's homeland.

Aífe was the sister of a legendary warrior woman known as Scáthach, who had been bestowed peerless talent, beauty, and a great destiny. Aífe, however, had been born to be a beautiful wife but threw away such a destiny. Through grit and determination, she matched her sister's talent and became a warrior that could only be compared to her sister. Yet, she was most famously remembered for being tricked by another legendary figure known as Cú Chulainn, the most famous student of her sister, and siring him a son that he later killed.

That had been a rather sour point for me, but as Morrigan had made clear -- we were not married, thus I had a say in my child's name, but not the final one.

Scáthach, the elder sister, was chosen by destiny by all accounts. A peerlessly talented warrior from the very moment that she first picked up the spear. A warrior queen that never once tasted defeat. Endlessly bold, supremely confident, and accepting of all challenges. Something she seemed to be getting a head start on as she grabbed a handful of fur, making Rajah look at her with Scáthach merely laughing in the face of the tiger's fangs.

"Foolish child -- you risk your own death," Morrigan chided. It spoke volumes at how we had all lost the fear of Rajah, knowing he wouldn't dare attack. I was uncertain what exactly Jasmine did, but she had truly turned the tiger into a domesticated house cat.

"Oh, Rajah wouldn't. He's well used to this by now," Jasmine said, scratching between the ears of her tiger while Scáthach roughly petted his flank. Rajah let out what suspiciously sounded like a groan before resting his head in her lap. "Between me and all the children in Norland, I'd say this is as much of a day for relaxation for him as it is for us."

"Is that what this is?" Astrid wondered, watching Ragnar play in the water with Alim. "It feels like it's been a long while since we had one of those. There's always something going on."

"Such is the nature of power," Morrigan remarked with a huff. I think she was a little annoyed at being brought out here, but hadn't been able to refuse Jill's invitation. "Once you have it, others shall seek it. Should you fail to use it, you'll find that it dissipates like fog in the morning."

"Yeah, yeah -- but it's still been a lot, you know?" Astrid groused, leaning against the tree. "Reforming the army and training recruits is a huge pain in the arse. You've been busy with the whole spy thing. Jill's been doing nothing but going to meetings day in and day out and…" She trailed off, glancing at Jasmine.

She smiled, "I have been busy being a captive."

Astrid snorted, "Sounds exhausting." She replied dryly. "Point is… this is nice."

I understood what she meant. We had been making preparations for the great raid for a year now. That meant smoothing out the command structure and the kinks that we had found with the signal system. It meant training new recruits to replenish not only our numbers, but for future recruitment as well. To that end, the untrained boys that had come to us were better than experienced warriors. Lastly was training our tactics and discipline, overseen by Olek personally.

Morrigan had built up an information network during this time, piggybacking off of the network that Michalis had revealed to us. All of it feeding us information through a web of merchants.

As for myself -- I planned an invasion, built up Norland, and learned what I could from the teachers of the past. None of us had been idle.

I hummed in agreement, watching as Ragnar found something of interest and carried it back to us with all haste. "Father! Father! Look what I found!" He said, holding up another seashell.

"A fine treasure, Ragnar. It shall go into the pile," I declared, taking the seashell from him. There was a sizable pile building up next to me as it was the tenth he had found that met his inconsistent but particular standards. His face lit up in a boyish grin before he scampered off, rushing back to the shore to find more treasures.

Astrid dropped her head onto my shoulder, and I didn't need my expanded vision to know that she was smiling at the sight. I brushed a thumb over the groves of the seashell as I watched my first born son, the waves threatening to topple him every time but he remained standing with sheer determination.

I-

I paused, freezing in thought for just a moment. The waves moved in a constant ceaseless motion, advancing and retreating. The grooves on the seashell…

All the pieces were already there, I realized as a small crooked grin tugged at my lips. It didn't go unnoticed by the others as Jill cast me a glance, "I know that look, Siegfried. What is it?"

Steam was too costly and inefficient. So, why not use water instead? An aqueduct to carry the water, some kind of lever… or wheel to catch the water, using its weight to turn a room that was on a number of balls that were within a set groove. The water wheel would turn, it would be connected to the axel that would turn the dining room. It was simple. And, with it, I would have my fourth notable building.

I just chuckled, dropping the seashell into the pile.

"Something to do tomorrow."

…

At long last, we have hit chapter 100 and this chapter feels like the perfect chapter to hit this milestone with. Sieg's family has grown a little larger, and he gets to kick his feet up to relax a little. It also feels like the perfect time to make the announcement that we're almost done with the Byzantine arc -- it went on longer than I expected, but we have around 5-10 chapters left before we head back to Scandinavia.

I've gotten a couple of questions about the length of the story and how much we have left -- and to that, I say we still have a ways to go. I didn't know how long of a story Legends Never Die was going to be when I first started it, but I knew it was going to be a long one. So, to that end, know that LND won't end when we go back to Denmark. I have plans beyond it. As by the time Sieg returns, the Viking Age shall begin.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 776 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 4, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Maverick New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,523
I found the Balearic Islands quite beautiful. They were beautiful in the same way Crete was, though unlike Crete, there was significantly more greenery: trees, grass, and shrubbery… combined with the mountainous terrain, which featured steep, sheer white cliff sides, soft sand beaches, and shallow harbors boasting brilliant blue waters…

It felt like the gods were tempting me at times. Tempting me to stay in this land, to leave my quest for vengeance behind. I could do it. The alliance with the Abbasid was all but official. I could rule over these islands. I could build cities upon them, enriched from the spoils taken from Francia's underbelly. My homeland had its own beauty, but this place…

It was easy to live here. There were no snows that left you trapped in your own home for months on end. The soil wasn't poor and littered with stones. The sea didn't freeze. It would be simple to just stay and bask in all that I have built. It would be an easier life for my children. I'm sure this land had its own thorns, but… they were irrelevant. My destiny lay in Denmark.

However, that was the future. As of right now, I had far closer concerns.

"What in the names of the gods is that man doing?" I asked myself, gazing out at the sea as the tide lapped at my boots. I couldn't see the man in question, but I knew what he was doing. "I can't tell if this is the masterstroke of a genius or the dumbest shit I've ever seen. And I grew up with seven older brothers."

To the side of me, Thorkell let out a bark of laughter. "I think that'll only be answered if the gambit succeeds or fails."

When I spoke of the plan to deal with the Umayyad's fleet, I had put forth that there were two real paths that the enemy commander could take -- condense their forces, or spread them out. Each path had its own strengths and weaknesses, but I concluded that condensing the fleet was the better path. It would leave the coastal cities open to me, but I wasn't really the threat that the Umayyads had to be concerned about. That was the Abbasids that would be sailing to Hispania, and the massive fleet, however dubious the quality of its ships, was their one true way to dissuade an attack until the Franks were dealt with.

The Umayyad commander thought differently than I, and found a third path.

Going on the offensive.

"When can we expect them?" I asked Thorkell, as he had delivered the news. I scratched at my cheek, knowing that nearly a hundred miles beyond the sea, the Umayyads had gathered their strength in a city called Valencia. Over a thousand ships, though a significant portion of them were repurposed fishing and merchant vessels. Their positioning was just off the nearest island that we chose to land on, as it offered the shortest trip to Hispania's coastline.

Our arrival had been anticipated, and that is what made me cautious. Our intentions to raid the Umayyads weren't strictly a secret. Caliph Harun knew. I had informed Irene of my intentions and, as my mercenary contract stipulated that I was to fight her enemies in a time of peace, I had free reign to attack who I liked. Though, I imagine she would have preferred I raided foes closer to home. Lastly, Charlemagne knew I was going to raid as I sent an agreement to him prior.

I expected that the Umayyads had spies in various courts, as well as inside Norland itself. They likely learned of my intentions there. However, that didn't explain how they had reacted so… prudently. Maneuvering a fleet of a thousand ships was no trifling matter, so they had to have started moving into position before we had even set sail. Meaning that the commander had to have seen through my plan and for some reason that I struggled to fathom, he was going on the offensive.

"They're staying together, so I expect we'll see them by noon," Thorkell answered, and I frowned. Taking the offensive put me in an awkward spot. They had enough ships to blockade whatever island we stayed on, but that was only if they focused on us. I was confident that we could break out of the blockade, but against such numbers, it would be messy.

"Have Hoffer take our longships to greet them. He'll harass them on their approach and keep a portion out of the noose the commander is trying to slip around our necks," I instructed. "Meanwhile, fortify the village. I don't expect them to attack it, but I didn't expect them to attack us in the first place."

"And our other ships?" Thorkell questioned as we had taken a number of Abbasid warships with us. They were significantly slower than our longships, but they didn't have the weakness that our longships had -- they sat higher in the water. Attacking elevated ships from a lower position gave the defenders a dangerous advantage. Thus, it was decided that our longships would be used to harass the enemy, while the warships would be how we fought them.

"Use them as bait," I decided, having no real attachment to them. "If we lose them, then the ships we take from the Umayyads will more than make up for it."

"I like the sound of it. By your leave, then," Thorkell said, leaving me alone on the shore as I continued to gaze out at Hispania. I could feel it in my gut that somewhere in that land was the rose that I sought. The final piece of the puzzle that would allow me to reforge the blade at my hip.

A thousand ships or not, they wouldn't get in my way, and I wouldn't stop plundering the nation until I found it.

…

Hoffer sailed out with twenty ships, greeting the Umayyads with arrows. Sadly, Tatzates hadn't secured the recipe for Greek Fire as of yet, though he did assure me he was close. I wasn't sure if I believed him, so I had steadily increased the pressure to help motivate him. Though, even if I did have it, I couldn't have used it here. Not without inviting questions from Irene. Ideally, she'd only learn that I had Greek Fire when she heard tales of it when I was back in Denmark.

Meanwhile, the rest of my army secured our position. And it was a sight to behold.

A year was enough time to turn boys and girls into men and women. To turn green novices into experienced warriors. My army had undergone significant changes in preparation for this attack as well as to compensate for the lack of expected veteran warriors. The core of my army was still the three thousand veterans that had first sailed with me. Who had won their arms and armor in Norway, then in Greece, and then in Crete.

Our numbers were bolstered by mercenaries that flocked to my banner in the aftermath of Ravenfeast, bringing us to five thousand. I only took those who had met my expectations and standards, which were precious few in comparison to the number of those who wished to join me. However, in the past year, another change had been implemented.

Just as I trained the young of my people, I started to accept the young orphans of both Roman and Abbasid descent. The decision was made after a remark from Jasmine, who had in turn heard the remark from Otto about the hardships orphans faced. The lack of kin not only made surviving childhood difficult, but it greatly reduced the possibilities a child might otherwise have. Often times it wasn't enough to have talent for a trade -- it required connections to earn such an apprenticeship.

We began to take them in, guiding them and training them along our own path. I expected the majority to stay behind, and it was they that I hoped would become the core of Hoffer's army.

The results spoke for themselves as my army swelled to ten thousand strong. Of the five thousand recruits we possessed, only a thousand had earned their arms and armor, but it was during this campaign that the rest hoped to become full members of the mercenary company.

Now, as they fortified the village that we commandeered, I saw their training in action. They chopped down trees, dug trenches, stacked rocks, or littered them over a field to make walking in a formation difficult. Within hours, overseen and directed by my team of engineers, the village became a small fort with a palisade. It was exactly what I had envisioned when I sought to replicate the ability of Roman engineers, who were as much the reason for so many Roman victories as their armies were.

The work was completed just as the Umayyad ships arrived on the horizon. My longships did their job well, harrying them with arrows and javelins but never drifting too close. Yet, it was as they began to near the island that I realized something was afoot.

"... what is that man doing?" I repeated, watching as the Umayyads fleet fan out, yet still sail directly for us. Towards the island.

"Looks like they're going to disembark," Athrun said, gazing out at the mass of ships. He didn't need his sharp vision to see that much. I could see that much.

The news was no less bewildering to hear it from someone else. "... Here?" I stressed, looking at the beach before the fort. Which was inhabited by my army. Who could, quite easily, contest any landing. Not to mention that the beach front was hardly large enough to land a thousand ships at once. Being exceptionally generous, it could land perhaps two hundred.

There were two other landing points nearby that could handle the level of disembarkment that the Umayyads were trying to accomplish for some inane reason. One of which I had placed my warships to bait them into dividing their attention to seize them. Only they weren't trying to land nearby. They were trying to land on every single beachfront on the island.

Assuming that every ship had as little as ten men, then we faced a force of ten thousand. Assuming there were as many as a hundred, then we faced a force of a hundred thousand strong. Both estimations were opposite extremes, so I would assume that it was somewhere in the middle. Which still put their numbers in the tens of thousands.

"This is…" I trailed off, not even sure what to make of it. It was the stupidest thing I had ever seen. Bar none. Yet, it was so stupid that it might have looped around to being brilliant. "They intend to crush us with sheer numbers."

No grand strategy. No thoughts. Just shoving thousands of men in our direction until we grew exhausted killing them all. It was nothing less than horrific simplicity. And I still couldn't tell if the commander was a genius or an idiot.

Because he had effectively tied my hands. I had to contest the landings. Even if they were just fishermen and farmers, assuming my estimation was in the middle, that was still fifty thousand men bearing down on us. If I didn't stop them from landing, then we would get overwhelmed. By forcing me to garrison every landing point, I would spread my forces thin. Too thin. No hope of reinforcements or rest.

Yet, if I didn't, I would be allowing a significantly larger force to land where they would then overwhelm us. Even assuming victory, I would take unacceptable losses that would kill any thought of further raiding in the cradle. I had to stop them from landing.

Or… did I?

"We feint," I decided, watching as the Umayyads sent a veritable wave of fishing vessels directly towards us. Intent on tying us down first and foremost while the rest of the fleet started to sail inward.

"Meaning?" Athrun questioned and I smiled.

"We don't fight them at all," I said, deciding to kill the plan. I began to give out orders with an arrow with a burning rag tied to it was shot in the direction of Hoffer. He would know what it meant, even if he didn't understand why. His ships broke off, retreating to another one of the islands while the Umayyad noose closed in.

The fishing ships arrived first, and in them were well-equipped men. Career soldiers. They deftly disembarked as fast as they possibly could, even under the hail of arrows. There were hundreds of them. And their lives were utterly thrown away either in a pathetic waste or a clever tactic to delay us. To keep us tied up.

The act of disembarking wasn't a simple one. As part of the training, my men had practiced the maneuver because an army was vulnerable in the time between they were on ships and on ground. But, even with rigorous training, disembarking ten thousand men took no less than five hours. And that was a speed that even Olek was satisfied with. To disembark with a thousand ships? With men that weren't truly trained?

It was a mess. An absolute slog. It was disorganized chaos of the highest order.

And, it was then that we did the last thing that the Umayyads expected.

We left.

We boarded the warships and left the island behind, heading to its neighbor -- the much larger island some fifty miles away. All under the cover of darkness, simply vanishing into the night. The Umayyads were unaware at first. Then when they were aware, they assumed we retreated inland in preparation for a battle. The whole mess was so disastrous that it took them three days to form up into a cohesive army that scoured the land for any sign of us.

It was then that we revealed ourselves, pouncing where they were weakest.

Their ships. They were hardly unguarded, of course. They just weren't prepared for an all-out assault on their rear when they thought their enemy was before them. The result was us stealing a significant portion of their fleet, burning what we couldn't take with us, and simply bringing it all back to a town called Palma.

Effectively leaving what turned out to be thirty thousand men stranded on an island. A better army would have been able to survive such a development, but the army amassed was hardly one in the first place. When they learned that they were stranded, they collapsed. Some tried swimming back to the mainland or to Palma, but given the number of bodies that washed up on the shore, few made the trip.

The vast majority, however, simply dissolved as an army. When we sailed by them to check what happened, I found entirely new villages dotting the shoreline. They called out to us, asking for a trip to Palma or the mainland or for food, nails, and timber. And, when we obliged, I found that the entire affair amounted to moving thirty thousand people to an island that many were content to stay on on the condition that they brought their families.

No surrender was given. None was asked for. The ones responsible for the whole mess had apparently drowned trying to swim back to Hispania. Leaving me with a densely populated island, a grand fleet of over a thousand ships, and a coastline that was almost entirely undefended.

And I still had no idea if I had defeated an excellent tactician who thought well outside the box or a bumbling idiot who genuinely had absolutely no idea what he was doing.

Yet, whether he was a fool or a genius, the only one to come closer to defeating me was Roland on the field of battle. So, I would remember the unnamed commander for that, if nothing else.

…

Regardless of the tactical decision's merits, the aftermath revealed it to be a blunder of the highest order. The Umayyads' coastline was left exposed well beyond my earliest expectations. I had expected it to take time to chip away at their fleet in a series of battles and ambushes, the entire process taking at least a month. Instead, the fleet was dealt with in about three days with the mainland completely ignorant of the disaster they suffered.

So, I painstakingly informed them.

Hispania's coastline was savaged in a way that I had difficulties describing. We pounced upon it like wolves that found their way into a chicken coop, plundering and marauding endlessly. I maintained the strict discipline that I had imposed since coming to these lands -- no rape. Those who surrendered went unharmed. Every piece of loot taken was put into a single spot with shares given out. In comparison to what it could have been, our rampaging was relatively bloodless. How we ravaged the coastline was that we made the Umyyads bleed silver and gold in such volume it was as if we had severed an artery.

Barcelona was the first city that fell to us. An ancient city by any stretch of the imagination, it was plundered for everything that it was worth -- spices, textiles, pottery, dyes, foodstuffs, and more. Everything that had value was loaded onto our ships that were forced to make no less than six trips back and forth to Palma. If my soldiers were disappointed that there was no true battle with the Umyyads, then the spoils more than made up for it.

With Barcelona alone, the raid was successful. Yet, Barcelona was merely the beginning.

Tarragona was next, and it was then that it started to dawn upon me the sheer magnitude of the prize that was before me. I knew that Hispania was a rich region. Exceptionally so. I knew it, but I didn't understand. At least not until the city was taken virtually without a fight. It was there that I found silver that didn't measure in the hundreds of pounds, but the thousands. Mines from the surrounding areas flowed to the city on the coast, likely stockpiled to pay the wages of soldiers.

The city was plundered over the course of days as we seized everything of worth, particularly silversmiths and other artisans. They were all offered the same arrangement as the craftsmen taken from the Abbasids: enslavement and freedom upon passing on their techniques and knowledge to students.

After Tarragona, the raid was not only a success but one so great that it was worthy of a Runestone. A tale that fathers would pass on to their descendants of how they took part in a great raid, and one day, their grandchildren would tell the story to their grandchildren with pride. With how the shares were divided, every warrior in my army could retire after purchasing a plot of land to spend the rest of their life tilling.

Yet, we did not stop at Tarragona.

Valencia fell to us next. Followed by the town of Albacete up a river called Jucar. The former was every bit as rich as Tarragona had been, with protests starting to come from Palma, saying that they were running out of room to store all of the treasures taken. So, we began to break down the cities themselves to send them building supplies, using the stolen ships to great effect until there was almost a land bridge of ships flowing to and from the outpost.

Alacant fell next, followed by Murcia, which was up the Segura river. It was at that point we were compelled to expand the type of thralls that we took, including general laborers to man the ships and haul the boundless treasures. In a matter of weeks, Palma went from being a modest town to a budding city.

When we arrived at the city of Cartagena, we saw Abd al-Rahman's first response. Word spread of our arrival and our exploits, leaving villages fleeing from us while the bare-bones garrison forces made to head us off. But after a decisive victory on the field against a smaller and ill-equipped army, we were left unopposed in the depths of his kingdom.

It was then that he made a choice. A ruthless decision that he had to make, simply because the Umayyad Caliph had no good choices to pick from. He could divide his army and march south in the hopes of cutting me off… or he could maintain his strength in the north and prepare for Charlemagne's assault. After a messenger tried to pay me off to simply leave his lands, an offer I rejected simply because unless he gave me the kingdom itself, he couldn't protect it from me… he made his decision.

Abd al-Rahman decided to stay in the north, leaving the south to be ravaged in the hopes that after he defeated Charlemagne, he could sweep down and defend it. The loss of wealth, skilled craftsmen, and able administrators would be painful. Recovery would be long. And, in all likelihood, the Caliphate would be hobbled for a generation before they could hope to recover. Yet, even that was a better fate than being conquered, if only barely.

The end result was that Almeria, Malaga, and Marabella all swiftly fell to me in rapid succession. All the while, I used the rivers of Hispania to great avail, plundering the inner landmass and the river-based villages and towns. Over the course of two and a half months, the Great Raid of Hispania, as some had taken to calling it, reached Algeciras, and more importantly, the only true opening to the Mediterranean Sea.

The Gibraltar Straight.

Beyond it, I knew, lay the great sea. An endless ocean that was undoubtedly the sea that Jormungand dwelled beneath. Some part of it called out to me, compelling me to set sail merely to see what lay beyond the horizon. Perhaps in another life I might have done exactly that, but my interests didn't lay in that direction.

My interests lay northward.

…

"If they're going to mount any kind of significant defense, it's going to be at Cordoba," I voiced on top of a horse as my army marched forward. "It's their capital," I said, watching as my army marched inland. Away from the coast and the rivers. "Though, the bulk of their forces lay at the Pyrenees mountains."

Abd al-Rahman had been scraping the barrel with the fleet. There were still plenty of people in Hispania, but you could only mobilize so many of the menfolk before you encountered difficulties like having no one to sow the fields, reap the harvest or to perform the various other tasks necessary for a kingdom to function.

"Feel comfortable betting it all on that?" Thorkell asked me as we marched with my army. My scouts looked far and wide for any sign of resistance while my men marched in a long column. Our ships remained in Algeciras with a small garrison. Enough to safeguard them, but not enough to diminish our strength overly much. "We have a hundred times the point of having enough. Raids work best when you're hitting them fast and getting out faster."

I knew that. Perhaps it was simply greed. The flower was somewhere in this kingdom, but in the two months we raided, every lead I had pursued turned out to be false. Risking a march inland would be less of a raid and more of an invasion. It wasn't even that I was softening up the south for the Abbasid invasion that was just now starting to mobilize - I would be doing it myself.

"Aye, we do," I admitted. I had plundered enough from the Umayyads that I could build new cities on the Balearic Islands if I felt like it. Enough silver and gold that I could probably just buy a kingdom. "But this is a rare opportunity. Our time in the Mediterranean nears its end. The cities of this kingdom are undefended, and any spoils that we take are spoils that shall be denied Charlemagne."

"I'm not arguing that it's a solid idea. I'm asking if it's worth the risk," Thorkell repeated, and to that…

"I suppose it depends on if I find what I'm looking for," I admitted. To that, Thorkell shrugged, accepting the answer and trusting that I knew what I was doing. And given the success so far, I had more than earned that trust.

Our march was quick, though not nearly as fast as it had been with our ships. The Umayyads provided our baggage train, and the food we stole sustained us as we marched inland. Each day, we made camp and built a fortification to dwell in, and each time we did it, the process became a little easier, a little smoother.

Despite my confidence, I did expect some degree of resistance as we made our way to the capital, but it never manifested. At least not in any meaningful way. There was the occasional skirmish with our scouts, but those were with independent actors who were motivated out of fear for their villages rather than any united army. In a way, it was almost a disappointment when we arrived at Cordoba, spying the city in the distance. Less than a day's march away.

There was no army to bar our way. There was, however, a messenger.

"I greet you in the glorious name of Hisham Al-Reda ibn Abd ar-Rahman," the messenger announced, seated upon a horse as he attempted to keep fear off of his face. "Heir to the Caliphate! In his name, he invites you to negotiate terms of peace between our peoples."

Hisham, the heir to the throne but a fully grown man in his own right. I knew less of him than I did his father. "Is that so?"

The messenger's horse shifted as the man tensed. "It is true. His eminence has invited you to the royal palace, along with a contingent of guards. He also offers his son Abu al-As al-Hakam, as a hostage, should you doubt his word."

I did more than just doubt his word. I had rampaged across his father's kingdom, paved the way for an invasion… I would be genuinely shocked if the man wasn't willing to accept the death of his son merely to kill me in an act of vengeance.

"The offer is welcomed, but I am afraid I cannot accept an invitation to the royal palace," I said, and the refusal didn't seem to surprise the messenger. "However, I am open to meeting the esteemed Hisham Al-Reda upon a neutral ground outside of the city. I shall leave my army where it is, ten miles from Cordoba, as a gesture of good faith." I said, placing a hand upon my arm ring as I made the oath, but I doubt he understood the gesture.

The messenger nodded his head, taking my answer to Cordoba.

"What's the point?" Thorkell asked me as we watched him go.

"I want to see what they have to say," I admitted. I had already refused one danegeld already. I doubted they could offer me more than I could take from them if I truly wished it. However, I did have an inkling what exactly they wished to talk to me about beyond begging me to stop raiding their cities.

The answer came swiftly -- Hisham agreed to meet five miles outside of the city, dead in the center, to return the gesture of good faith. A pavilion was swiftly erected, servants in attendance, and a contingent of guards kept at a polite distance away. Given that the location was set in the middle of a field, with no obstructions in any direction, the act told me that Hisham was cautious but eager to negotiate.

I decided to respond in kind, wearing clothing instead of armor with only my sword at my belt. A contingent of fifty warriors followed me to the negotiation.

It was there that I met Hisham, a man in his late twenties to early thirties. He had dark skin and a bushy beard, but he wore rather simple clothing. He almost seemed out of place when he was flanked by two others wearing yards of silk and jewels.

Hisham: Patient. Calm. Kind.​

His traits marked him as someone trustworthy, though True Vision marked him as an enemy. That I was willing to accept in good faith. If someone had done to me as I had done to his kingdom, I'd hate them too. There was an anger lurking in his eyes, but it was restrained.

"Lord Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed. Your reputation is well deserved," Hisham greeted me as I took a seat on an offered chair. His voice was without warmth. "What you have done… I suppose it is an accomplishment."

"You do not have to force yourself, Prince Hisham," I told him. "I am well aware of what I have done. Don't force yourself to offer platitudes we both know you don't mean."

To that, Hisham held my gaze for a moment before he inclined his head to me. "Then I shall speak plainly," he said, snapping a finger. In response, slaves began to march forward, working in teams to carry heavy chests to the center of the pavilion. Then, without a word, they began to dump the contents upon the colorful rug.

Gold and silver began to spill out, joined together with precious jewels -- rubies, sapphires, emeralds, and diamonds. They came in the form of coins, candlesticks, artifacts, and more. Then, as soon as the first chest was empty, a second chest was dumped. Then a third. A fourth. A fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth. The servants only stopped coming after the tenth chest was dumped out, creating a pile of treasure. A hoard worthy of a king.

There was a time when I would have been awed by the sight -- dumbfounded. My jaw would have gone slack, and I would have been left staring at the treasure with naked disbelief.

Instead, I merely raised an eyebrow in Hisham's direction, silently asking for an explanation.

He obliged me, "Cease your invasion, Lord Siegfried. Do so, and you shall receive a hundred mules, each laden with a chest filled just as you witnessed now. They shall be sent to you in Algeciras, where you shall remain until their arrival. Upon receiving the sum, you shall leave our lands and never return. So I shall have you swear to your gods and to Allah."

I gazed down at the pile of treasure. All of it the finest quality. It had spread out a bit, but sitting down, it came up to my chest. A hundred more of that…

What an outrageously wealthy kingdom. It honestly was bewildering that they had so much wealth still left over because I could tell he was being honest. It clued me into what the prince had done. While I had raided his eastern and southern coast, he drew from his western and northern provinces. Likely securing enough wealth to pay me off, or failing that, an army.

I could see his plan: He would stop me with the negotiations, allowing him enough time to muster up another army to drive me off if needed. But paying me off was the preferred method since they were very much aware of their predicament and had no interest in adding my name to their list of enemies.

I stood up, making the guards still, their hands going to their weapons. I ignored them as Hisham held them at bay with a gesture, watching me like a vicious snake. Taking a step forward, the gold, silver, and jewels shifted underfoot as I climbed to the top of the pile. There was a heavy silence as they watched me brush it aside, but I could sense their ill-disguised disgust. They thought I was mocking them.

I was looking for something. I tossed aside precious gemstones, tales of gold and silver, even crowns and jelwery. They didn't hold my interest. What did, however, was a book. It was near the bottom of the pile as I caught sight of it during the second chest. It was thick and heavy, likely only added as it was covered in gold and gemstones. Undoing the golden gilded latch, I flipped the tome open to find something between the pages.

A pressed rose. It shone gold to True Vision, and a wide smile spread across my face. "What a treasure you have given me," I said, running a finger over the rose. It was pressed down, flattened for I could only guess how long, yet the stem remained a vibrant green, and the pedals a brilliant red. Even before my very eyes, it seemed to recover from being a forgotten bookmark. "What a treasure indeed!"

Hisham seemed genuinely perplexed that even as I stood upon a hoard of gold, silver, and gemstones, the only thing that had my attention was a dusty old book. "Do we have an agreement?"

"I shall accept your terms for peace," I agreed readily, already having what I wanted. A hundred chests of treasure was just an added bonus. I looked down at Hisham, in a genuine good mood and an unconquerable smile upon my face. "Now… shall we discuss the price to hire my services?"

Hisham's expression revealed a naked need, and I almost felt bad for the man, especially since I didn't intend to sell my army to him to use against the enemy he wished to wield it against.

In the end, I had upheld my end of the bargain. I raided throughout the Umayyad Caliphate. And now I intend to return to my homeland by this time next year. Any leverage that Charlemagne had upon me had vanished like smoke in the wind.

It was time that the Frankish King learned he could not make demands of me.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 819 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 11, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Audacity New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#5,581
The treasury of the Umayyads was a thing that bordered on absurdity. I had seen the obscene wealth on display in Constantinople, and Norland was a rich and prosperous port, rapidly becoming one of the most important in the Mediterranean, so I was no stranger to wealth by this point. Yet, there was something that just inspired an instinctual awe in the sight of a hoard built from dozens of cities rivaling Norland sending funds to a treasury that was guided by able administrators and a wise king.

When faced with the prospect of averting a disastrous ending for their nation, Hisham was convinced to open the treasury in full. He argued fiercely that I should be directed to the South to deal with Hadi and the invasion force that he headed. The sums that were offered grew to the point that they were unbelievable in the truest sense of the word. His attitude swiftly changed when I reminded him that I had defeated Charlemagne on the field before.

Neglecting to mention that I had been a glorified distraction and not in charge of the army at that time.

It wasn't what the prince wanted, but it only increased his father's odds of winning against Charlemagne's invasion force. A force that was fifty thousand strong that came with the intent to conquer. The price negotiated reflected that fact.

15,000 talents in gold and silver. Half delivered with a hundred mules laden with treasure, with the other half promised upon my arrival on the battlefield, granted to me by the Caliph himself, the Caliph having taken such a bounty with him to the battlefield in the hopes that he could pay Charlemagne off.

I didn't even know how much wealth that we had already procured, but with the peace treaty and contract alone, we had claimed no less than 10,000 talents of gold and silver. Likely closer to 11,000 or 12,000. A sum that outstripped the treaty that King Widukind had forced upon Charlemagne, and it was only with the benefit of hindsight that I realized how badly Charlemagne had cheated him. The peace could have cost five times as much and Charlemagne likely could have still afforded it.

That, however, didn't even start to factor in the wealth taken from the near dozen cities we had sacked and plundered. Precious metals and jewels, silks, spices, and crafted goods -- the list was nearly endless. Odds were, it'd be months before I got even a rough figure of just how rich I was.

Yet, I found that I hardly cared as we returned to Palmar as conquering heroes. I'd had to sack a dozen cities, but I found it.

The rose that bloomed from the corpse of a dragon. The very last piece I needed to reforge the sword at my hip. Despite being tucked away in a book for what was likely years, decades possibly, and being no less than several hundred years old, the rose looked as if it had just been plucked from a bush. The dark red petals unfurled, the stem a dark green while the thorns were wicked sharp.

It was, without a doubt, the single greatest treasure I had ever received.

So, almost the very moment our ships returned to Palmar, I went to the longhouse that had been constructed. Palmar was unrecognizable after these short few months, the population of the once very modest town had effectively tripled. But, we were well used to rapidly developing cities, so its expansion was structured and prepared. None of it interested me as the city celebrated our arrival with even more treasures taken.

The Palmar longhouse was more of a library in function, mostly because I had counted books and texts as part of the treasures to be taken from the Umayyads. Along with their guardians to help sort them. But, not even they could interest me.

I moved with a fervor of a man possessed, ordering the construction of a smithy near the longhouse that was soon completed. And, it was there that I summoned every single bladesmith that I had in my army, taken as a thrall, or otherwise recruited. They arrived shortly, the urgency of the summons having been impressed upon them and it was there that I unsheathed my sword.

"I am a skilled blacksmith in my own right, as I'm sure many of you know," I began, looking at the two dozen faces. Some were familiar. Others less so. So easily were men I haven't ever met before, including one woman. "However, this blade has confounded me," I continued, standing in the center of the large smithy. A roaring furnace, a bed of coals, and tools for the trade.

To prove my point, I grabbed hold of the blade and brought it down upon my knee. The thin metal sheathing I had covered the blade in tore, revealing the true blade beneath. That earned their interest, even those that had to rely on translators. Freeing the true blade entirely, I held both pieces aloft. "This was the extent of my abilities. I failed to get the metal hot enough that I could reforge the blade. That is no longer true. Yet, I find that I lack the skill to restore the blade as it should be. That is where you come in."

My gaze swept over the bladesmiths, and despite what their myriad circumstances might be, I could tell that they all wanted to be chosen for the task. All of them were dedicated smiths who gave themselves to the trade. They were amongst the best, which was why I had many of them captured.

"But first, you will prove to me that you have the skill necessary to forge this blade anew," I said, gesturing to the forge around me. "You each have one day to create for me a knife that will be tested viciously. All materials shall be provided to you, and should you need anything else, then merely ask and you will receive it."

It was then that one if the bladesmiths held up a callused hand, "Shall the victor forge the blade, then?"

I smiled, "No. He shall, however, receive ten talents of silver." A large sum enough for a man to retire on if he lived modestly. "After that, you shall be broken up into teams of three and each tasked with designing a blade to be tested against the others in a series of trials in a week's time. The victorious team shall receive twenty talents of silver. Each. The trials will be repeated once more, with two teams of six, where each shall design a blade. The reward for the victorious team shall receive fifty talents of silver. Each."

It was as much of a competition as it was a collaborative effort. Each would bring their own unique talents and skills, showing their virtues and demerits. The money would motivate them to do their best while those that won many prizes were the ones that I would have my eye on. "Throughout the process, you will be watched and judged, your skills measured, and your attitude considered. Even should you not win a single prize, you could be chosen to help design and forge what this blade becomes. For those chosen, I shall offer a boon of your choice that I shall grant if it is within my ability to."

The words took a few seconds to settle in and I saw a fierce competitive spirit enter their eyes. They understood. So, I stepped out of their way and let them get to work. Before long, there were fights over the forges and tools, their passions burning bright as did their hopes for the rewards.

I left them to it -- part of me wanted to join them, but in the end, I wasn't an exceptionally skilled blacksmith. I simply couldn't dedicate enough of myself to the trade to be called a master. Each of them had years, if not decades, of experience to draw from. And that's precisely what I wanted. Norland had taught me the strengths of blending styles together. This whole trip to Rome had taught me to learn from the merits of other cultures.

The now broken blade in my hands would be a manifestation of that. Taking the best of Norse, Arabic, and Roman craftsmanship and putting it all into one sword worthy of a king.

Naturally, the end result would be a source of inspiration. A new and better way to forge steel.

With the whole project firmly underway, I felt far more comfortable with the state of things as I prepared the army for Charlemagne's invasion. Which would be underway in a month's time, invading at the start of the campaigning season.

The first day marked a woman as the victor of the knife making contest. The second contest saw a team of Abbasid and Norsemen winning. The third was where the two teams were jumbled up, each refining the blades. Certain markers became more consistent as they readily agreed on aspects of the blade and feedback in response to the tests.

The blades were used to hack wood, flesh, bone, and even used against other blades. They were beaten against armor, stabbed into chainmail, and used on live animals. Techniques to harden the blade were a must, though not without sacrificing flexibility. Little by little, they both learned from their defeats as much as they did from their victories.

It was on the very last day before we were to set sail to Hispania once more, the three chosen smiths that I had picked -- a Roman woman named Anastasia, a Norse blacksmith named Olaf, and an Abbasid smith named Malik -- approached me. They bowed their heads, and presented the third design. The first two, I had rejected.

When I compared the design to the broken blade, I felt What Lurks Within stir. The ancient blade had found its chosen form and I wasn't going to deny it.

"Then let us begin," I said, accepting the design where we then returned to the forge. It was heated, but it was only when I plucked a single petal from the flower, dropping it into the flames, that they grew hot enough. The heat swelled dramatically until the point that I had trouble standing near the forge, feeling as if the heat would set me alight.

It was then that I dropped the broken blade into the inferno. The hilt melted away in the flames, leaving behind only the metal that the blade was made of. Unlike every time I had tried this before, the blade started to glow with heat until it was white hot. As if they were possessed, the three blacksmiths pulled the pieces out and started to hammer them back together.

Within the hour the blade was whole once more, yet it was hours more that they labored over the blade. They worked without speaking, without rest, pouring over every detail of the blade. For three days, they worked with a possessed fever, and the very day that I had to set sail, they presented the blade to me.

The smoky gray blade possessed a ripple pattern, like water. The crossguard was a long bar, while the grip itself was large enough to fit two hands. The blade was long, lacking a fuller, and to someone else, its length would be unwieldy, as it was fourth five inches or around three and a half feet, with both edges being razor sharp. Given my size and the fact that I was still growing, it was perfect.

Legendary Artifact Restored.

Name: Gram

Effects:
10% increase in Prestige from battles.
+2,000 Prestige to owner
5% increase Renown gain
+5 monthly Renown
+15 Prowess
+ 1 Prowess per level of fame (+10)
Increased opinion of Norse-Germanic pagans​

Gram. The blade belonging to the legendary warrior Sigurd as my people knew him, or Siegfried, as the Saxons did.

My namesake.

A blade that was granted to Sigmund, Sigurd's father, which ignited his quest for revenge against a petty king who killed his family out of jealousy for the sword. Odin then broke the blade when Sigmund was blinded by his revenge, not recognizing the man who granted him it under the guise of a beggar.

It was Sigurd who granted the blade fame, when he had it reforged by his dwarven mentor and used it to slay the dragon Fafnir, and in doing so bathed in its blood from the fierceness of the battle. His skin became like armor, all save for a leaf-shaped spot on his back where one had stuck to him. He wielded the blade throughout his life, using it to slay a great many other beasts and monsters, becoming a hero without equal until he met a tragic end. Betrayed by his king and friend, who coveted the valkyrie, Brynhildr, who loved Sigurd. He was murdered by a well-aimed spear to the back, directly into his one weak spot.

Sigurd was granted a funeral pyre where Brynhildr, his love, threw herself onto the pyre to join him in death. Gram was said to be on that pyre alongside Sigurd, as was customary.

How had the blade been broken once more? How had the pieces ended up in the hands of two middling Jarls in Norway?

I had questions. They lurked in the back of my mind even as I grasped the blade, feeling as if it was made for my hand and my hand alone. A sense of strength flowed into me as I took hold of the blade. A smile tugged at my lips as I gazed upon my sword, Gram. There was a very long road ahead of me to prove worthy of it.

"A sword fit for a king."

…​

The restoration of Gram was treated as the greatest omen that we could have received from the gods. After the plunder that we had taken, and now with Gram in my hand, my people's spirits couldn't have possibly been higher as we set sail for Hispania once more.

And it was there that the gods decided to pull the rug out from underneath us.

"Abd al-Rahman has refused to pay the promised sum," I said, reading the words from the letter that had been delivered, much to the disappointment of my commanders. We were gathered in my tent, looking to join the Caliph, and upon landfall a messenger had come and left as fast as he arrived. A rather telling sign, I knew, even before I opened the letter.

"A cheat," Olek growled, his lips curling. Across from him, Hoffer let out a bark of laughter.

"We have already taken a kingdom's worth of silver from him. I can't blame him for not wanting to part with more." Hoffer said, and he had been nothing but smiles since the Great Raid had begun. I think he was starting to look forward to ruling his island kingdom, especially when he saw how rich the plunder was.

I reread the letter, "He tries to soften the refusal. I believe that it is prudence rather than spite," I said. The reasons listed on the letter were sound -- his son had no right to promise the funds to me. He was still in negotiations with Charlemagne, so he could hardly grant them to me when peace could be struck. "Yet, they feel hollow."

"He doesn't want to look any weaker than he already does," Thorkell ventured. "If he was my king, and if some other Jarl did to us what we did to them? I wouldn't trust the man to watch grass grow, much less lead a kingdom." There were a few general muttering of agreement. "The only reason he still has a crown is because they're staring down an army. But, I wouldn't be shocked to hear that the Jarls and Thegns are working on taking it from him as we speak."

I nodded, showing my agreement while Athrun spoke up, "Perhaps he simply doesn't want our help? Or perhaps he thinks we serve the Frankish King. Our arrival is suspicious. He'd be a fool if he didn't at least suspect the possibility." Also a valid point.

"His reasons matter little, in the end. We have been denied the other half of our payment. Instead, we are left with a vague promise of compensation should we still attack the Franks." I disliked how it was done. I could understand the reasons. I understood why he went this path. However, what Abd al-Rahman had done was wait for us to land in Hispania before telling us his refusal. When the island we stayed on was a day's sailing away, at most.

"He's holding the payment hostage," Hoffer agreed. "But we've already been paid half. I say that we leave. We don't gain anything by honoring a contract that wasn't honored to us."

"Aye -- the money would be nice, but we're already swimming in it." Thorkell agreed, casting a glance at me.

Also true. We didn't really need the money. That wasn't what had motivated me to take this contract. "We accepted half of the payment. It would be dishonorable to simply cut and run now." There were some agreements there, and some grumbling. "I have no intention of simply giving back seven thousand talents. However, nor will I allow it to be said that we aren't worth what we're paid."

Thorkell wasn't at all surprised by my reasoning, "Then what shall we do?" He asked.

He laughed when I answered.

The agreements were swift after that as we all decided on a course of action. On that day, we broke camp and began to march inland where we were greeted by another messenger asking for a reply.

The messenger was rebuffed. We sent him off without an answer, and he retreated back to Abd al-Rahman. After that, we were shadowed by scouts and more messengers arrived. First, they asked for a reply. Then they demanded one. Then they began to demand answers for our intentions as we moved along the coast.

However, Abd al-Rahman soon had other concerns as, at long last, Charlemagne mobilized his army.

Charlemagne elected to go around the worst of the mountains, knowing that Abd al-Rahman had gathered a significant force to stop his invasion before it could begin. Only the terrain around the coast was hardly that much better when it came down to it. There was a reason why Charlemagne used the mountain passes, and that was there were no good grounds for a battle. In the passes, as deadly as they could be, so long as you properly scouted the way, you had little to fear.

Yet, his hand was forced. It was impossible for him to be ignorant of the army that awaited him, so approaching through the mountain passes was a death sentence as that was tandemount to asking to be ambushed. With little recourse went around the mountains, heading into the rough hilly terrain that acted as a precursor to them. Abd al-Rahman, as much as he would like to demand answers from me, had to mobilize himself to meet him.

And there was really only one battlefield in the area that they could meet upon and make full use of their numbers and their cavalry. So, I simply marched ahead towards it with my ten thousand warriors.

Naturally, as the first to arrive on the battlefield, I claimed the best view for myself. A large hill that overlooked a large flatland pass through the rolling hills. In the unfavorable terrain, it was one of the few places like it, which made it the natural battlefield. The hill, likewise, was a powerful advantage. In some places it was too steep to climb without difficulty, but in others it had a gentler but steady incline.

Which meant that both Charlemagne and Abd al-Rahman had wanted it for themselves.

"What a lovely view," I decided, my army having long fortified our position on top of the hill by the time both armies arrived on the field. And what a sight it was.

There was a point in time that I couldn't have imagined what fifty thousand people would have looked like. Before, back in Denmark, I thought that hovel of a town that Horrik ruled over was the greatest city in the world when it barely had more than a thousand people in it. It was only thanks to the Hippodrome, and the events therein, that I could imagine what a force that big looked like. It could hold a hundred thousand people, reportedly.

It was a sight that I would never forget as long as I lived.

The sight of the Frankish army moving in force to meet the equally sized Umayyad army was another sight I would never forget.

Seeing a hundred thousand men in a crowd was one thing, but seeing a hundred thousand men arranged on the battlefield was something else entirely. The Umayyads, in preparation to fight both the Franks and Abbasids, had fully mobilized their military might because they understood that there would be no opportunity to recover and gather strength. The result was that Abd al-Rahman commanded an army some sixty thousand strong, outnumbering Charlemagne's by ten thousand.

From my vantage, I could easily compare the two forces. Charlemagne possessed ten thousand cavalry, five thousand archers, three thousand skirmishers, with the remainder of his force being spearmen. Abd al-Rahman, on the other hand, possessed ten thousand light horsemen, five thousand cataphracts, five thousand archers, with the rest being levies. Meaning, their forces were roughly comparable to one another.

Except Charlemagne had his Paladins.

"I wish I had brought Astrid with us. She would have loved this," I mused, watching both the Franks and Umayyads react to the unwelcome news that I had taken the hill. My smile grew a fraction when I saw both of them sending messengers towards us.

"Better she didn't. A sight like this would have made sure she would give you a second son," Hoffer remarked, and I chose to ignore it, not letting it interfere with my good mood. He had relaxed significantly since Astrid bore me a son, but that didn't mean he had stopped with his needling.

The messengers drew near, and Charlemagne truly knew what he was doing, choosing to send Astolfo and…

I blinked, "How are you not dead?" I greeted Rinaldo in Frankish, ushering them to where I sat upon their arrival alongside the Umayyad messengers.

"It takes more than a pagan boy to kill me," Rinaldo boasted and I was more confused than anything.

"I stabbed you in the heart. Twice, if memory serves," I replied, inspecting Rinaldo as if to make sure he really was the same man I had fought in Saxony. I hadn't seen him die, but I was certain that I had killed him. As getting stabbed in the heart once, much less twice, was wont to do. The fact that he was able to continue to fight me in what became known as the Laughing Duel was nothing short of incredible and a testament to his resilience. Yet, I fully expected the man to die of his wounds and the fact that he hadn't was honestly quite worrisome.

"It does, pagan," Rinaldo replied, no explanation forthcoming. So, I very pointedly looked at Astolfo, who just gave me a lopsided grin in response. No answer from her either.

"You're miraculous recovery aside, what business do you have with me?" I asked, leaning into my seat. I was being petty, I knew that. I couldn't deny myself it, though -- I may have benefited from it obscenely well, but I was still quite annoyed that Charlemagne had essentially given me an ultimatum.

Astolfo sighed, "Sieg… can we please have the hill?"

I thought about it for a moment, and only because it was Astolfo who had asked. "You may not. I want an excellent view of the battle to come."

Rinaldo sneered so hard it was a wonder he didn't pull something. But, then again, he could recover from a twice skewered heart, so he likely had nothing to fear. Astolfo continued before he could say anything, "You're being petty, Sieg," she accused and rightly so.

"I am," I agreed wholeheartedly. "Charlemagne called me to heel as if I am some dog to command. He threatened to aid the man who murdered my family. I believe I'm entitled to being a little petty." I said, the smile starting to slip off my face.

Rinaldo stepped forward, "You are an enemy then?" He said, stopped by Thorkell placing a hand on his chest and pushing him back. The force of the push made Rinaldo's gaze snap to Thorkell.

"Not particularly, no," I replied blandly, letting them mull on that for a moment. "I merely wanted a decent view, so I took the only one in the area." That wasn't the whole truth, but my reasoning was simple.

I denied Charlemagne the hill, which would have granted him a significant advantage. Now, merely by sitting where I was, I was on both of the armies flanks. They outnumbered me five times over, but ten thousand men wasn't a force either side could ignore. If I attacked at the wrong time during the battle?

As it was, in their perspective, whoever I attacked would lose the battle.

Both Rinaldo and Astolfo traded a glance before they made to leave, taking my response to their King. I gave them another message before they left, "I did my part in raiding the Umayyads. For nearly three months, I raided and reaved across Hispania. I upheld my end of the bargain to Charlemagne. He can blame his gambit failing only due to the quality of his enemy."

Astolfo inclined her head to me as the two Paladins left my camp, letting me turn my attention to the Umayyad messengers. The conversation was almost identical, except for one sticking point.

"I do not blame Caliph Abd al-Rahman for his decision to break the agreement his son made with me. Given his circumstances, it is understandable. What I do blame your Caliph for is that in the month since I kept the peace, he did not inform me that his son spoke beyond his authority. He attempted to ambush me, holding what was promised to me hostage while taking advantage of the peace that was purchased. Had he not done so, if he had sent a letter informing me and requesting that the deal be amended, I would have accepted."

"I have denied Charlemagne the hill, and I sit upon his flank as he is unsure if I am a friend or foe. I have upheld the bargain I made with his son, but seeing as I have only received half of the pay, I shall only do half of the job." I said, my gaze sharp as the messengers squirmed beneath my gaze. "If your Caliph wants anything of me from this point on, he will have to pay my rate. At a mark up for his trickery. But, he may take heart -- Charlemagne will have to pay an even higher price."

With that, I sent the messenger back to the Umayyads, waiting to see the effect my words would have upon both armies.

I didn't have to wait long.

The Umayyads sent more messengers, each one carrying a heavy chest of gold. Charlemagne saw the action, and I knew that he was considering his options, yet I already knew what he was going to do.

Charlemagne was ambitious. A conqueror. He'd mustered the largest army that his people had seen since the fall of the western half of the Roman Empire. He lifted his men's hearts with promises of conquest, of seizing Hispania and liberating the Christians within while punishing the infidels. He, simply put, couldn't afford to retreat. Nor could he afford to lose this battle. Doing either would fracture his image in a way that he… simply couldn't afford.

What he could afford, however, was to compete with the Umayyads to see who could pay me more to not attack them.

Neither knew how much the other was bidding for my services. They only saw wagons and mules being pulled in my direction, leaving the other side to guess how much was within. Then they attempted to one-up the other side by sending me more. Which, in turn, induced the first side to increase their offer to ensure that they won the bid.

What were they bidding for?

My inaction. At first, they tried to hire me outright, but when I resisted the idea, they switched tactics. Instead, they paid me for the promise that I would hold the hill and not attack them, leaving them to conduct their battle in peace. Or, to be more precise, so they wouldn't have to dedicate a significant amount of men to guard their flank from me, which in turn allowed them to focus on the enemy before them. I accepted both bids with a prudent warning -- the promise would only last for a day. On the morrow, they would have to pay again.

"Two thousand talents to do nothing," I mused, watching as the battle lines began to form up, the bids accepted, and there was nothing left to do but give battle on an even field. "It's almost better than raiding."

Next to me, Thorkell snorted, "For someone else, maybe. But, I expect that price to rise soon. They're going to get desperate and this hill here is going to look more and more tempting."

I hummed in agreement, knowing that he was right. "Think they'll attack?"

"Neither of them strike me as dumb enough to try something like that when they have an enemy before them. Maybe when the battle ends, and they have a victor," Thorkell ventured as horns rang out in the air as the two opposing forces began their clash. "Entirely depends on how much it costs them to win, and the only danger our guys are in is drinking too much during the show."

It felt decadent to treat a battle such as this, with so much on the line for both parties, as mere entertainment, but that was precisely what it was to us on this day. We watched giants clash, my men taking bets on the victor and loudly cheering for their chosen side. Admittedly, there were precious few who were cheering for Charlemagne, but there were some who found the Caliph more disagreeable for trying to cheat us.

The sheer volume of the arrows exchanged was astounding to witness. Arrows fell from the sky as if they were rain, so many in the air that when the arrows of both sides crossed paths, they struck each other. It was a frightful sight, I had to admit. Volleys of arrows were hardly something new to me, but I disliked the thought of being on the receiving end of such massive volleys.

Both sides opened with skirmishers, sending arrows and stones at one another, covering as they both advanced to one another. On the flat ground, with the hill out of reach, they sought what advantage they could get. Slowly, they got closer and closer and closer until the archers were forced to fall back behind the first line of infantry. Then, like two stones colliding, they smashed together. The infantry jabbed at the other side with their spears, their shields protecting them in front as much as they did above as arrows and stone still continued to rain down.

In terms of infantry, they were evenly matched. In terms of missile troops, they were more or less even, though I would give the advantage to Charlemagne.

Where they were decidedly not even was in cavalry, and I once again saw the devastation that it could bring. The Umayyads sent forth their cataphracts, horsemen covered in armor, and they acted much like a brick to the face to the Franks. Their line was smashed where they struck, infantry pouring forth into the openings, which in turn allowed the cataphracts to pull out and cycle for another charge.

The Frank cavalry responded by attacking the cataphracts, tying them down, but in terms of quality, the cataphracts were undeniably better. Meanwhile, the Umayyad light horsemen began to harass the remainder of the Franks' cavalry, bogging them down in a back-and-forth squabble.

The two sides were grinding each other down. It was impossible to tell who was winning as the first lines fought for hours, largely not changing positions established after the initial clash.

That was when Charlemagne deployed his Paladins. As the second line moved up, giving the first line rest, they struck and started to carve lines into the Umayyad formation. The infantry exploited the sudden breaks in the formation, pouring in and it left the clash far more jagged. It made it easy to tell where they were, that was for certain.

I saw Astolfo with her iron spear. I saw Rinaldo. I even saw Roland, the hulking man cutting a path with every single swing of his sword. I almost wished I was down there, to see how I would fare in a rematch. The man had undeniably defeated me, but I had been a child then.

There were only eleven Paladins on the field, I noticed. I knew their names but not who they were: Roland, the commander, Astolfo, Rinaldo, Gerin, Berengier, Otton, Samson, Bradamante, Ivon, Ivoire, and Anseis. What was clear was every single one of them possessed incredible prowess. However, the Umayyads had an answer to them, and it wasn't one I had truly considered before. As, in the end, my army was personal. I didn't have vast lands to recruit from.

The Umayyads drowned the Paladins in bodies in a way that was unlike what King Widukind managed in Saxony. There was a vast difference in the sheer weight of numbers between ten thousand men and sixty thousand. The Paladin's charge was blunted, and their supporting infantry pushed back, which forced the Paladins to fall back with them else they'd be completely surrounded.

The fighting lasted long into the day, starting in the morning, continuing into the afternoon, and only ending as the sky began to darken with the sun's descent. Both armies pulled back from the field of battle, returning to their own camps, leaving the field littered with corpses. The wounded were brought back but with the situation so tense, neither side dared to collect their dead.

I had half expected to be attacked in the middle of the night, truth be told. Attacked in a blind bid for the hill in the hopes that either the Franks or the Umayyads could drive us off before the other reacted. But, in the morning, I found that our position was unmolested except for one thing.

Messengers from both sides of the battle had arrived with offers.

Both parties were unsurprised to learn that the price for my inaction had gone up significantly.

...

Big chapter with a lot happening in it. I think this chapter is the closest that we've gotten to outright magic, but it's something that I've been planning for a long time at this point. I didn't want to go full on CK2 where you could sacrifice dwarves to the devil in order to cure your cancer, but I didn't want to shy away from the fact that there's something going on in the world that isn't entirely natural. This is probably as deep as we go as magic, however, with Gram restored.

And, on that note -- the story of Sigurd isn't a full one-to-one with the legends. In particular, I'm stealing the ending from The Ring Of The Nibelungs in regards to how the tales end. Which was the movie that got me into history as a kid.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 789 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 18, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Wheels in Motion New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,663
"Charlemagne is winning," I voiced, unsurprised by the development but I could and did find it rather annoying regardless. I had really hoped that he would stumble here, even if I knew, objectively, that it was better if he won as he would then be tied down in the region for years to come. Hadi and the thirty thousand men that were sent with him were already sweeping across the South. I didn't know how far they had gone, but I would be shocked if Hadi had failed to take at least one city by now.

The battle had been raging for a week, and the cracks were starting to show in Abd al-Rahman's army. His advantage in numbers had been steadily ground down, and though he still had more men, the gap wasn't as large. The Paladins were used more sparingly once it was clear that the battle wasn't going to be won in a single decisive display. They rotated, acting in groups of six to keep the other half of their numbers fresh.

Both sides had quickly identified each other's strengths and weaknesses, and the battle became just as much about suppressing those strengths as it was exploiting weaknesses.

Whenever the Umayyads' heavy cavalry was able to charge the Frankish army, they delivered brutal devastation. The Franks, naturally, did their best to suppress the heavy cavalry with their own lighter cavalry. But, when the Umayyads used their own light horsemen or when the cataphracts targeted the lighter Frankish cavalry in particular, they had trouble doing so. Every charge was devastating and watching the battle I was reminded time and time again why I feared a cavalry charge.

The Franks, logically, should have been in a bad position. They were unable to properly use their own horsemen. They were getting absolutely hammered again and again. But, where they were winning was in the infantry. The Paladins each cut their own bloody swaths, and each time they did, the Umayyads had to not only push to stop the advance but also to fill the gaps they made. Meaning that the Umayyads couldn't properly cycle their frontline.

Things had been fine on the first day, but after a week, the exhaustion was starting to sink in. Not to mention the loss in morale because the dead infantry more than balanced the losses the Franks suffered.

"Think it'll be today?" Thorkell asked me, tossing a peach in my direction. I caught it deftly as I pondered the question.

"If not today, then tomorrow," I reasoned, taking a bite out of the fruit. Watching the battle had been informative. A useful experience. I hadn't ever participated in a battle of this scale, and I could see how it was different. It was… clumsy, for lack of a better word. With the ever growing size of my army, I had already felt the effects. The battle line stretched on longer than you could see, and it was difficult to tell where you were winning and where you were losing. Which was why I needed Astrid to oversee the whole field.

That got a sigh out of Thorkell, "Shame. This was a lucrative opportunity." That was an understatement if I had ever heard one. Sitting on this hill and watching my enemies kill each other while getting paid to not interfere, I had amassed nearly seventeen thousand talents of gold and silver over seven days by steadily increasing the cost of each day's payments. They started at five hundred talents a day, but the price steadily grew as both side's losses became more apparent, their weakness growing, and I became more of a threat. This morning, I collected two thousand talents total from both sides. "You going to accept the offer, then?"

The offer in question wasn't just for my continued inaction, but to 'purchase' the hill from me. The Umayyads, as they were more desperate, had a standing offer of sixty thousand talents. Charlemagne, though pressed, was in a far better position, so his offer was significantly lower at twenty thousand.

"I hate it, but I think I am," I sighed. I couldn't let personal feelings get in the way. It would be bad for me, as well as Saxony if Charlemagne was defeated here. I imagine he'd walk straight across his kingdom with his defeated army, and even at a fraction of its current strength, it would be well beyond Saxony's ability to deal with. And I couldn't yet return without giving up on a number of Quests or the rewards they offered.

"It's the smart decision," Thorkell agreed with me, sounding like he liked it even less. "I'll fetch a runner, then?"

"Aye. Send word to Charlemagne that the hill is his for twenty thousand talents." I decided, leaning in my chair, gazing out at the battlefield that was utterly strewn with corpses. "Payment upfront, and in the dead of night, we shall slink away."

"You don't want to stay until the end?" He asked, sounding surprised.

"There wouldn't be any point. I already know how Charlemagne will win. He'll sacrifice his infantry to the cataphracts and dedicate a full charge from his cavalry on the other flank, down this hill. Combining that with his Paladins, and Abd al-Rahman's flank will collapse. The only reason why he hasn't done it sooner is that he hoped to conserve his strength." Strength he knows he needs for the battles to come. Not to mention, he had to thin out the Umayyads light cavalry."

The message was sent to the Frankish camp, and some hours later, discreetly, wagons were brought to my camp. Each wagon contained several chests stacked on top of one another, each one filled with wealth. The payment was handed over with Astolfo at its head.

She seemed tired, I noticed, giving me an unimpressed look as the wealth was marched into my camp. "Are you happy now?"

"Depends. How angry is Charlemagne?" I asked her and, to that, Astolfo grimaced.

"Umm… well… he also said to pass along a message… 'Siegfried. Every night, I pray to the Almighty, asking him to grant me the chance to go back to our first meeting. Where I would then get off of my horse and take great pleasure in murdering you with my own hands.'" Astolfo finished, seeming a bit pensive about my reaction.

She wasn't at all relieved when I laughed. "Yes. In that case, I am happy now," I decided, making Astolfo sigh.

"It'd be nicer if we could all just get along," she remarked mournfully. I understood her plight. She was a loyal vassal and warrior of Charlemagne, but she didn't possess the same visceral hatred of pagans and heathens that her king did. The fact that we could call each other friend despite it all was tragically an exception rather than the norm.

"I've tried as much in Norland," I admitted. "I stuffed Muslims, Christians, and a temple to my people in one district."

She perked up, "And?"

"I expect that part of the city is going to burn down," I replied, making her deflate. Though, she was unsurprised. Which made it somewhat puzzling when she sent me a sly smirk.

"It's possible, though," she said, reaching into a satchel and passing me a leather bound book and a letter. "They're from Bishop Otto -- he still feels pretty bad about dropping that Iconoclast debate on you, so he wrote this to help make up for it." She said and I opened the book to find familiar handwriting. On the pages were tales -- words of wisdom that Otto had collected on his pilgrimage to Rome from farmers, vagabonds, prostitutes, beggars, and thieves.

That did get a smile out of me. "I never held it against him, but I shall welcome the gift." Opening the letter conveyed more or less what Astolfo said -- that Otto regretted that he had put me in a difficult position without consulting me, so over the past year and a half, he had put the wisdom he had accrued over the last few years to paper, for me to add to my ever growing library. "Give him my thanks, would you?"

"I will. He didn't come on the campaign, but I see plenty of him back in Aachen." At that, I cocked an eyebrow and she elaborated. "Otto has been… vocal about his dissatisfaction with the Church. He donated the wealth of his church to the locals, cast off his raiments, and most of his sermons happen during public works because his church has become a sickhouse." That sounded like Otto. "He's stepped on some toes, though. People have been trying to kill him, so Charlemagne has a Paladin guarding him at all times. Bradamante stayed behind to protect him."

It sounded like Otto was taking action rather than limply following the Church's doctrine then. "I wish him success in his endeavors, but what spurred this on?"

"The debate, as far as I know," Astolfo answered. "The politics of it left a bad taste in his mouth, so he chose to spit it out rather than swallow it down." I had known of his dissatisfaction, but I didn't think it extended so far. "I wouldn't be too worried about him. He has King Charlemagne's full support, and I think the message that he preaches is resonating with a lot of people."

I felt that the situation was more complicated than that. Christian nobility were fond of sending their third and fourth sons to the Faith because most could not afford an inheritance for them. Likewise, it was another way to increase their families standing, particularly if their scion climbed up the Church hierarchy. Which they would, because their noble families would bribe, blackmail, and extort to ensure they rose through the ranks regardless of their piety or worthiness.

From the sounds of it, Otto wasn't suggesting a mere change in direction with the Church. It sounded a great deal like he was advocating for the state of things to be torn down to the foundations of the Faith itself.

Naturally, those that benefited from the way things were would seek to stop him. Silence him.

"... Otto is my friend," I told Astolfo, my voice turning serious. "Our different faiths aside, I have found few men as worthy of respect as Otto. I dislike Charlemagne for a number of reasons, but I can understand his motivations. However, if he lets Otto die for his own convenience… that will be the last mistake he ever makes." Because, in the end, Charlemagne was also someone who benefited from the Church being how it was.

Both Charlemagne and Otto were true believers -- they put God above their own lives. However, Charlemagne was a king, and I wasn't sure he would put God above his kingdom.

There was a pregnant pause, Astolfo meeting my hard stare, knowing that I just threatened her king. She didn't argue. Instead, she inclined her head to me. "I'll pass the message along, Siegfried."

And, with that, Astolfo left.

The payment was brought into the camp, and as I had promised, after a week of being idle, we took action once more. Our departure had long been anticipated as the wealth we had extracted from both sides would be a very compelling target for the warring armies -- both to reclaim what they had paid us, as well as to claim the payments of their enemy. As such, as a crescent moon shone overhead, we departed the camp in the dead of night.

We moved without torches, using furs to muffle the sounds of our arms, armor, and baggage train. Our scouts moved well beyond us, ensuring that any watchful eyes of the Umayyads that were on us were silenced. Likewise, we ensured that the Umayyads thought we were still in our camp by leaving the campfires lit.

The idleness of the camp was swiftly rectified by Charlemagne, who did exactly as I thought he would do -- he sent the majority of his horsemen along with some infantry to the hill. An action that hadn't been missed by the Umayyads. Even in the dead of night, they started to respond to the Franks taking the hill but they were far too late to stop the action.

Once the Franks had the clear advantage, stacking their forces upon that flank… the Umayyads understood they had been outmaneuvered, limiting their options severely. Abd al-Rahman couldn't afford to retreat as his army would shatter like glass due to the factions within it. They could only fight to the best of their ability, and seize the one advantage that they had left.

The initiative.

As my army stole away in the night, the Umayyads' began a call to arms, waking men from their slumber. They formed up, not in a line, but more of a mob, forcing the Franks out of their own camp only a few short hours after the fighting had stopped. I fully intended to be gone by the time the battle began, but the baggage train slowed us tremendously. Enough so that I decided to establish a rear guard to make sure we weren't attacked from behind. Likewise, I sent an advance guard to bring our ships to us because marching to them would take far too long.

The silver lining to all this was that I got to witness the final charge of the battle after all.

The Umayyads split their forces, attacking both the center and western flank while a smaller contingent assaulted the hill, determine to tie up the Frank cavalry and blunt any flanking maneuver. As far as bad options went, it was the best that Abd al-Rahman could have gone with. The Franks, for their part, received the Umayyad charge.

Unlike every battle before, both sides committed everything. There were no reserves held back. Neither side could afford to. Sheer weight of numbers played as much of a part in the battle as did skill at arms and tactics. And what the Umayyads had was men. They threw themselves into the center, forcing the Frankish line to bend further and further with every step taken.

Yet, they never pushed it to the point that it broke. Perhaps, with more time, and under the light of day, the Umayyads could have managed it. But, when the forces attacking the hill broke, allowing the Frankish cavalry to mobilize? Letting them stream down the hill, hitting the Umayyads in the back and side under the cover of darkness, making it impossible to tell the number of enemies that had flanked them? After a week of brutal fighting?

The Umayyad army broke. It started fast, with the first of the army turning to run creating a cascading effect. Parts of the army tried to create a controlled retreat, but the vast majority of the army simply broke and ran, heading back for their camp.

It was a disappointing sight, to be honest. But, with True Vision, I could see through the darkness that Abd al-Rahman was doing what he could to salvage his forces and make a fighting retreat. The battle was his loss, but he was fighting for the chance to fight again.

Perhaps he would salvage enough of his army to fight again. And, perhaps, if Charlemagne was the only one he had to contend with, the Umayyads would have had a real chance of survival. But, with the Abbasids rising from their southern border, they had no hope of returning from this defeat.

Abd al-Rahman knew that, yet he fought on. For that alone, he had my respect. Just not my sword arm as, in the end, I had accomplished exactly what I desired.

I had down the seeds of an inevitable conflict between the Franks and the Abbasids.

…​

The sounds of Charlemagne attacking the routing army echoed through our departure, our ships arriving with us swiftly loading our bounty onto them before setting sail. There had been an attack on our rear guard, but I couldn't tell if it was merely a case of mistaken identity, or a probing attack from the Frankish king. In any case, the disorganized force was easily repelled and within a handful of hours, we set sail for the Balearic Islands once more.

Our return was celebrated by our people, but less so by the thralls, especially when they heard that their Caliph had been defeated. But given that most of their families were out of harm's way, they cared less than they otherwise might have, feeling protected on these islands.

As for myself? After the conflict was done, I felt… satisfied. The sheer magnitude of my accomplishment would be felt for generations. My actions were already becoming legendary as I had heard a tale that claimed that Charlemagne and Abd al-Rahman both had paid me hundreds of thousands of talents, as well as the hands of their daughters, out of fear.

I could only imagine how the story would twist as time went on, so I had the Great Raid etched into a Runestone and added to the one in Norland. And in the aftermath, I had even more reasons to be satisfied.

Quest: Lord of the Tides​

Objective: Establish a military presence on (4/4) major islands in the Mediterranean.
- Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Title: Lord of Tides. 1 Boon.
Bonus Objective: Establish (23,000/20,000) army within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #1: 1 Martial Perk.
Bonus Objective: Maintain (1,180/1,000) standing fleet.
- Bonus reward #2: Learning Perk: Early Age of Exploration Ship: Caravel.
Bonus Objective: Maintain an alliance with (1/1) major power within the Mediterranean.
- Bonus reward #3: Third hint to legendary item (3/3)

Lord of Tides: The ocean will ever be in the favor of the bearer of this title.

At long last, I had accomplished the Lord of Tides Quest. The stolen ships had granted me a fleet a thousand strong. Through hiring mercenaries and settling the population of the lesser Balearic island, the might of the island nation had eclipsed twenty thousand. With my unofficial betrothal to Jasmine, I had secured an alliance with the Abbasids. And, at last, I possessed a military presence on four of the major islands in the Mediterranean.

A thousand Prestige was much appreciated, as was the Boon. The title, however, was what I truly desired from the main quest -- Lord of the Tides. To have the ocean be a trusted ally of an island kingdom was an advantage that couldn't be described. Yet, the bonus rewards were every bit as worthy of the challenge it had been to earn them.

A Martial Perk, my first in a long while. More important, however, was the Learning Perk. What the gods called the Early Age of Exploration Ship: Caravel. A new type of ship. A shiver raced down my spine when I was able to picture what such a vessel would look like in my mind. It was almost alien in nature, yet familiar still. Fundamentally different from my peoples longships or the Roman triremes. A beast of rope, tar, and canvas that sat far higher out of the water, with a deeper hull, and several masts with triangular sails.

The caravel had its own weaknesses, but it was a marked improvement on our longships by nearly every metric. The shallow keel would let it sail most of the deeper rivers, though not all of them. It had significantly more space for cargo. The multiple sails, especially with their shape, would allow the ships to sail at an angle in the face of the wind. The ships were even similar in length, some fifty feet to seventy at the largest.

The issue with them was that they were costly to make. Wood, rope, and canvas in particular. I could build two longships for what it would take to build a single caravel ship. It was no small investment, especially when the time spent on constructing the ship could be spent on other projects.

They were still worth creating, of course. Their merits far outstripped their demerits, but I didn't see the caravels outright replacing our longships. Not any time soon, at least. What I expected to happen first was to implement some of the benefits of the caravels to our longships, such as the sails that would allow a longship to sail against the wind.

In any case, much like the longships, I had no intention of building any while I was in the Mediterranean. I was already having to fend off those that tried to get the shipbuilding secrets of the longships for themselves, and I had no desire to inadvertently teach the Romans how to make such an improvement as the caravel.

As for the Boon, I had a few interesting choices, but it came down to two in particular.

Minor Regeneration
The user gains a minor regeneration effect, swiftly healing minor injuries and granting resistance to illness, which is intended to keep the user healthy and whole.

Mentor
When in a teaching position, students gain 15% increase in experience. ​

Of the two, Mentor called to me. It was a broader application of another one of my Martial Perks, Drill Instructor, which increased the learning and experience gained by my soldiers. I had learned a great deal in Constantinople, and I hoped to learn more still. Sharing what I had learned, in particular with my children, appealed to me.

However, the choice wasn't so clear cut when I considered the options for Martial perks.

Limitless
The user is able to exert all of his physical strength.

Know Thy Enemy
Enemy units are marked and identified, as well as their unit type, current strength, and morale. ​

On its own, Know Thy Enemy struck me as the most useful. Information was king on the battlefield. With that Perk, the Caliph possibly could have won that battle against Charlemagne by deliberately targeting the weakened portions of his army. Instead of a mass of fighting bodies in the moonlight, who was who would have been easily marked.

However, Minor Regeneration paired with Limitless was a powerful combination. I was confident in my physical prowess. Even if I was against a dozen men, I was certain I would win. A hundred, even. Simply because I could kill them faster than they could overwhelm me, and very few men would have the heart to charge someone that had just killed fifty men and looked to kill fifty more.

Yet, it was the Paladins of Charlemagne that worried me. I was older than when I last faced them, stronger, and I now possessed the legendary sword Gram. Roland had beaten me, badly, when I faced him as a fourteen year old boy. At seventeen, my odds were better, but… still uncertain. Being able to utilize all of my strength, something that fundamentally strained the body to do, paired with Minor Regeneration?

That was a difficult combination to pass up. Especially when it was the first Martial Perk I had seen for several years.

Perhaps, if I felt like I had a hard counter to the Paladins, warriors of my own who could match them in prowess, I could choose the Perks I truly preferred. Of all my men, Athrun was the only one who had a Blessing that enhanced him physically. Perhaps that could change one day, but as it was…

My choices were Limitless and Minor Regeneration.

As I made my selections, there was a knock at my door as I felt both Perks take effect. I gave myself a moment to recover, feeling as if small needles were jabbing themselves into my flesh for just a second. "Enter," I allowed, looking over to see that it was Hoffer.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed," Hoffer said, greeting me. Then, surprisingly, he dropped down to a knee. "I owe you an apology, my lord."

"For what offense?" I asked, wondering where this was going as I shifted in my seat, setting aside a whittling project.

"For harboring doubts," Hoffer confessed. "I went along with your plan of an island nation, but I doubted your ability to make such a thing manifest. At most, I figured I would rule over Crete, acting as an Abbasid puppet. But your aims surpassed my imagination."

I frowned at the large man -- he was large enough that even on a knee, we were still on eye level as I was seated. "Your doubts seem reasonable, Hoffer. I don't begrudge you for them."

Hoffer nodded his head, grateful, before he continued. "My thanks, Lord Wolf-Kissed. You have done my family a kindness, and not for the first time. You made my father a king, my sister shall be a queen, and I shall wear a crown not given to me by my father. It is the future kingdom that you are granting to me that I wish to discuss with you."

He sounded serious. I was glad to hear it -- he had, admittedly, treated my words too lightly, I recognized in hindsight. He had nodded along, but it was only recently that it started to sink in that he would be a king. And now, finally, he started showing interest in his kingdom.

I had expected this conversation eventually, and I was glad he was the one who brought it up. "You fear that your kingdom is too spread out," I ventured, gesturing for him to rise and take a seat.

"I do," he agreed, taking a seat across from me, his gaze flickering to the outline of a model caravel I had been carving. "The distance between Palmar and Norland is some thousand miles. Assuming that the conditions are ideal, it's at least a ten-day trip. More if the conditions aren't ideal."

"It's not the ideal capital, I agree," I admitted as much. I was proud of Norland, but I had settled the land because of how close it was to Constantinople.

"Position wise, Sicily is near dead set in the middle," Hoffer agreed, relaxing significantly. He thought he'd have to talk me into that conclusion. "It's a little too close to land, but if we conquer the Roman territories there, it's not as bad. If Crete wasn't a factor, then Sardinia would be best. The Balearic Islands are too close to Francia, making them a better staging ground than a capital."

"Of the choices, I would recommend Sardinia," I offered. "It has fertile lands, it's neatly situated, and it possesses silver mines. Your greatest strength will be controlling the seas -- Sicily is only an island by three miles or less. Though, conquering the Roman lands nearby would be prudent as a precaution. As for the capital, I can provide funds for its-" I was cut off when Hoffer started shaking his head.

"The offer is generous, but unnecessary, my lord," Hoffer said. "You underestimate the riches you have brought to us. I alone can afford to build a city in addition to financing an army of mercenaries. I could probably build two cities and still have enough to live in luxury. So, while I thank you for your generosity, please don't burden yourself. I suspect you'll have need of the wealth when you return to Denmark."

Perhaps Jill was right -- I had lost sight of what was considered wealthy. I was almost sure he would need my help.

"Very well then. What did you have in mind for Sardinia?" I began, starting a long overdue conversation that continued long into the night.

…​

"Ohhh, they finished it? That was pretty fast," Thorkell remarked next to me as we sailed into the harbor of Norland some days later. My gaze was affixed upon the tall lighthouse that had sprung up outside of the harbor. It was hardly the Lighthouse of Alexandria, but it was notable all the same. It stood tall at the outermost point of the island, and I could see what seemed to be children at it's top, watching our approach with evident excitement.

"Looks like it," I replied. I had given the order for its construction largely for practical reasons. Norland was becoming an increasingly popular center of trade, and a lighthouse was a practical building. What I hadn't expected was for it to be considered one of the notable buildings that counted to my final Grand Quest -- Founding a City. I had been a little puzzled when some weeks ago, the three notable buildings went up to four, and I hadn't been understood why.

Now, seeing the lighthouse that stood high, taller than even my library, I understood why.

All that was left was to complete the final building, I thought, thinking of the quest.

Quest: Founding a city.
Objectives:
Population: 38,566/25,000
Wealth: 695,800/100,000
Military Power: 11,000/10,000
Notable Buildings: 4/5

Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Trait: City Builder. 3 Stewardship Perks. 1 Diplomacy Perk.​

I hadn't intended for it, but I had gathered several times over the wealth the quest required. And that was after distributing what we had taken from the Umayyads. With military power trickling over the threshold as walls were completed and orphans were trained, ready to guard the walls of their home.

As we sailed into the habor, cleared of ships so we could arrive, my gaze drifted over the chosen site of my final notable building to complete the quest. But, as we arrived, I had more important things to focus on.

"Father! You're back! Finally!" Ragnar nearly knocked me into the sea, half tackling me with a hug as he ran down the dock. It felt like just yesterday he was so young he couldn't even talk, but now he was running all over the place.

"I am," I said, lifting him up by his tunic and carrying him against my side. "With treasures and stories to tell!" I said with a laugh, walking down the dock as I spied my wives, betrothed, and lover. Though the latter had chosen to arrive as a bird, thinking herself above such petty displays. Morrigan wasn't nearly as subtle as she thought she was.

"Husband," Astrid greeted me as I walked down the dock, cupping my cheeks and kissing me lightly. "Word has already reached us of your deeds. The greatest raid in the history of our people. Wealth beyond imagination. The humiliation of the Christian King who massacred our people and desecrated our holy sites. Welcome home," she said, and the crowd of people let out a loud cheer.

I just chuckled at the sound, "Laying it on a little thick, hm?"

"Silence, you," Astrid said, giving me a sly grin as she subtly gave me a pinch. I accepted it all the same, taking her in my arms as I was welcomed in turn by Jill, and our child.

Battle was a glorious thing, I knew, but home had it's own special appeal.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:mohsin, Andell, Eerrw and 781 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 8, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Legacy New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,704
"Father, what are they building?" Ragnar asked me, seated upon a slab of marble with his legs kicking back and forth endlessly. He pointed out to the construction crew that were assembling the pieces.

"It's called a water wheel," I answered dutifully as I chiseled away at a stone statue. After more than a year, the hesitation had left my strikes when it came to shearing off stone. My current project was one I had only begun a week earlier, but it was already rapidly nearing completion as I brought out the woman lurking in the stone.

"Why?" Ragnar asked, watching the construction crew connect the outer water wheel to a building. By necessity, it was a tall one, standing three floors tall. Yet, the only room was the one at the top. The water wheel, likewise, was connected to a small aqueduct and a water break. It was all carefully measured, using the build of pressure from the weight of the water to channel the off flow perfectly from the aqueduct to the water wheel.

"Because a very smart Roman figured out that if you use the current of a river, you can use it to push the wheel to make it turn. Hence, like a wagon wheel, it's called a water wheel." Within the building was the mechanism that allowed the room to turn. It was both complicated and simple -- essentially, the room turned by the weight of the water moving around within it. Small reservoirs within it would fill up, using that weight and force of the water to complete a turn. Once the motion was done, the water would then flow to another reservoir that filled up to complete another motion.

Repeat it enough times and the motion would be a complete circle.

"The one I'm using is a very different design, but the principle is still the same. I'm using force and pressure to create thrust. In this case, a spinning motion." I continued, changing my tools for more precise chisels.

"Why?"

"Why does the room spin or why are the principles the same?" I asked, doing the detail work rapidly. As my confidence with sculpting grew, I found that I was having to create my own tools to get the detail work just right. The folds of fabric, the curls of hair, the creases and curves -- little things that brought a statue to life.

"Umm… Why does the room spin?" Ragnar decided.

"While the water gives the force to spin the room, the top floor is divided into two parts. The bottom layer is a track filled with bearings while the top layer is the floor of the room. As the water moves, the top layer spins, using the bearings to spread out the weight and to make sure the spin is smooth." I replied, working my way down the statue at a rapid pace, each strike confident and sure. "The spin itself will be pretty slow, however. It'll rotate once per day."

I waited for a moment, expecting the inevitable 'why', as it had rapidly become Ragnar's favorite word. When it didn't come, I glanced over my shoulder at him to see that he was staring at the statue. He pointed at her with a stubby finger, "She looks like other mother."

Other mother could be Jill, Morrigan, or Jasmine. In this case, however, he likely met Jill. "That's because I'm using Jill's likeness for this statue. It's not of her -- it's of a Roman philosopher, mathematician, and astronomer Hypatia. I don't really know what she looked like, so I made her look like Jill."

"Why?" There it was.

I considered this one, however, for a moment. There were a couple of reasons, but if I gave them, Ragnar would ask me 'Why' about things that I wouldn't know how to explain or want to explain. Hypatia was a woman philosopher who was murdered in such a brutal fashion that, centuries later, she was still remembered. During the rise of Christianity, when the pagan gods of Rome were being pushed away, a Christian mob ripped her from her chariot and then tore her apart before burning what was left of her body.

It was a tragedy but hardly the greatest in the world. What made Hypatia special was how, in the years since, people have used her murder. In a tense time during the Roman Empire, she was used as a mouthpiece for both sides of the issue of Hellinism vs. Christianity. Honestly, what I read of her told me more about the author than it did of Hypatia herself.

A sad thing for a longstanding dedicated scholar.

"Because she was a woman worthy of respect," I answered. The statue of Hypatia was one of several that I was making. I planned on a dozen of them, each set around the spinning room, placed at the base of arches that would open to balconies.

"No, why did you make her look like other mother?" Ragnar clarified and I realized I didn't need to put so much thought into it.

"Because Hypatia was said to have been very pretty, like Jill," I replied with a chuckle. Ragnar hummed, sounding as if he was giving this answer a particularly great deal of consideration.

"Can I help?" He asked, and…

"Of course," I agreed, reaching out and grabbing him by the back of his tunic and setting him down on the ground. "I'll hold the chisel, okay? You swing the hammer," I said, dropping to a knee and passing the hammer to my son, who had to use both hands to lift it. He was going to hit the chisel with far too much force, but I could control how much he took off-

That was my assumption, at least. What I didn't expect was that when Ragnar took a swing at the chisel, he'd miss entirely and strike the statue directly. I blinked, looking at where a small chunk of the statue was broken off near the base. Ragnar immediately went still, his eyes widening, and he threw down the hammer as if it had betrayed him.

"Sorry! Sorry!" Ragnar cried out, his voice thick with emotion, on the verge of tears. "I didn't mean to hurt it!"

I placed a reassuring hand on his back, "You made a mistake, Ragnar. It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes." I told him soothingly, picking up the hammer and pressing it back into his hands. "What's important about making mistakes isn't that you made them. It's that you fix them." Not every mistake could be so easily amended, but that wasn't the lesson I wanted to impart right now.

Heastiantly, Ragnar took the hammer once more, looking at me for guidance. I gave him a small nod and, this time, his hammer struck the chisel. The rough rock started to chip away, the excess force behind the blows halted at my grip, so the impact was controlled. Slowly, the rough patch of stone was smoothed away, becoming a deep fold in the dress of Hypatia. The placement was a little unnatural, but I could clean that up later.

Ragnar, still a young boy, was huffing and puffing by the time we were done, but he still diligently corrected his mistake. Even if I had to stop him from taking another chunk out of the statue a half dozen times. But, by the end, the stone had been smoothed over once more. "Well done," I praised him, patting him on the back as I took the hammer from him before making one small addition to the back of the statue.

My son blinked at the carved rune and pointed at it, "That's my name."

"You helped me with this statue, so you deserve some credit," I said, adding his name next to mine. That got a boyish smile out of him before he raised his arms, telling me he wanted to be picked up. I set my tools aside and lifted him, thinking that it would be best to work on the statue some other time. "This statue, as long as it endures, is part of your legacy."

"Why?"

I chuckled at the question, moving on to overlook as the waterwheel was being hammered into place. Structural Analysis told me that it should work. When combined with Stimulation, I saw that it worked. But, there was a knot of worry in my chest that it would fall apart or break. Out of everything I had built -- from statues to Norland itself, this was my most ambitious project. I was recreating the pinnacle of Roman engineering, something that the Romans themselves were unable to recreate.

"We all shall die one day. Myself. Your mother, and other mothers. Your siblings. And you, too, shall die," I told him, one of the engineers looking over to me, asking for permission. I gave them a small nod. They removed the water block, allowing water to flow down the aqueduct into the waterwheel that began to spin, siphoning the water into the reservoirs inside. "We all have our chosen day. The Norns who decided our fate will one day cut the threads of our lives in the tapestry of the world."

The water flowed, and nothing had broken. But, there was only one way to see if it was working. Carrying Ragnar to my side, I climbed the stairs that were set around the building, speaking quietly to my son as I did. "Our legacy, in the end, is what we leave behind. A legacy is the only part of a man, or woman, that can endure the test of time." As I said as much, I walked by the names of the men and women who worked on the building.

I was inspired by the story Hadi told me, which described how the builders of the Pyramids would be immortalized for their aid in the construction of such a monument. I sought to replicate it.

Reaching the top of the stairs, I saw the room itself. The floor was a tiled mosaic, a bright palette of vibrant colors depicting my fleet arriving to the grand city of Constantinople. The room itself was separated by an inner and outer ring. The outer was solid, apart of the main building itself, and did not move. That was where the statues would be placed while the inner ring was smaller. Lounge chairs were arranged, as were low tables. It wasn't complete yet, but it soon would be.

"A legacy is defined by your actions, Ragnar. What you do. What you create. What you destroy. Who you help and who you conquer. Who you are kind to and who suffers your cruelty. All of it defines what your legacy shall be, and it is by your legacy how people shall remember you," I told him, looking out at the ocean. The spot for the spinning room was chosen largely because of its view. At one point of the day, I could have a good view of the sea, and at another, I could gaze out into the harbor, and at another, there was the city itself.

A slight smile tugged at my lips as I realized the room was moving. It was slow, but evident.

I had done it. I created the spinning room.

Quest: Founding a city.
Objectives:
Population: 40,132/25,000
Wealth: 838,100/100,000
Military Power: 14,000/10,000
Notable Buildings: 5/5


Reward: 1,000 Prestige. Trait: City Builder. 3 Stewardship Perks. 1 Diplomacy Perk.​

I allowed the rewards of the last Grand Quest I received near the start of my stay in Rome to wash over me. The thousand Prestige was useful, and it added to my growing reserves for more Blessings or to further enhance my own Prowess, thanks to Gram. The Perks were very welcomed as I swiftly made my decisions.

Ore Wealth: Reveals the location of ore deposits lurking beneath the surface. Details type of ore, as well as depths up to 1,000 feet underground.

Mineral Wealth: Reveals the location of mineral deposits lurking beneath the surface. Details type of ore, as well as depths up to 1,000 feet underground.

District Planner: City planning can be a difficult task with many things only being revealed in hindsight. With District Planner, the user can visualize exactly where something should go to prevent messy complications, such as putting the blacksmith too close to housing.

However, information is determined by data user inputs.

I immediately chose the three Stewardship perks. Ever since I received the Boon of my Map, I have used it to great effect. With Earth Wealth, which informed me of soil fertility, I could effectively develop villages throughout Crete. Expanding Map's ability even further by finding deposits of ore and minerals? In addition to District Planner, which showed me the optimal development of a village, town, or city? The combination was a powerful one. An exceptional tool to use once I become king.

The Diplomacy perk I chose was a less obvious pick.

Well Groomed: You will never have to worry about white teeth, combing your hair, or how you smell. Your grooming needs will never be a cause for concern in any shape or fashion.

I had passed over the perk as a boy, back before I saw a use for such things. When I didn't understand what it meant to be a leader. Then, I thought that the only thing that really mattered was my ability to fight. My success in battle and the spoils taken. But, in the end, while those things did matter, they were only a portion of what a leader was. Appearances mattered. More than they should, honestly, but it was an undeniable truth.

Taking in a deep breath, I opened my eyes and gazed out at Norland, looking at it through the lens of my new Trait -- City Builder.

Happiness: 70%
Quality of life: 6/10
Population: 40,132
Population growth: 10% increase per year
Wealth: 838,100
Security: 85% per pop
Education: 35% per pop
Religion: 35% Norse Paganism, 20% Christian, 15% Muslim, 25% Jewish, 5% Other

The information was broken down for me using percentages, and it could be broken down further with categories. Security and Education were on a sliding scale, determined by how large the population was in comparison to the dedicated security force and places of learning I had.

Likewise, Wealth and Population Growth were broken down into factors like trade, personal wealth, and expenditure. Or, for population growth, breaking down reasons for migration to the city, how many people were having children, also how many people were leaving the city, or dying.

The most important factors, to me, were Happiness and Religion. Largely because they seemed largely interwoven, the greatest source of discontent in the city was the presence of other religions. This, in turn, impacted the quality of life the average citizen had because some of them felt oppressed that they couldn't mercilessly slaughter what they deemed heathens. Beyond that, there was the general grievances -- noise pollution, hard labor, and so on. I also got to see what boosted them, such as the bathhouses, cheap ale, and plenty of work to make money.

Ragnar pointed out at the city, "Is that a legacy?"

"It's part of it," I agreed, mulling over the revelations that City Builder gave me. I had no idea that there were so many Jewish people in Norland. The spread of religions was far more even than I expected. I also expected that we would have more muslims, but they were a distinct minority. "You're part of that legacy too. As your children will be part of yours."

I could tell that he didn't really understand, but that was fine. He was just a boy, not even three years old yet, though that day was soon fast approaching. He had plenty of time to learn, as I had plenty of time to teach him.

…

In the months following the Great Raid, time moved swiftly and slowly. There were a thousand and one little things to do in the long preparations for our return journey to Denmark. Ships needed their hulls cleaned and repaired, my soldiers' training was increased in preparation for war in Denmark, and we slowly began extracting ourselves from Rome. It was a slow process, and it was slower still with remaining loose ends such as Greek Fire, Kiev, and more.

We weren't leaving this year, but we were preparing for it. It felt like we both had far too much time to prepare for our departure while simultaneously not nearly enough.

"Another tireless night, is it, hm?" Morrigan announced herself as I paused my whittling, the carving knife pausing for just a moment, before I continued through with the motion.

"Seems so," I admitted. Minor Regeneration had a side effect that I hadn't expected -- as my body was constantly being refreshed, I found that I didn't need as much sleep. Not even half as much. So long as I got a few hours every other day, I felt perfectly refreshed. It was an unintended benefit when I chose the Boon, but a welcome one. "What brings you to the Library?"

"My missing children," Morrigan answered, cocking an eyebrow in my direction, prompting me to look down at Scáthach and Aífe, the two sleeping in my lap. They looked as if they both had fallen asleep in the middle of combat with Scáthach kicking Aífe's face, and Aífe returning the favor while passing out as she had been chewing Scáthach's foot. Considering the legendary figures they were named after…

"Oh. They were being fussy, and I didn't want them to wake Magnus," I offered an explanation. All of my children were being raised together, something that Morrigan had offered a degree of resistance against, but swiftly folded.

"T'is good that at least someone is getting the rest they require," Morrigan remarked idly, approaching me before taking a seat next to me on the floor. I couldn't sit at a table due to my daughters' insistence on flinging themselves from every single elevated surface that they could find, so I sat against a bookshelf. Morrigan sat at my side, and in a rare display of open affection, she leaned her head against my shoulder.

A hand smoothed the red hair from Scáthach's face, making the girl's face pinch and lash out blindly with a fist, even as she slumbered. Morrigan's lips twitched. "These few years have been kind to us," she decided.

"Aye, they have been," I agreed. "Our stay in these lands was not what I envisioned, but I'm thankful all the same."

"Then you are resolute, then? To return?" Morrigan asked as I continued whittling. It was a caravel. One that could be broken into pieces to reveal the inner parts of the ship. It would be a good reference when it came to constructing the real thing.

"I am. The last true thing I'm waiting on is Tazates to give me the recipe for Greek Fire," I admitted. That, and the official marriage between myself and Jasmine. It would be a dual marriage as Hoffer also consented to take an Abbasid wife to help secure the alliance. "By this time next year, I expect us to be back in our homeland."

It had been three months since the Great Raid. The season was poor for travel, so we would winter in this country once more before setting sail come spring. We'd go the-

"Flemeth visited me in a dream," Morrigan informed, making every thought come to a screeching halt. Flemeth. Her mother. The wise woman that my father brought me to as a boy when he questioned my strangeness. "T'is not the first time, but this time was different. She had a message for me to give to you." What did she mean, it wasn't the first time?

"... What would this message be?" I asked, not entirely sure I desired the answer.

"That wolf awaits you in Norway," Morrigan said in a low tone, a hand going to my arm ring. The same arm ring that I swore an oath on, surrounded by the destruction of my home -- that I would not return to Denmark until I had slain the wolf that had given me the scar upon my neck.

I had seen it once since then, during my duel with Grimar. An arbiter of the gods, as far as I could tell.

And now the last challenge in my way before I could claim the crown.

"Good," I decided. "I was worried that I'd have to hunt it down." There was some trepidation at the thought of fighting such a beast. I've come close to death many times since, but none had been closer than when that wolf bit down on my neck. I had taken its eye as recompense, with both of us just barely surviving with our lives.

But I was very different from the boy who fought it before. I had accepted every challenge from the gods and I overcame them, and I had to believe that this time would be no different.

Morrigan relaxed ever so slightly against me, betraying how worried she had been. "You still might, fool. T'is not like Flemeth told me where he is waiting for you."

I chuckled, "True. Still, it is better than hunting him across Saxony where I last saw him, only for him to not be there."

"Speaking of wild chases, I have heard of one in Hispania," Morrigan informed, far more relaxed now. "It seems that Hadi has led Charlemagne on a great one. There are rumors that three of his Paladins are dead."

That made a breath lodge in my throat. In the months since the Great Raid, I had kept a close eye on the events of Hispania. Partly because I had a personal investment in the outcome, and partly because I was curious what my actions set in motion.

Abd al-Rahman had surprised me a bit. He lost another battle against Charlemagne in the weeks following his initial loss, but he had yet to be defeated. The dual invasion seemed to inspire a fervor in his people that he took hold of, shedding a great many of his numbers and maintaining a core force of some five thousand men. From what I heard, he used them to great effect.

He did not fight in pitched battles. He wielded the army a great deal like I had in Francia -- attacking vulnerable locations, burning supplies, and making the occupation of his Caliphate as painful as he could possibly make it. Though, from what I understood, these tactics weren't as effective on Hadi. It would seem he learned how to hide his supply lines after his experience with me.

"Which ones? How?" I asked, finding myself surprised.

"It would seem Hadi had put a great deal of thought into how he would kill you and used that on the Paladins," Morrigan mused, and I could hear the smirk in her voice. "The details aren't yet clear, but what is, is that Hadi clashed with Charlemagne. Hadi gave a false retreat of some kind, which overextended Charlemagne's forces. He then closed the noose, isolated them, and overwhelmed them with numbers."

There was a small pang of worry that Astolfo was dead. That would be a great shame. I could only hope that the ones dead weren't any of the Paladins I knew.

"Has Charlemagne retreated?" I wondered, knowing that the loss of three Paladins would be a harsh blow, if the rumors were true. Our way of granting Blessings was similar, though different in key aspects, but the loss of one of my Chosen would hamper my army severely. His Paladins, unlike my Chosen, were blessed with supernatural prowess whereas my Chosen gained otherworldly abilities that aided in the overall battle.

"Too early to tell. I don't know the scale of the defeat either. But, at most, I expect him to return to conquered lands to lick his wounds. He wouldn't so easily give up," Morrigan reassured. Meaning that my plan to bog Charlemagne down in Hispania had worked. Unless he had been utterly crushed, he would be fighting in the area for years to come.

It was also clear that I underestimated Hadi. I would have liked to see it, but from the sounds of it, he used his experience fighting me to great effect. I was curious how much better he would fare if we had to battle once again. He never managed to defeat me, but he was an extremely frustrating enemy to face.

"Then Saxony shall be safe for a time," I agreed. My gambit worked. With luck, Hadi would keep winning and he'd push Charlemagne out of Hispania entirely over the years.

Morrigan hummed before a yawn escaped her. It would seem she found me as soon as she woke up from the dream. I didn't comment on it, simply waiting for her breathing to even out and deepen. I didn't have to wait long as she fell asleep in no time at all, leaving me to quietly carve my ship as I mulled over the developments in silence.

…

Some didn't miss the preparations for our departure. It was easy to see when you anticipated that we'd be true to our words and eventually leave. The selling of estates was a big clue for most. Which, naturally, caused a flood of people who desired to extract the last bit of use from us before we left. Michalis was one, still holding onto the hope that he could buy ownership of Norland from me.

I would let him, but he wouldn't keep it for long. As it was, after he reclaimed his titles and former lands in the wake of Michael's defeat, he proved he was exactly the kind of man I suspected him of. He broke his word to the merchant family that had taken him in, instead marrying a noble woman to secure his position. Upon his ascension, he effectively cut contact with us publicly, offering the barest of social necessities to ensure that he would get Norland.

Others, however, were far less expected.

"I thought you were dead," I admitted to a man brought to me. We met exactly once, but he had left an impression.

Krum the Fearsome stood before me, alive and whole. Surprising, really, considering the sheer number of dead at the Red Sea. "I nearly was," Krum confessed, his gaze flickering to Magnus, who I bounced on my knee while Jill sat next to me. Alim, the one who brought Krum to me, stood to the side. "I took three arrows that nearly claimed my life before I was dragged from the field. For months, I lay in a sick bed recovering. Once I grew strong enough, I went to fight for my people once more."

I had heard that there was unrest in Bulgaria, but it didn't matter much to me. It was to be expected, really. There was longstanding animosity between the Bulgarians and Romans that didn't simply vanish because of a few lost battles. It didn't help that the Romans were hardly gentle with their occupation.

"So you did," I acknowledge, my gaze sweeping over him. He was around my age, though a few years older. His appearance was rougher, an added scar clipping his lip. Before, he had the softness of a noble, even as a warrior, but now he had the air of a man that had gone hungry. That lived in harsh conditions to find that not only he could survive, but he could thrive.

"Before you defeated us, you said that you would have words with me. I am curious what those words might be," he said. That was a bluff. If that was his reason for being here, then he'd have come much sooner.

When Krum never approached me, I had shelved an idea. It was of no true loss, but it would have been convenient if the idea worked out. That idea was to help Bulgaria reassert itself, engulfing Kiev, and in exchange for financial help, Bulgaria ensured that the Deniper river continued to receive trade from the Abbasids via a trade port on the Black Sea near the Armenian mountains.

"It is too late for us to speak of what I planned," I admitted. "Seeing as you are here because the Bulgarian resistance is faltering." Krum's jaw tightened, telling me I was right on the mark. "You wouldn't be here otherwise." To lower himself to asking help from the man who defeated him and led to his nation's downfall.

"Then I have wasted a journey, then?" He questioned, a quiet anger leaking into his voice. Which told me that Jill's Blessing was in full effect on him.

"No, I didn't say that," I corrected. "Merely that the plan that I had can't work in current circumstances." That made some tension bleed out of him, giving him hope that he could receive what he was looking from me -- freedom for his people. That wasn't something I could really give him. Not in any meaningful way. Not with the time I had left in this land, nor without taking actions I'd rather not.

I only realized my foot stilled when Magnus started to whine, prompting me to continue, "I can offer you a choice, Krum the Fearsome. The first option is that I finance your efforts. A thousand talents to support your rebellion," I said, speaking openly.

Krum's eyes narrowed, "And what is the other path?" He knew as well as I did that money wasn't necessarily the issue. It could hire mercenaries.

"You do as I did," I told him. His eyes narrowed a fraction more before I continued, "I sailed across the world to learn from the Romans, seeking to take what made them great so I could bring it back to my homeland. To prepare to become a king over a nation. In the three years that I have been here, I have trained my army. I have secured great wealth. I have made far reaching alliances. All of it to ensure that when I returned, my victory would be certain."

That was the core of it, in the end. I'm certain Horrik made plans. I currently had one festering in my own army, two hundred men that he had sent as spies, with the ringleader being a certain black haired young man. Men that would be the dagger in my back should I be careless, but also a dagger I intended to wield against Horrik. However, no matter his plans or what alliances he made, I was certain that I would take the kingdom of Denmark.

Krum's expression pinched, "You wish me to come with you."

"I'm offering you the opportunity, yes," I agreed. "Gather your strength in Denmark. There will be fighting aplenty for you to hone yourself and your allies on. You'll earn wealth and experience. Then, when you believe yourself to be ready, or you learn of an opportunity, you will be prepared to cast off the Romans."

It wasn't what he wanted to hear, but he gave no outward show of it. "This is… an unexpected offer," he admitted. I think, under normal circumstances, he would have dismissed it out of hand. Yet, he was looking at an example of someone who used the method I spoke of and found great success with it. "A generous one, I think. What shall it cost?"

"An ally," I answered easily. "One who controls the Deniper, and one who maintains a reasonable tariff on trades ships come to and from the Black Sea."

There was a pregnant pause for a moment before Krum broke it, "May I have time to consider your offer?"

"Of course. My people shall set sail upon winter's end. It would be best if you could give me an answer by then," I told him and Krum inclined his head to me. With that, the Bulgarian commander left the spinning room, heading down the stairs.

Once he was gone, Jill looked at me, "Are you sure about that offer?"

"I am. I gain much if he succeeds and lose little if he fails," I said, shifting Magnus to Jill. She took our son, resting him against her as she watched me stand up. "He was defeated by us, but I don't consider that to be a demerit against him. Not when we were his enemies, and he was fighting against a distrustful ally."

Jill let out a small amused huff. I knew why. The statement was rather arrogant. But that didn't make it any less true. Few could have hoped to win in those circumstances. "If you see potential in him, then I will defer to your expertise. Regardless, it will be a Roman headache to deal with." I would admit that was part of my motivation. I doubt that a freed Bulgaria would be much of an ally for Hoffer's kingdom, not with Constantinople acting as the barrier to the Mediterranean and Black Sea, but there was something to be said about giving the Romans a lot of enemies to juggle so they couldn't focus on him.

So, if Krum did decide to come with me, I would give him the help he needed. If we were both lucky, his rebellion would be successful. If it wasn't, I would only lose money.

"Speaking of Roman headaches, we need to take your measurements again," Jill noted, eyeing me. "You've grown taller. Again."

I glanced down at my attire to find that my sleeves were a little short, falling just above my wrist. "Am I so poorly dressed it offends the Romans?" I asked, cocking an eyebrow. I wasn't sure if that was another part of Minor Regeneration or not. My father had always been a tall man, but I think I was growing larger than him and I was growing fast. It could be a natural growth spurt, or it could be the Boon.

"Not quite," Jill mused with a teasing smile. "I meant for your wedding clothes. I need to know how many yards of silk it's going to take to make you presentable." Ah, my wedding with Jasmine. That was another thing that was fast approaching.

"Yards?"

"You'll be dressed in their style. To help facilitate the wedding," Jill decided and I nodded, accepting the decision.

"Very well. I rather like their attire, so it suits me well," I reasoned, leaning against one of the balconies overlooking Norland. I would miss this view, I knew. But I was resolved to build greater ones in Denmark.

As I did, however, I saw a bird fast approaching our position -- Morrigan. The raven landed on a perched finger as I took a small slip of paper from its leg. Setting Morrigan aside, I unfurled the letter and read the text upon it.

Yet, the contents of the letter took a moment to sink in.

Long enough that Jill started to look worried, "Siegfried? What happened?"

I scratched at my jaw, considering the news for a second more. What it meant for us.

"Emperor Constantine the Sixth is dead," I answered, making Jill go still. I could see her coming to the exact same conclusion that I did. "And Irene has declared herself Empress due to a lack of a clear heir."

It would seem that we left Rome a little too late.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 780 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Forgotten Until Needed New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,757
I felt some sorrow for the child Emperor's death. I wasn't too familiar with the boy, but I was aware of him. Of how excitable he was at the chariot races. Of how he perked up at hearing stories. Of how, despite his crown, he was largely a normal boy. One who had the misfortune of having Irene as his mother, as it turned out.

Constantine was never going to be anything more than his mother's puppet. I'd suspected that since the beginning. Irene was too ambitious. She coveted power, influence, and control. And, in large part, I had delivered these things to her. In the eyes of her people, it was under her regency that the Abbasids were defeated, that they conquered Bulgaria, that Greece was brought back into the fold alongside Crete, and that iconoclasm was repealed with the iconoclast turned rebels being soundly defeated in the aftermath.

Over time, she had become less subtle about her bid for power. Minting coins in her image. Holding ceremonies in the place of her son. Issuing laws and repealing others. All powers that belonged to the Emperor. I saw it. Others saw it. There was some muttering about it, but in the end, Irene had enough successes under her belt that people looked the other way.

And now the young Emperor Constantine was dead. Reportedly from falling ill with a sudden bout of fever. One day he was hale and healthy, the next he was sick, and by the third day, he was dead.

There wasn't a shadow of a doubt in my mind that Irene had killed him. I didn't have any evidence to support the claim, but I didn't believe that he had suddenly fallen ill in the slightest. I couldn't, not when I knew the woman. I hadn't thought she would -- in the end, Constantine was still her son. Even if there wasn't any maternal love in her heart, then he was still her puppet. The reason why she possessed the power that she did. Stepping out of the shadows was a dangerous thing for her, especially by taking such drastic action.

"Were there any rumors of a conflict between them?" I asked, casting a glance at Morrigan, all of us in the spinning room.

"Nothing more than one would expect from a child becoming an adolescent," Morrigan answered, a certain tightness in her expression. She didn't doubt that Irene had killed her son either. "Petty demands for chariot races and dancing elephants. Wanting certain foods at all hours of the day. The kind of things that a parent might take a hand to their child over, not murder them."

Thorkell sat on one of the lounge chairs, cracking open a walnut with his hands and tossing the contents into the air to drop into his mouth. "But it is the kind of thing you'd kill a puppet over. Irene felt like she was losing control over him. In a couple more years, he'd reach his majority and wouldn't need a regent. With her popularity being at its height, I'm betting she thought it was better to do it sooner than later."

Astrid looked ill, "To murder your own son…" I couldn't imagine it any more than she could. I simply couldn't imagine myself ever slaying Ragnar, Magnus, Scáthach or Aífe. Much less to satisfy my own ambitions. I'd rather die.

Jill reached out and squeezed Astrid's hand reassuringly. Jasmine was silent, watching the conversation take place as her dark eyes flickered from person to person as they spoke.

It reminded me of how she'd acted when I spoke to her brother about her marriage to me. She watched, but never engaged with the conversation.

Hoffer picked up after Astrid. "It's disgusting, but the real question is… how does this affect us? Irene is our… tentative ally, yes?"

I hummed, my lips thinning. "We have been convenient to her," I corrected. "She used us to deflect ire that would have been directed at her. However, as far as she is aware, we are leaving now. She doesn't stand to benefit from being connected to us any longer. And given the targets she has painted on us for her own reputation and her populist policies…" She very well could try to chase us off merely for the sake of saying that she did.

My lips thinned, "It's nothing unexpected, but it is inconvenient. I had counted on being able to use the Denipier River to sail back to Denmark. If Irene is hostile to us come spring, then we will have to use the Gibraltar Strait instead. We'd be forced to sail by Hispania, as well as Francia, before we reached our lands. That would mean at least a month of sailing if we're lucky."

It would be an inconvenient journey but perhaps a useful one. I might not get a chance to Map the coastline of Francia again. At least, not anytime soon.

All of my commanders were looking at me. As were my wives. All waiting for a decision to be made, but I wasn't sure that there was a decision to make. I didn't want to force Irene's hand and make things more complicated than they needed to be. Likewise, I didn't want to react to whatever actions she might take.

A small sigh escaped me, "We wait. The Roman Empire is going to become our enemy regardless of what we do, but I would prefer to control the timing in which they become our enemy. Giving ourselves away before we're ready would only complicate our journey, as we wouldn't be able to go home for months anyway."

Astrid looked to me, "And what of Irene?" She wanted something done, I knew. There was a fiery, indignant anger in her that demanded justice for the unfortunate child.

I didn't want to disappoint her, but I would. "Whatever consequences Irene faces for the murder of her son, in this life or the next, will have nothing to do with us," I stated firmly. In the end, as sad as it was, the death of Constantine was not our problem to solve. We were strangers in this land, and I suspect we were guests who were wearing out our welcome. Getting involved with the succession was trouble that we didn't need.

Astrid scowled, but it was Jill who spoke, "And what if she asks us to intervene? If we came to this conclusion, there will be others who did as well. The Empire could face unrest that she would wish for us to quell."

I could admit that that was a very valid question. "As per our contract, we shall fight. But, I doubt that it will come to that. As we are leaving soon, Irene can no longer afford to rely solely on us. No, it would be more accurate to say that she'll want nothing to do with us. As far as she is concerned, we are a problem that will depart in a few months. It's in her best interest to let us."

Why create a problem when there didn't need to be one during what I'm guessing would be a difficult transition of power? Irene could try to chase us out, but that carried significant risk. Why bother when she could wait for us to leave and then simply say that she had driven us away? Irene was as ruthless as she was ambitious, but that didn't mean she was foolish.

"So, we do nothing," Astrid muttered unhappily. She didn't like it, but I knew she understood. The thought of it was just striking too close to home.

"Aye. We wait and, provided she does nothing foolish, do nothing," I agreed.

…​

The days following that discussion were tense. As predicted, there was sweeping unrest throughout the Empire, and rumors came alive. People were quick to assume that the Emperor had been poisoned, but they couldn't seem to agree on who did it. The culprits ranged from the Bulgarians to the Abbasids, to Iconoclasts, to the Franks, to the Jews, to myself.

True to form, almost as soon as the word of the Emperor's death reached them, the Christian citizens began attacking the Jews en masse. And, interestingly, I noticed that there was a harsh uptick in the number of Jewish migrants settling in Norland. I could only guess what this city's reputation was amongst their people, but they seemed to view it as a safe haven.

However, for all the wild theories, Irene herself was rarely accused, and those few who did make the accusation often found themselves violently attacked for the vicious slander. I couldn't respect how she did it, but I could acknowledge that Irene had executed her plan well. To the average person, it was unthinkable she'd go so far to secure the throne for herself.

Likewise, in the days and weeks following, Irene's ascension to the throne was… tolerated. She had her supporters in place ahead of time. Her detractors were quick to protest, but protesting was all they seemed to be doing. Perhaps there were slow moving intrigues against her in the court, but I wouldn't know.

As expected, we were left completely out of it. Morrigan and her network of merchants kept a hand on the pulse of the situation to make sure we weren't going to become a target, but while a number of people were shaking a fist in our direction, that's all they were doing. There was no action taken. As we prepared to depart from the Romans and their politics, we went ignored.

To the point that I didn't even receive an invitation to Irene's coronation as Empress of Rome. That, more than anything else, told me Irene's attitude towards us. We were useful when she needed us, but now she didn't. So now we were a problem that she was quietly hoping would go away come spring.

That suited me just fine. Better than fine, it was perfect. I had less than zero interest getting bogged down in Roman politics just as I was leaving. To that end, spring couldn't come fast enough for us to finally leave. Not to mention, it was hardly like I was lacking in things to do.

"Is this really the best use of your time?" Morrigan asked me as I was in the library, one of the more private rooms. She stood at the doorway, watching as I slowly shaved away a brightly colored pigment over a… I'm not entirely sure what it was, to be honest. It was pretty to look at, though -- interwoven geometrical shapes, a wide array of colors that were layered excellently. All of it formed with shavings from colored chalks.

The only other person in the room was the monk, Gyatso. A Buddhist monk that was sent to me by Caliph Harun.

A monk that I haven't been able to speak to, leaving me incapable of learning whatever wisdom he might have.

"Likely not," I agreed with her, working with Gyatso. I had taken to doing it over the months as I found that my lack of need for sleep had freed up a lot of time for me. The man had been with me for two years now, but it was difficult to have a conversation when you didn't share a language. I was starting to suspect that I was the subject of a prank, because Gyatso didn't speak Arabic. He didn't speak Greek or Latin. He didn't speak Egyptian or Persian. I'd even tried Germanic, Frankish, and Slavic. And he certainly didn't speak Norse.

I thought he might just be mute, so I had taken to learning how to read and write several of the languages in an attempt to communicate with the monk. He never reacted, so I wasn't even sure if he could read.

At some point, I had half given up and decided to finish the art project before sending a letter to Harun asking him how exactly I was supposed to communicate with the man. Because he hardly even acknowledged my existence. If he didn't sometimes correct the colors that I picked, I'd go as far as to say the man was outright ignoring me.

"Do you have a better use for my time?" I asked her, diligently working alongside the monk. We were almost done. The outline was already marked, so I just helped fill it in.

Morrigan shook her head, "Not at the moment, no. I do come bearing news, however," she said, and I perked up. It couldn't be urgent; otherwise, she wouldn't have bothered with the preamble. "The fighting has stilled in Hispania, for now at least. The Abbasids are consolidating control over the southern half of half while Charlemagne has laid claim to the north. The Umayyad Caliph has been raiding them both and inspiring rebellions where he can."

I hummed, "Then Charlemagne took the majority of the silver mines. It's not ideal, but it's not terrible. Hoffer will be able to pillage the area quite easily," I mused. Just as I'd wanted, the war would be a long and protracted one. The fighting would flare up and die down almost yearly given Charlemagne's habit of invading Hispania.

Especially after he'd learned the hard way to be cautious of Hadi -- the rumors had been confirmed to be mostly true, Hadi had indeed slain two Paladins with a third losing an arm. Who it was changed every time the tale was told, so it was impossible to tell who the three fallen Paladins were. But all of the Paladin's were peerless warriors, so the loss of any three was quite a blow to Charlemagne.

The fact that Abd al-Rahman was still active ensured that Hispania became exactly what I wanted it to be -- a quagmire for Charlemagne to sink endless resources into.

"Something for him to look forward to," Morrigan agreed. Hoffer had taken to focusing on building up his presence on Sardinia and the Balearic Islands, getting ready for a rapidly approaching future. "A pity he won't take Charlemagne's head while he's at it."

Charlemagne's wife had perished in childbirth some months ago, along with the child. He was my enemy, but I did feel some pity for his loss. "I'd be a bit disappointed if he did," I admitted, the last shavings falling into place. Standing up, I let out a small sigh as I looked down at the design.

Morrigan chuckled, "You don't do well with idleness. T'is a commendable trait, but one that'll likely drive you mad."

"Hm. There never seemed to be enough hours in the day, until there were suddenly too many," I agreed. I had completed my Grand Quests. I had no immediate goals. I still had my personal art projects, such as this one, but… I was used to always doing something. Struggling to accomplish everything I wanted in a given day. Now, I found I had eight extra hours most days with nothing to spend them on.

So, I looked down at the piece of art for a good long minute alongside Gyatso. The man clapped his hand together, silently offering a small prayer.

Then, with zero hesitation, he lifted the slate the design was on and tilted it, making the loose shavings slide right off. I went still, watching him casually destroy a work that had taken the better part of thirty hours. Setting the skate back down, he clasped his hands once more with a serene smile.

"A mandala is to be destroyed upon completion, as all things are temporary," Gyatso uttered in accented Norse.

I stared at him for a moment. "You speak Norse?" I wasn't even sure what I was feeling. Somewhere between bewildered disbelief, indignant fury, and genuine confusion.

"I learned your tongue, yes," Gyatso answered, a smile in his voice. "Around a year ago, I believe."

"Then… why…" I didn't even know what to say.

To that, Gyatso's smile widened, "You did not ask." He bowed his head to me before he promptly left the room, as if sensing my oncoming reaction.

I don't think anyone had ever managed to so utterly infuriate me in so little time with so few words.

Morrigan's laughter certainly didn't help.

…​

Not all of the projects that I worked on in the months leading up to our departure were so light hearted and without consequence. I found myself on a longship, watching as two ships faced one another. One was completely empty, while the other had a small crew of five men operating it, who double and triple checked everything.

"This test is unnecessary, my lord's word is as good as gold," the messenger said, a man who had introduced himself with the name of Hierocles.

"If that were true, then none of us would be here," I pointed out, gesturing to the open ocean around us without a ship in sight. I held up the letter that Hierocles delivered as damning evidence, "Your lord is the type of cretin that would sell his own mother to slavery if he thought it would suit his ambitions."

It had taken Tatzates years to uphold his end of the bargain, but at long last, he had. Upon the letter was step by step instructions on how to create Greek Fire, with Hierocles having helped steal the recipe. Which was why there was a second part of the letter written in Arabic that asked me to silence the man upon delivery. A danger of knowing too much, it would seem.

To that, Hierocles said nothing as the longship gave the signal that they were ready. Giving the nod to them, I leaned forward with Thorkell and Hoffer at my sides, the three of us watching the display intently.

Upon the longship was a newly added spigot, which was in turn connected to fuel. After lighting a torch at the end of the spigot, two men began to pump a bellows that saw a great gout of flame erupt from the spigot. Immediately, the heat of the flames washed over my face as the flames themselves washed over a derelict fishing boat.

It was exactly as I remembered it. The flames clung to the boat, not merely burning the wood, but sticking to it as it burned. A thick viscous fluid is what allowed the flames to stick to a target, ensuring that they burned to cinders. The liquid floated on water, which turned the waves into a danger as even if the flames missed, a ship could sail through them in an attempt to flee.

I was surprised, honestly. "I thought he would have cheated me," I admitted to Thorkell and Hoffer, with the latter looking at the flames hungrily. I really had fully expected him to give me a fake recipe.

"As I said, my lord is honorable," Hierocles said, trying and failing to keep the relief out of his voice that Tatzates had given me the real recipe for Greek Fire.

Holding up a hand, I gave the order for the display to come to an end. The men on the ship responded -- first, they threw heavy stones off the side of their ship, which had both ensured the fishing boat didn't drift too far, but tore off patches to the hull. Instantly, the fishing vessel started to take on water, drifting down beneath the waves and leaving only a rising puff of smoke to mark that it had been there at all.

The fireship then tossed the barrels of Greek Fire overboard, also weighted with heavy stones, removing all evidence that we had the substance in the first place.

"How did you get your hands on this? It is no small feat," I said, looking at the man, thinking of what I should do with him. I would likely kill him to keep this secret. It would stain my hands with murder, but I would do it as this was a secret worth killing over.

"I… am an alchemist," the reedy man answered, shifting where he stood. "I… he…"

I tilted my head, reconsidering him. "You didn't steal it," my accusation was half a guess, but it was rewarded with a telling flinch. "Neither did Tatzates. You recreated it."

Hierocles offered a small nod, wringing his ink stained hands together as his gaze nervously flickered between the three of us. "The secrecy around Greek fire is… insurmountable, my lord. As it must be. Only three men in the whole empire know its secrets, and none of them can name the others. The workers that produce it are all killed after every batch, and they only produce it in far off hidden locations. Lord Tatzates learning even a few ingredients of the recipe was… unexpected."

Thorkell snorted, "So, he did try to cheat you." It would seem his efforts to learn Greek had come a long way.

"No… not in so many words," I said, tilting my head as I realized the scope of the deception. "I never witnessed true Greek Fire. That day against the pirates… that was your replica, wasn't it?"

Hierocles seemed a bit surprised by my deduction and managed to nod swiftly, "It was, my lord. I have been developing a recipe to recreate Greek Fire for… twenty years now, beginning under Lord Tatzates' father." I mulled the revelation over -- it wasn't a surprise that I wasn't the only one who saw incredible value in the weapon. The Romans guarded it so zealously for good reason. With but a few barrels, we nearly drove off the Abbasid fleet.

It was only natural to covet it. It was a catastrophic weapon like no other, especially if used on an unsuspecting enemy.

However, one thing stood out to me.

"Then why such a delay in delivering the recipe to me?" I asked, suspicious.

"My lord didn't want to risk you using our creation against him," Hierocles explained easily, and that did make a great deal of sense. I wouldn't want my enemies to have Greek Fire either. "But he sees your sincerity about your intentions to return to your homeland. As well as… my lord finds the venture… too risky to continue. Since your admission to Empress Irene, my lord has found himself under suspicion of stealing a cask of Greek Fire."

And that explained why Tatzates wanted him dead. "I see. You have been forthright with me, so I shall return the favor -- Tatzates has instructed me to kill you," I said, making the man pale. However, he didn't seem too shocked. He must have suspected it on some level. "Despite what you must have heard about me and my people, I am no murderer. So, I shall offer you this choice -- we can give you a dignified death, or… you can apply your talents as an alchemist for me and my people."

Hierocles, to his credit, didn't hesitate. "I would like to live, my lord…"

The man struck me as a cowardly one. One that would do whatever it took to survive. I couldn't trust him, I decided in that moment.

But I didn't need to trust him to use him.

"Good. As far as Tatzates shall be aware, you died here and your body was released into the sea. Naturally, this will mean you must remain hidden while we remain in Rome. Is that understood?" I asked, earning a small jerked nod. Then, looking at Thorkell, I spoke in Norse, "Watch him carefully. He will try to run at least once."

Thorkell nodded as I sounded off the order to return to Norland. As we set sail, Hoffer continued to look at where the ship was destroyed, at the traces of flame that still lingered on the water. "It is a powerful weapon," I remarked to him. "But a dangerous one. The more you use it, the greater the chance your enemy steals it from you. The more people that know a secret, the greater the chance it shall spill into unwelcome ears. The Romans understand this."

Hoffer understood my meaning, even as his jaw tightened.

This wasn't a weapon I could give him. The risks were simply too great. Greek Fire was a weapon to use when you had to, not when it was convenient.

He blew out a sigh, "You are right. I'm letting my greed get the best of me," he said, but his heart wasn't really in it as he watched the last flames fade away, leaving behind only the waves of the sea.

Hoffer was a bit sullen on the trip back, but the rest of us were in high spirits. It wasn't true Greek Fire, but it was still a powerful weapon. Exceptionally deadly if used correctly. We sailed into Norland, returning under the guise of patrolling, with no one the wiser that we now possessed such a dangerous weapon.

Thorkell took Hierocles, hiding him away. There was a lingering tension that the secret caused, but as days passed, it bled away as nothing happened.

Life returned to normal once more as I busied myself with preparations of all kinds, such as tallying who would be leaving with us. I had a very rough idea of the number, but for such a journey, we needed specifics. Especially if we were to leave through the Gibraltar Strait, as the amount of supplies we would need would drastically increase.

In the months leading up to our departure, a census of sorts was conducted throughout Norland, the Balearic Islands, and gauging general interest in Rome and the Abbasid Caliphate. We had people asking the citizens if they would like to return to Denmark with us, and if they did, who or what would they bring with them? We possessed hundreds of longships and a myriad of other sea vessels, so it was not as if we were short on space.

That was my thinking until I received the report.

"Forty thousand people?" I echoed, feeling… stunned as I stood on a stool with a tailor finalizing the article of clothing that was draped around me. It was of the Abbasid style -- the base of the robe was a dark red with black and gold silk thread creating elaborate patterns across its entirety. The robe went over a tunic, which was colored black, as were the trousers that I wore. A bright red sash held the outfit together that looped around my waist, in which Gram was sheathed.

I was growing fond of the Abbasid clothing, but I found that I couldn't even pay attention to the rich clothing as Jill and Jasmine delivered the news.

"Marriage is the most guilty culprit," Jill said, seated on a lounging chair. "Men of our people have taken wives here. They've had children. With their families, at the very least, we will be returning with ten thousand people. Of that ten thousand, there are four thousand local wives or husbands, with the remainder being children."

I was aware of that. Thorkell wasn't the only one who appreciated the women of these lands. Over the past few years, many warriors had taken wives, some through romance and others through conquest. After all, every single one of my warriors was considered wealthy, and pagans or not, that made them suitable husbands or wives to many. They'd then had children, some of whom were older than Ragnar. That wasn't really surprising and I had prepared for that much.

"And the other thirty thousand?" I stressed, my lips thinning as I immediately ran into logistical issues. That wasn't a small number of people. Counting my ten thousand warriors, I would be returning to Denmark with fifty thousand people.

"The Great Raid has changed people's perception of you," Jasmine answered. "To a degree. To Christians, you felled a great Muslim nation. To the Muslims, you destroyed the last holdout of a tyrannical regime."

"There's also the fact that as far as anyone can tell, everyone who follows you becomes unimaginably rich," Jill added, making Jasmine's lips twitch beneath her veil.

"That certainly helps," Jasmine agreed.

"The point is… being a pagan is less of a detractor than it once was," Jill continued. "We can cut the number down a great deal by making conversions mandatory, but that has its own issues. Especially considering… well, the Jewish population is the second biggest offender. Eight thousand of them have requested to join us." Meaning that there was still twenty-two thousand general migrants coming with us, and that alone was my original upper estimate.

Of that twenty-two thousand, there were perhaps five thousand that were the skilled craftsmen and learned men I had collected. Eighteen thousand would be the orphans and average people who saw us as a potential future, along with their families.

"Set up a meeting with their leaders -- I need to learn what motivates them," I decided, not wholly against the idea of them coming, but I could hardly allow what amounted to an army into what would be my kingdom so carelessly. To my knowledge, the Jews were largely learned men, who leaned to financial lines of work as their religion had no laws against the lending of money, as the Christians and Muslims did.

I wasn't sure how lending money made it unclean, or dirtied the one who lent it. That, I suspected, was just the frustration of men in debt, angered that they couldn't pay those debts.

"For now, we shall act with the belief that we will take all forty thousand," I continued. "I would rather be over prepared than under in this. No matter what, it shall be a long journey and I wish to be fully prepared for it. If nothing else, we need to rethink how we will return -- we lack the ships for so many, unless we were to take some from Hoffer." And the troubles wouldn't stop at journeys end. Settling forty thousand men and women would be a challenge in itself. One that I had to prepare for well in advance because that was not a task that I could manage on a whim.

"I figured as much, and have prepared for both," Jasmine said, smiling back at my grateful look. "I would recommend learning Hebrew before your meeting. Such a gesture would go a very long way."

I nodded in agreement, deciding it would be the next language I tackled. I had already mastered Persian and Egyptian, and when I stopped being annoyed with Gyatso, I intended to learn a language called Mandarin, along with one of the Indian languages that Gyatso knew. "Aye, I shall do that," I agreed before I paused for a moment. "Any word of Krum? If he comes, then I doubt he will do so alone."

"He hasn't made a decision yet, but Morrigan says that he is back in Bulgaria. I suspect he'll only decide at the last minute what to do," Jill ventured.

"It's not an easy thing to do… leaving your home," Jasmine agreed, a small sigh in her voice. Jill gave her a sad look, but Jasmine swiftly recovered. "But I think it is likely that he will come with us. He has fought the Romans. He understands their strengths, and he now knows how strong he will have to be to liberate his people."

"Well said," I agreed. "In that case, we shall act with the assumption he will join us and prepare accordingly." With that decided, the tailor stepped away from me, allowing me to present myself to my second wife and my betrothed. Jill nodded approvingly while Jasmine's eyes shone with approval.

"The clothes of my people suit you," Jasmine acknowledged.

"I'm rather fond of them," I agreed. They were surprisingly warm, too, as I learned during my talks with Harun. The arid lands of the Abbasids had shockingly cold nights in harsh contrast to the heat of the day. "With a few adjustments, I think they could serve us well in Denmark." The cloth would need to be thicker, and furs would likely be implemented, but that was hardly an issue. Mostly, I think it would be good for Jasmine to see little pieces of her home in her surroundings.

Jasmine did seem thankful for what I was proposing, but before she could respond, a messenger knocked at the door. Calling for them to enter, I saw a somewhat nervous looking messenger step inside the spinning room. True Sight didn't mark him as an enemy, so I could only hazard a guess to what he was so nervous about.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed… a Roman carrying a message from Empress Irene has arrived for you," he informed, dropping to a knee. "He shall be here shortly to deliver it."

I swallowed a loud sigh as a knot of tension formed between my shoulders.

It would seem that the Roman Empress wanted something to do with me after all. I had a sinking suspicion that I wouldn't care for the conversation.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 767 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 22, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Grasping New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,803
I had hoped that things would be simple with my departure, but that wasn't the case. The Roman came and went, delivering Irene's message -- a invitation to attend her in Constantinople. An invitation that I couldn't refuse without consequence.

It was tempting to simply ignore the summons regardless. Extremely so. The only thing that held me back from ignoring the summons, and Irene, was one simple thing. An instruction to bring no less than five hundred of my greatest warriors with me to Constantinople.

"I don't like this," Astrid muttered to me as we made our farewells on the main dock in Norland's harbor, alongside the crowd of people who had come to see us off. "It feels like she's baiting you into a trap."

"I think there will likely be a trap, but I'm not so certain it's meant for me," I replied, glancing at the five longships that would carry me to the Empress, each manned with my best warriors as she instructed. My veterans, who had been with me since the beginning. "And if it is a trap for me, then Irene underestimates me severely." Irene clearly had a task in mind for me, and as my contract was not yet up, I was honorbound to at least hear her out.

Astrid frowned, her gaze drifting over me before she placed a hand on Gram at my waist, "If it is a trap, hold out for at least a day. We'll rescue you," she swore on Gram, and my lips curled into a smile.

"I'll do you one better -- if it is a trap, we'll fight our way to the gates, and we'll sack the city on the way out," I said, making Astrid grin. She pressed her lips to mine for a long moment, smiling into the kiss when Ragnar wretched.

Astrid broke it a second later, "In that case, I almost hope you're walking into a trap."

"So do I. I'd love to take their library with us," I replied, giving her a gentle smile before dropping to a knee before Ragnar. He was sullen, clearly not wanting me to go, but I had to. I placed a hand on his shoulder, "Until I return, you must protect your mother. She's likely to get herself into a mess of trouble unless you keep a close eye on her."

Ragnar offered a solemn nod while Astrid playfully flicked my ear. Standing up, Astrid passed me my helmet. "Come back to us, Siegfried." It wasn't a request or a plea.

"I plan to," I told her, giving her one last farewell, just as I did to the others. Astrid, as my first wife, had a ceremonial role to play in my departure, though it was usually reserved for when a warrior sailed off to war. Turning my back to them, I climbed onto my flagship and gave the order to set sail. In the crowd, I saw Jill, Jasmine, and even Morrigan. Yet, when a raven landed on my shoulder, I knew that Morrigan had decided to come with us.

Distance strained her power, I knew, but I also knew that her range had greatly increased in the time since she had first received the Blessing. Her presence was a reassurance as, despite my confidence, I was still unsure what exactly we were sailing into.

My first reaction to the summons was that Tatzates had told Irene that I had acquired Greek Fire. But that would only implicate himself. Then I thought she might know about our plans for the Mediterranean. Possible, but Hoffer was consolidating his strength in the Balearic Islands, so there shouldn't be anything to give him away. Then I wondered if Irene knew of my impending marriage to Jasmine. But, if that were the case, then why ask me to come with five hundred warriors?

I had no idea, and there seemed to be only one way to find out.

…​

The trip to Constantinople was a quick one, and I felt a little wistful as we approached the city. The first time I saw it, the ancient city was utterly overwhelming. It barely felt real, even as I gazed upon it. In the years since, the city, while still grand, became more mundane. The cracks began to show, the glamor stopped hiding the filthy streets, the shine couldn't hide the flaws. Now, three years later, I found that I was going to miss Constantinople regardless.

Flaws and all, it was still the greatest city in the world.

"No sign of an ambush," I noted as we sailed into the dock, our ships lightly thumping against the wood. We went ashore with practiced ease, and it was there that a familiar face was waiting to greet us.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed," Staurakios greeted me, not a trace of warmth to be found in his voice. Yet, True Sight did not mark him as an enemy, nor did it anyone on the surrounding dock.

"Staurakios," I replied, every bit as curtly as I approached. I knew I cut an impressive figure as I towered over the man. He barely came up to my chest now. I was clad in the armor of my design -- a padded gambeson underneath a suit of chainmail that covered my entire body, which was further clad with plate along my arms, legs, and chest. My nasal helm draped more chainmail over my face, protecting my neck, while a white wolf pelt was draped over my shoulders.

Gram rested easily in my belt, as did the two handaxes I had received as wedding gifts. A shield was in a gauntlet clad hand, and in the other was my dane-axe with a long spike jutting out the top to act as a spear.

The armor had had to be refitted no less than three times over the past couple of months. I almost wished I would stop growing soon.

"Her Imperial Majesty offers her welcome to our fair city once more," Staurakios said, offering a polite bow. Temporary lord or not, I was acknowledged nobility within Rome. "She asks that you attend her in the palace. If you would follow me?"

Offering a small curt nod, I led the formation of my men through the streets of Constantinople. There were people marked in red with True Sight, but as Morrigan had failed to inform me of any potential conspiracy between them, it seemed to be a mere personal dislike of us. We did make for quite a sight as we marched to the palace, though. Olek was rather fond of a saying that had more than proven its worth to me -- 'If you can't walk together, then you can't fight together.'

Though, naturally, my men couldn't come with me into the palace. As a courtesy, I was allowed three guards to accompany me into the palace itself. Despite my caution, I felt my guard starting to lower as this didn't seem to be what I feared it to be. We were led to a familiar greeting room where the doors swung open to reveal Irene.

She hadn't changed much, for the most part. She had always dressed the part of an Empress, so the only true change was that she wore her son's crown. The crown of the Emperor.

"Lord Wolf-Kissed, Siegfried, it is a blessing to see you once more," Irene began sweetly. And I could understand why no one wanted to believe she'd murdered her own son in cold blood in a bid for power. She was pretty and charming. "You have my gratitude for the swift arrival when I'm told you're quite busy preparing to leave our shores for the final time."

She wanted something. "Your thanks are welcome, but unneeded. I am yours to command for my stay in Rome, Empress Irene." I said, removing my helmet and dropping to a knee at the entrance of the greeting room. A few guards, but none in excess. While most of my weapons were taken, I still had Gram at my side.

I was right. This wasn't a trap. Not for me, at least.

"That is most reassuring to hear," Irene said while Staurakios walked around the table, and the servants holding obscene treasures. Interestingly, I didn't see Aetios. In the years since he bade me to conquer Greece in Rome's name, he had risen through the ranks. I couldn't claim credit for his rise -- I was the one who got him noticed, but everything since then was the result of his own actions. As far as I was aware, he and Staurakios were locked in a battle for the position of Irene's favorite advisor.

I found his absence suspicious.

"For," Irene continued, "I have need of you one last time."

"What may I do for you, Empress?" I asked, more curious than cautious. I was even a little amused at her insistence to get the last drop of use from me, even as I had been all but walking out the door.

"You are a longstanding enemy of the Frankish King Charlemagne, are you not?" She asked, though it wasn't truly a question.

I hadn't expected to hear his name from her. "I am, your majesty. Starting when I was a boy fighting in Saxony, I am largely credited for its successful rebellion. More recently, I humiliated him in Iberia by forcing him to pay a fee, else I would give his enemy an important advantage in a pivotal battle." I explained, and she nodded, a faint smile curling at her lips.

"Yes, that is what I have heard. Would it be safe to say that he is your enemy as well?" She asked, and that question was more prodding.

"It would be. Charlemagne massacred many of my people at Verdun in a gruesome display that violated a holy place. He has threatened to aid King Horrik, the man who murdered my father and brothers, and drove the rest of my family into hiding. I respect him as a king, but we are fated enemies. He will no more suffer my actions than I would his." I answered, starting to become cautious of where this was going.

That made her smile widen further. It was a calculated gesture, however, but it certainly made my mind begin to race. Was she coming into conflict with Francia?

"Then I believe that you shall enjoy this final task," Irene continued before she made a gesture, prompting Staurakios to explain just as my holes were starting to rise.

"King Charlemagne has proposed an alliance between Rome and Francia. No, it would be more precise to say that he intends to revive the Roman Empire to its previous glory," Staurakios declared, and I had to fight tooth and nail to keep my feelings off of my face. I almost hoped that I had somehow misheard him, but he dashed those hopes by continuing. "His Frankish kingdom shall act as the fallen western half of our empire. The details of such a momentous occasion are still being decided, which is what we require you for."

My first thought was that I knew with utmost certainty that the only worse news I had ever received in my life was learning what befell my family at Horrik's hands. And this was very close to how terrible that was.

My second thought was that this news might actually be worse than learning that my father and brothers had been murdered while the rest of my family had been branded outlaws by a man I had trusted.

My third thought was that perhaps it wasn't that bad, and so my final reaction was more… tempered.

"I will confess, I am at a loss for what you would need me for," I said, not being entirely honest, my guard slowly rising as I could think of a few things. There were few gifts that Charlemagne would treasure more than my head.

"Your presence shall be an insult to Charlemagne," Irene answered, her sharp gaze watching me, carefully considering my reaction. I didn't have to hide this one -- I tilted my head to the side ever so slightly. "The barbarian king wishes to style himself Roman when it was his ancestors that feasted upon the carcass of the western half of my empire. It shows that he has some sense, but he forgets himself."

That proved my third thought right -- this might not be as terrible as it had seemed.

"In every union, there is a greater and a lesser. One who is dominant and one who submits," Irene continued. "Charlemagne styles himself a conqueror. That he is the greater in this would-be alliance. While we entertain his offer, I intend to show him his place."

That was why it wasn't as terrible as it might seem. My mind raced as I considered the news, examining it from all angles. As both Irene and Charlemagne were both widowed, I suspected that they would seal the alliance with a marriage. Their marriage. With what I had seen of Charlemagne and Irene… That was a disastrous match. They were both too ambitious. Too ruthless. Too clever. Too proud. They'd scheme and plot against one another endlessly and likely wouldn't stop until the other was in the grave. Possibly at their hands.

But, they would hardly be the first royal couple that detested each other. It was just the first of many cracks I saw in this alliance. And the greatest.

The second greatest crack was I simply couldn't see this lasting. The Franks and Romans were extremely different people with very different cultures. The Romans would despise the idea of being ruled over by what they deemed to be a barbarian. Especially one from a kingdom that had swelled on the bones of what had been half of their empire. Likewise, the Franks would despise the idea of a foreign empress.

The third greatest crack, and it was a testament to how great the first two were that it was third -- there was a considerable distance between the borders of their empires. Their closest border was to the north, beyond the Bulgarians and Avars, beyond the Balkan tribes. Or, perhaps, if they reconquered Italia, up to the Alps. In either case, it would take a considerable expansion on both of their parts to share a border.

There were great and significant problems with this idea -- large glaring flaws that it was impossible that they hadn't noticed. However, both of them ignored those issues for a very simple reason.

Greed.

Irene desired to be the Empress who had restored Rome to its previous glories, to be a Restorer of the World, just as Emperor Aurelian was before her. Charlemagne, however, wanted legitimacy, the legacy. He didn't want to be a King of the Franks -- he wanted to be an Emperor of Rome.

The result was both of them trying to force this to work to get what they wanted out of it. Regardless of how feasible it was in the long term.

"I will admit, I am agreeable to the idea of tweaking Charlemagne's nose," I admitted. I didn't even have to lie about that. "Though, I am curious what exactly doing that will entail."

"Restraint on your part, I suspect," Staurakios idly remarked. "There shall be a conference in the city of Rome about the broader scope of the alliance, during which you shall attend as one of the Empress's personal guard, along with five hundred of your men. You shall be there both as a show of force, and a reminder of his humiliation."

Hm. The more that it was being explained to me, the more I understood. First, I understood what Staurakios and Irene both were thinking.

I wasn't a threat to them. To them, despite all of my victories, I couldn't hope to challenge the might of the Roman Empire. And soon, I would depart to a desolate kingdom far to the north and there, I would never enter their sight again. Part of that was their natural arrogance. Another part was how I had presented myself from the very beginning. I just didn't expect for them to underestimate me so severely.

I also understood why. And that was something I would have to consider.

A smile tugged at my lips, "That sounds like an order I'd most enjoy."

…​

Arrangements were made in short order for our departure. From what I gathered, my joining the procession seemed to be a last-minute decision. An impulsive snub. My men and I were quartered, I sent a letter back to Norland telling them where I would be and when to expect my return. Then, the next day, we set sail for Italia.

The trip was once again a short one, as we landed in Roman territory at the bottom of the landmass, and then began a long march to the actual city of Rome.

The city that gave birth to an empire.

Despite the circumstances, I was rather excited to visit the great city. I had seen it described in numerous texts, but I hadn't seen it for myself. It seemed unwise to visit when it was the seat of power for the Christian faith.

Over the night, I pondered the revelation of this attempt at restoring the Roman empire, wondering what it would mean for me and those who came after me. Many thoughts bounced around in my mind, and I doubted I would have been able to sleep even if I had felt the need. Possibilities, opportunities, risks, consequences -- all of them rushed to the fore as my thoughts jumped from one outcome to the next from late in the night to early in the morning.

It made me incredibly grateful that Morrigan was here with me, even in the form of a raven. "It all comes down to if the union will last," I mused, looking out at the sea as my ships slowed themselves to match the Roman fleet that carried their Empress. I was surprised that she would be going to Rome herself, but I suppose this was her way of checking the quality of a potential husband.

Morrigan brushed her beak against my finger and I swallowed a sigh. It would be easier if she could talk like this. Ravens could speak simple words, but I figured it'd be best to avoid doing that around the Christians. "Short term, this could be very good for us. But, if it lasts beyond a generation…"

That was the crux of the issue.

In the short term, this union could greatly benefit my people. Charlemagne was already dedicating a substantial army to Hispania. The Romans were occupying Bulgaria, but not without difficulty. The Romans would likely have to conquer up to the Franks, with the Franks sending lesser armies to aid them. That would likely delay a war with the Abbasids, but if it didn't, then Hoffer would be able to aid Harun. Possibly Harun would seek to pounce on the distracted Romans and fulfill the promised conquest of Anatolia.

More than that, Staurakios had said it best -- what Irene and Charlemagne were attempting to accomplish was monumentous. If they really attempted to follow through with this restoration of the Roman Empire, then it was a task that they would have to dedicate the rest of their lives to.

History had already given an example of what they were trying to do -- Alexander the Great and his Persianization over the course of his conquest. What Alexander had done was prudent for the most part. The vast majority of his empire consisted of Persians and he was letting them see themselves in him. However, in doing so, he alienated his Macedonian companions. Some supported his efforts, others were staunchly against them. Enough so that there were numerous assassination attempts on what they now saw as a Persian emperor rather than their Macedonian king.

An attempt to bridge Roman culture with Frankish was going to be a long, painful, arduous task worthy of Hercules. Even on the assumption that they were eventually successful, the two would spend decades quelling rebellions of all sizes.

It was what I was trying to do in Hispania, but grander. Charlemagne, in all likelihood, would spend the remainder of his life looking inward rather than expanding outward. He wouldn't be able to attack my people even if he wished to.

And, odds were, he would fail. Perhaps it would last until his death, but I doubted that his son would be able to maintain such a volatile empire. He wouldn't possess the same respect, the same reputation. Rome would do as it did throughout its history and chew itself up from the inside out at the hands of great ambitious men.

"But there's a chance," I muttered, gazing out at our destination after a few short days of marching. Rome. I saw its outskirts and I saw that it was every bit as grand as Constantinople. "A chance that it will work." I refused to underestimate Charlemagne. If there was anyone in the world who could restore the ancient empire, then I was convinced that it was him.

In that case… Rome was restored. It would take decades for it to unify, but it ultimately managed to stick together. And, in that case, a vast empire was but a stone's throw away from my homeland. From what would be my kingdom. That was a truly disturbing thought. Enough so that it made me question what I could do to prevent such a potential disaster from happening in the first place, or preparing for it like an inevitable storm.

"Fool!" Morrigan cried, though she wasn't particularly clear what made me a fool in this situation.

It mattered little as we approached the ancient city of Rome in the form of a long column. The Romans acted as the bulwark of it, arranging themselves around their Empress, who rode in an opulent chariot in its center. My own forces were placed towards the rear of the column as we weren't here to be honored. We were here to thumb our noses at the Franks, so I had few complaints about not being in the center of attention.

I was uncertain to what degree this conference was a secret, but the people of Rome seemed to know something important was happening. The Roman Empress was welcomed into the city, greeted with cheers as people flooded the streets. As far as I could tell, many of them were exactly as Otto had described to me -- beggars, prostitutes, and the lame. The flanking soldiers held them at bay, tossing flower petals over the marching formation as we entered the city.

Constantinople had tempered my expectations of Rome somewhat, but it was still a fascinating city. I could feel the weight of its history -- this was where an empire whose history spanned over a thousand years was born. The fact that it was in a state of decline was disheartening, but it was still a vast and formidable city.

If nothing else, visiting this city made the journey worth it.

The procession took a long view of the city, allowing me to gaze upon the historical buildings of significance—the Forum of Julius Caesar, the Forum of Augustus, and the temples that were converted into churches. I gazed upon the Colosseum with naked awe as the procession passed by the gladiatorial building. Then, there was a hum of excitement in me as we headed to our ultimate destination.

The Curia Julia was the senate building where Rome was ruled from. It was the beating heart of Rome, at least until the Romans lost it. It was almost unassuming in appearance for the great history it possessed. It was a wide building made of marble, with a line of pillars acting as an entrance. On one side, the building rose up, standing high with glass windows allowing natural light to stream in.

It was currently half surrounded by Frankish soldiers. A show of force, I knew, just as Irene displayed her own strength. They stood in a formation, staving off a crowd of people who wanted to see what was going on and soon the Roman contingent reinforced them. As did my warriors, though they were placed well away from the Franks.

Despite being amongst the last to arrive, I found that I was right on time.

"Come, Lord Wolf-Kissed," Empress Irene commanded me easily as the Romans prepared for her entrance. "I shall have you act as my translator. I doubt the barbarians have learned a proper tongue." She was attended by a small army of servants, and I suspected at least a few of them could speak Frankish. But that wasn't the point.

She was going to force Charlemagne to speak to me to speak to her.

I nodded, still clad in armor, and falling in line with her servants, we marched towards the double doors that acted as the entrance to the senate building. I stroked Morrigan's plumage reassuringly as she sat on my shoulder, watching as the doors swung open. We were immediately greeted by the sound of young boys singing, a hundred of them standing in the seats where Roman senators had once commanded an empire that had reshaped the world. Harps joined the melody, as did flutes and drums. It was pleasant but mostly distracting.

It was across the hall that I saw Charlemagne in person for the first time since the Saxon Rebellion.

He was regal. His beard was neatly groomed, his appearance immaculate as he wore kingly robes accented with jewelry. Adorned on his head was a crown of gold, embedded with no less than a dozen precious gemstones along the rim. He did seem a bit older than when I last saw him, but he still struck me as strong. In truth, I was the one who had changed the most since we last saw one another.

Charlemagne stood before a round table that was set at the end of the forum. Standing directly next to him was a man I had purposefully gone out of my way to avoid, but I still recognized him by sight.

Pope Adrian. He wore a serene expression, a painted-on smile that didn't quite reach his eyes, which narrowed ever so slightly when his gaze landed on me.

I wasn't the only one wearing armor, I swiftly noticed, my gaze sliding to four figures. I didn't know them all, but I knew what they were even if I didn't know them.

Four of Charlemagne's Paladins.

Astolfo openly wore her surprise over my presence. She stood next to Rinaldo, who did a better job of hiding his. Standing next to him was a Paladin I did not recognize, yet he was openly glaring at me with a blazing anger in his blue eyes. Yet, I ignored him to gaze upon the last of the Paladins in attendance.

Roland.

His gaze was impassive as he took notice of me, betraying nothing. Much like Charlemagne, he was exactly as I remembered him. A tall broad shouldered man who carried a tower shield that was the size of a man grown in one hand, and sheathed in his waist was his sword Durendal. One thing had changed, however, and it was something that I hadn't expected.

I was taller than him now by half a head. So, perhaps, it was worth refitting my armor several times.

Empress Irene strode forward as the rest of her people came to a stop, both sides facing off silently. Despite this being an occasion to restore the empire, it would be an easy mistake to make thinking that they were bitter enemies forced to make peace. The attendants of Charlemagne flanked one side of the room, openly judging the servants of Irene with cynical eyes.

Yet, Irene wholly ignored the tension as she approached alongside her chosen guard. I found myself walking behind her as she stopped on the other side of the Pope, gazing at Charlemagne with an indifferent expression. Watching the two stare each other down, neither side betraying what their thoughts were, just helped solidify my own thoughts.

They were entirely too much alike. The only way one would submit to the other is by force.

Yet, Pope Adrian held his hands aloft and spoke in Latin, "Let us rejoice! After four centuries, a Roman Empress has graced Rome!" He announced, and Irene gave nothing away at the subtle dig. The very first words of this attempt at restoration were an insult, which didn't bode well. Perhaps I was overthinking things and assuming the worst. This endeavor might not even take the first step towards success before stumbling and falling.

"And let us rejoice, for Charles the Great, King of the Franks, once more graces the walls of Rome," Pope Adrian continued, and it was rather clear whose wagon he had hitched his horse to. "Let us thank God for this most welcome reunion of West and East and entrust ourselves to His plan. For all are equals underneath the gaze of our Heavenly Father." Also asserting that Irene and Charlemagne were equals, despite only one of them possessing the title of Emperor.

With that, he clasped his hands together and bowed his head, giving a moment of silence to thank their God. I watched it all, drinking it all in. On the trip over, I had considered what I might have to do to sabotage such a union.

Now, witnessing how it was starting…

I'm not sure I'd have to do a thing.

...

The attempt to restore the Roman Empire was a real thing in history, but nothing ever came about it and it is a question of what the marriage would have meant. Charlemagne, by that time, was already considered the Holy Roman Emperor on the assumption you believe that it formed with him. The title of Emperor of Rome is a title that carries a lot of weight in Europe, so when Irene declared herself Empress, the Pope decided to pull a fast one and go 'ew, girls can't lead Rome' but the decision was largely politically motivated as Charlemagne was a friend of the church and the Pope wanted to further break ties with what would become the Orthodoxy.

So, odds are the marriage wouldn't have restored the empire in earnest as in the realms uniting. They probably would have been two separate states that allied with each other, while also calling themselves the Roman.

Now, beyond this point is technically spoilers, so I'll throw it in a spoilers box, but I would be very shocked if someone couldn't guess where this plot thread is going:

Spoiler

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Eerrw and 689 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 29, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Inspiring Ambition New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,847
If I had to describe the meeting of two of the most powerful monarchs in Midgard in a single word, then my word of choice would be… tense. Or perhaps uncomfortable. If, however, I was allowed two words, then they would be painfully awkward.

The ancient senate building was filled with a tension that I could only liken to the feeling of knowing your parents were fighting, and you were wary of even breathing too loudly for fear it might set them off.

Irene and Charlemagne sat across from each other at a round table, both of them flanked by men of note. Diplomats, administrators, and military advisors. They each mirrored one another in position in contrast to the other kingdom, with five people, including the monarchs, representing their side. The ten people seated at the table were, in turn, attended by a translator that stood behind them.

Beyond the round table were the guards and Paladins. They arranged themselves in a circle around everyone, checking everything that went by them as servants refreshed goblets of wine or fetched fine foods to snack on.

As a translator, I stood behind Irene, in constant view of Charlemagne but, for the most part, he seemed determined to ignore my existence. A difficult thing to manage when the meeting actually began with Pope Adrian casting a less than friendly glance in my direction with his nose crinkling as if he had just stepped in shit. "Empress Irene, I'm sure that there are more… suitable choices for a translator we can provide. There is no need to subject yourself with… his presence."

He uttered the words in Latin, making Irene offer a thin cutting smile that didn't come close to reaching her eyes. "You doubt my translator's ability? You needn't, Pope Adrian. Siegfried is quite skilled- tell me, how many languages do you now speak?" She added, offering a pointed glance at me. She too was speaking Latin with the full expectation that I could understand her.

She knew I could speak Latin. I'm not sure when exactly she figured it out, but she knew.

Well, I supposed it didn't really matter anymore. "I'm in the process of learning my fourteenth," I answered in Latin, making Pope Adrian shift ever so slightly. "Frankish and Latin were my third and fourth languages, respectively."

There was a flicker of surprise in Irene's eyes, but it wasn't that I knew Latin or Frankish. She was surprised by the sheer number of languages I had learned over the past few years. I had amassed quite a collection, especially when Morrigan began to teach me the language of her home -- Gaelic, as she called it.

That surprise was quickly wiped away as she regarded the Pope with an even look, "Are there any further concerns, or may we begin?" She asked, her tone authoritative and despite being seated at a round table, she projected power to give the impression she was the greatest power at the table.

"No, let us begin," Charlemagne uttered in Frankish after his own translator quietly translated Irene's words. He guarded his thoughts well, but I suspected he was taking the same approach one did with a troublesome chore -- gritting his teeth and looking to get it over with. "Through letters, we have both discussed the scope of this alliance -- militarily, politically, and economically -- in the hopes of forming a lasting union between our respective empires."

I only saw it because I was translating Charlemagne's words, but I saw Irene clench her hands at the mention of empires. She didn't like that Charlemagne saw himself as her equal, but her expression betrayed nothing. "Indeed, yet a letter hardly has enough room to detail all of the… particulars," she noted, and Charlemagne agreed with a small nod.

"Then let us start with how our borders shall meet," Charlemagne decided and, again, Irene clenched her hands.

"Naturally, as your military strength is currently tied up in Hispania, my armies shall conquer up through the Balkans," Irene uttered, delivering her own dig back at Charlemagne that his Paladins responded to more than him. There was an anger that seeped into their posture at the reminder that the war there wasn't as quick and easy as expected, and that two of their number had perished while another was crippled. It spoke of the tension between the two parties that an otherwise reasonable remark was taken so poorly, something that Irene was aware of.

"Your generosity is boundless, Empress Irene," Charlemagne replied, unbothered. "Yet, my pride compels me to insist upon a joint effort. A secondary army of twenty thousand can march into the Balkans to meet whatever force you see fit to send." Tell Spotter detected a lie, but it was a small one. Likely about the number of men that he could muster while already having so much of his strength tied up in Hispania.

"A joint effort between allies sounds like the right step forward," Irene easily agreed, telling me that she had already planned on such a thing. "Further details can be discussed between our ministers of war." And, on cue, Irene's man presented a written out plan to the table. Just as Charlemagne's did. How they differed was obvious.

Mostly in how the spoils would be divided. Naturally, the Franks envisioned a Frankish bureaucracy while the Romans favored a Roman one. And that, I think, told me a great deal about the uncertainty both parties were going into this venture with.

They were both preparing for failure by looking to secure territory gains for when things fell apart. Rather than treating the gains as a natural extension of both of their borders.

That same hesitation was in everything. When they discussed military matters, the proposed plans favored one side more than the other. When they discussed economic matters -- such as taxation, coins minted, tariffs, trade rights, and more… all of it revealed what everyone already knew. The Frankish Kingdom and the Roman Empire were deeply divided and fundamentally different political and cultural states.

Especially so in regards to the latter. "It is unnatural! A man without a cock can hardly call himself a man!" One Frankish nobleman spat across the table, glaring openly at Staurakios over an argument brewing over.

"Why not? I see a man without balls across from me," Staurakios shot back without hesitation, making the man flush a furious red when the words were translated. Then, speaking more broadly to the table, "It is a matter of loyalty. I cannot bear children. My legacy shall be my actions in this life, leaving nothing but dust and bones upon my death. I say it is a natural extension of a practice you have already begun, King Charlemagne, with your vice-lordships. A temporary lordship granted by you, by your generosity, upon a eunuch circumvents the most natural problem for such a thing -- the vicelord attempting to secure a position for his children."

Staurakios was naturally selling the idea, and downplaying the negatives. The practice of eunuchs was a puzzling one, and not something I sought to replicate. Because, in the end, the premise was flawed from the start. A man's ambitions weren't in his cock and balls, so cutting them away didn't remove that part of him. There were many who would be content with satisfying the ambitions of this life, and all the more reckless because they wouldn't be leaving children to suffer for the sins of their father. Making a man a eunuch didn't make him trustworthy, something that Rome's own history proved time and time again.

But, I didn't offer my opinion as Charlemagne openly considered the point. Much to the chagrin of his own lords, who seemed to fear he planned to unman them here and now.

It was but one of many points that were a source of contention between the alliance and hope of union. Some of those points seemed insurmountable for the task at hand. Something none of them seemed ignorant of as time went by, wine flowed, and so did their opinions. All the while, Pope Adrian acted as something like a balancing force to the whole conversation, but it was fairly clear where his bias was leaning.

Upon the end of the meeting on the first day, my overall impression was…

These people were going to tear each other apart without me needing to do a thing.

…​

"Your thoughts, Morrigan?" I asked the raven that once more perched itself upon my shoulder as I gazed out the window of the quarters that were given to me, as well as Empress Irene. True Sight revealed enemies lurking in the darkness, but they didn't seem to have any real intentions one way or the other -- they were just keeping a close eye on the villa.

In response, Morrigan used a talon to trace runes into my shoulder, telling me what she had seen with her Blessing. The information wasn't really surprising for the most part -- both parties were plotting against each other, amongst themselves, all the while brokering secret deals to advance their personal ambitions. Though, Morrigan had noticed something of note.

"They arranged this whole alliance between themselves. It would only be natural for them to work together in secret," I noted to Morrigan as she scratched the message into my shoulder. I was answered by a light peck at my neck before the scratching resumed. The information wasn't surprising -- Charlemagne and Irene were working together in secret to restore the Roman Empire… well, the fact that we were here at all already proved as much.

But, when Morrigan clarified, I felt a knot of tension forming between my shoulder blades.

"Is all this performative?" I echoed, my lips thinning. "You think they've already come to terms, then?"

'Partly. Dislike real. Conflicting plans real. Most compromises already settled.' Morrigan scratched into my shoulder and I didn't like the idea of that, even if I also didn't find it too surprising. Again, neither monarch would waste the trip unless they were confident that an agreement could be reached. 'Kill one to avert plans.'

Morrigan's advice was something I had already considered. Heavily, by this point. I hadn't felt a need to because it was so likely that everything would fall apart without my involvement, but that 'what if' was in the back of my mind and it wouldn't leave me be. It would certainly complicate our departure, but if it meant killing this restored Roman Empire in the cradle…

"We'll wait and see," I decided, petting Morrigan's feathers before turning away from the window.

I did exactly that. I didn't sleep on that first night, but upon the morning, after breaking our fast, the conversation picked up almost exactly where we had left off the night prior. Down the same arguments with the same people. I stood back, simply translating the words that were said and watched it all unfold.

I hadn't doubted Morrigan, but seeing was believing, I suppose, as the first compromise was spearheaded by Charlemagne and Irene. A border near the middle with Francia claiming more of the shoreline in exchange for the Romans claiming more territory. Neither side was happy with it, but such was the nature of a compromise.

And that was but the first as I watched a masterful political play unravel all around me. The decisions started small. Little things that hardly mattered but most refused to compromise on out of a sense of pride. At least, until suddenly one side gave an inch. Which began a back and forth between the parties -- one gave ground on a topic, then, almost as if a favor was being called, that party would give in to the opposing side on something else.

As the second day went on, the meeting felt less like a rudderless ship taking on water. By the third… the meeting had momentum. Men who had been at each others throats just days prior were having civil conversations as the meeting became less formal with far less rigid dividing lines.

It wasn't Charlemgnes or Irene's guiding hand at play, not exactly. I'm sure that they had nudged some things one way or the other over the past couple of days. No, what got the meeting actually moving along was one thing and one thing only.

Everyone in the room realized that they stood to benefit if this plan moved forward. Much like a horse, they could be led to water, but they couldn't be forced to drink. However, with enough time, just as a horse would become thirsty, the squabbling nobles began to plot to secure their own advancement.

Greed was an excellent motivator, I had to admit, and the two monarchs wielded it with mastery.

With the less formal nature of the meeting, I found myself as an outsider once more. Largely because Charlemagne wasn't giving Irene the reaction to my presence she had been looking for, so the insult had worn itself rather thin. Which was how I found myself walking through the streets of Rome with but a handful of guards to accompany me as I decided to explore rather than waste my time pretending I couldn't understand the people around me when they whispered behind my back.

Rome itself was revealing, I thought to myself as I explored beyond the streets that had been carefully selected for us to pass by upon our arrival. I could feel the weight of history in the stone -- how this city had been the beating heart of the Roman Empire for centuries, how it began a legacy that had endured for a thousand years and would likely endure for a thousand more.

Yet Rome was less than a shadow of its former self. The vast majority of the buildings in the ancient city were abandoned and those that weren't were inhabited by beggars. Rome revealed how empty it was when we could walk down winding streets without seeing a hint of another person. It was said that at its height, Rome boasted a population of a million people. A number so vast that I couldn't even imagine what such a crowd would look like.

Now?

Now, I would be surprised to hear if it was inhabited by a hundred thousand people. My guess would be half of that, and of that population, at least a third were beggars and the sickly that came here in the hopes of salvation. It was a saddening sight to see. Especially as I approached the remnants of Rome's former glory.

The Flavian Amphitheater, as it was originally named. Built by Emperor Vespasian, though he would not see its completion. It would take near a decade and an army of slaves to build it, with it being finished by his son. Upon its completion, it earned the title of the Colosseum simply because there was none greater in the world. I had caught a glimpse of it as we were marched by, but now I walked through its ancient gates and into the Colosseum itself, marveling at it.

It was an awe inspiring building. A feat of engineering that hadn't been matched in centuries, I reasoned. I had read the tales about it, but it was another thing entirely to see it myself -- the retractable awnings, the pipe network that allowed the stadium to be filled with water for mock sea battles, how there were ramps hidden beneath the sand where gladiators and animals from all corners of the world would be risen up to fight.

A small breath escaped me as I rested my hands on the stone railing. The feeling of jealously was still there, but it was tempered by knowledge. Knowledge that I could build this. That I could do better. It would take time and work, but I was convinced that I could do better.

Still, I was lost in my thoughts and I noticed someone approaching only when my guards shifted. Glancing over, I was surprised to see the grinning face of Astolfo, who waved a hand with a greeting, "Sieg! You know, for two guys that hate each other, you sure think alike."

I paused, my gaze flickering to the stadium, "King Charlemagne is here?" That was surprising.

"He needed a breather from the politics, and he wanted to check out the sights. He wants to know why you followed him, but it seems like you two just had the same idea." Astolfo explained, jabbing a thumb up to the balcony in which the Emperor would sit. Looking up, my gaze met Roland's, who wore a flat expression. "He's invited you to sit with him. If you want."

I didn't. Not really. A conversation with Charlemagne sounded like a tedious and frustrating thing. But, at the same time…

"... very well," I decided, making my guards shift as I turned to face Astolfo. Even she seemed surprised that I agreed and, despite the friendship that we shared, she still tightened her grip on her spear.

There was a telling pause between us before Astolfo jerked a hand in a gesture, "Follow me then?" She said, and I nodded. We headed up the stairs towards what would be the Emperor's private balcony. Upon heading up, I saw the door being guarded by two of Charlemagne's Paladins -- Rinaldo and Adrian. Adrian in particular stiffened at our approach, a hand clutching a sword at his belt.

"We'll-" Astolfo started as my guards didn't fail to notice the latent hostility, "-wait out here. So, it'll just be you, Roland, and Charlemagne inside." She said, and I could tell the others disliked the idea as much as my own guards did. They just didn't have a way to argue without doubting Roland or my abilities.

"Very well. Stand guard here. This shouldn't take long," I reasoned. I would be right, one way or another.

Astolfo seemed a bit relieved before she opened the door, revealing the balcony where Charlemagne sat in a prepared throne. He wasn't looking at me, instead gazing out at the empty Colosseum while Roland met my gaze, standing next to him with a hand on his sword. Stepping inside, Charlemagne spoke, "I'm surprised you accepted the invitation. I can only think of one reason why you would accept it."

The door closed behind me and I could feel the tension swelling. Especially as I approached the throne that was seated next to Charlemagne.

"I haven't written that reason off yet," I admitted, taking a seat next to Charlemagne and with my expanded vision, I saw the corners of his lips curl up ever so slightly.

"You would make a poor assassin," he offered, none to bothered by the admission. There wasn't a point in hiding it. He had all but served me his head on a silver platter, if I chose to take it. I had no idea how I would fare against Roland now, but we both knew that I would take his life before Roland could stop me. "If you're not here to kill me, then why did you accept the invitation?"

"Curiosity, for the most part," I admitted. "About why you would offer an invitation to a man that stands to benefit greatly by your death."

Charlemagne tapped a finger on his throne as if he was considering the question itself for a moment. "Curiosity," he decided. "About a few things. First, I wanted to know if you think it's possible."

The it in question was clear enough.

"If it was anyone else, I'd say it was doomed from the start," I answered easily enough, looking out at the Colosseum. Imagining the sights that centuries of Emperor's had to have seen from this vantage. "Your people are too different, which only compounds the reasons that the old empire was divided in the first place. If it was anyone else, even on the assumption that they did manage to make this alliance, it wouldn't survive their death."

Charlemagne hummed, "I suppose I should feel honored you hold my abilities in such high esteem." He remarked evenly, not disagreeing with me.

I snorted, "At this point, I'd be a fool not to." Then I paused. "I acknowledge you no more than you acknowledge me."

To that, Charlemagne inclined his head to me ever so slightly. Conceding that point. "That is true. My estimation of you wasn't off -- you were a wolf amongst the sheep. I just never anticipated that you would prove so… troublesome." At the admission, my lips curled into a faint smile.

"Do you still pray about that meeting?" I wondered -- Astolfo has painted quite a picture of Charlemagne's rage.

"I did just this morning," Charlemagne confessed without hesitation. "However, I have mollified my anger by sending Horrik twenty thousand talents to aid him in the wars to come."

That wiped the grin from my face, and it seemed to flee to Charlemagne's. The news wasn't entirely unexpected. I'd anticipated some level of reprisal for the humiliation I had given him, but it was still unwelcome to hear. "Hm. Well, I suppose I won't be averse to taking more of your coin when I return home." Twenty thousand talents was a considerable sum in my homeland. The kind of wealth that would allow Horrik to buy a kingdom if he so wished.

Charlemagne had made my return a little more complicated. I was still confident in my victory, but Horrik may have enough wealth to provide an army of quantity to meet mine of quality.

"That too, I must confess, I am quite curious about," Charlemagne admitted, still wearing that grin as he knew he won a point in this verbal sparring match. "I never expected to hear of you again after the war in Saxony. I believed you would return to Denmark, slay the man who brought such troubles to your family, and live out your life as a petty warlord beyond my borders. I will confess, I was quite surprised to learn that you ventured to the Roman Empire of all places. Why?"

I considered the question for a moment, pondering on how honest I should be. Then, with a mental shrug, I told the truth. "Because of you," I admitted, and that surprised Charlemagne enough that he looked in my direction for the first time.

"Because of me?" He echoed, and I turned to meet his gaze.

"You and King Widukind showed me what it was to be a king," I told him, holding his gaze for a moment before I looked away. "I could have returned to Denmark after Saxony. I had enough strength to overthrow Horrik, and I could have ruled unchallenged before the year was over." It was something I considered a lot. A scenario that I put a great deal of thought into, especially in the early days when I wasn't quite sure if I made the right choice.

"My rule likely would have been a fine one. Not good, not terrible, not great -- just… fine. Our raids would be successful. Perhaps our borders would expand. However, nothing would change. Not really. I would be exactly as you said -- another petty warlord in a long line of petty warlords, who would be perhaps more successful than most." I had envisioned that other path more times than I cared to admit. Exploring the possibilities and I came to a conclusion.

That life would have been a life of ignorance. I would have been successful, but Our great raids would only be considered great out of ignorance of what I, and my people, were truly capable of. I wouldn't have brought any great changes to the land. After my death, it would just be more of what came before my life -- petty raids and squabbling jarls.

"But, during the war, I saw how you and King Widukind conducted yourselves. And, in you, I saw how I was lacking in comparison. So, you are the reason why I desired to come to Constantinople -- my people know it as the greatest city in the world, and I desired to be great." I admitted to him, and Charlemagne was quiet for a moment.

Then a small breath escaped him, "Then I only have myself to blame for this self-inflicted problem." He sounded quite annoyed but more exasperated than anything. "It also sounds like I have every reason to kill you before you can become a greater problem than you already are," He observed.

"Aye, probably," I agreed. "Do you think you'll succeed? With reforming the Roman Empire?" I clarified, not looking at Charlemagne.

The Frankish King considered the question as if he was asking himself for the first time. Then he answered, "I do," he decided. "It will be my life's work, I suspect. Decades of rebellions at the least, and should the Lord take me before my work is done, I expect that it'll all be for nought. But… yes. I do think I will succeed."

His thoughts mirrored my own about the task. I wasn't sure how he would manage it exactly, but I suspected that it would be the path he was already treading -- to concentrate power and wealth into his own hands by using the rebellions as a reason to strip away wealth and power from those that stood in his way. It was just a question of whether Irene would be an obstacle to remove or someone to aid him.

There was a profound silence between us after that. One that stretched on for minutes as both of us waited for the other to make a move while we both considered our next action carefully.

In the end, it wasn't us that spoke. It was Roland.

He let go of his blade and my gaze slid to his to find a steadfast conviction in them. "You are a killer, a thief, and a pagan -- but you have your own sense of honor. You will not murder my king."

He spoke the words with certainty, and I was annoyed to find that he was right.

My gaze went to Charlemagne, who had turned to me and met my gaze unflinching. "No, I won't," I agreed. "I've killed more people than anyone else in the world, I think. But I have never stained my hands with murder, and I have no intention to. Regardless of how good of an idea it is."

I'm sure that there would be times that I would look back on this moment and regret it. That I would wish that I had drawn Gram from its sheath and cut Charlemagne down, no matter what consequences came after. All the same, I think that I would regret it more if I did murder him.

I hated him. I admired him as a king. He was uncountably going to be a source of never ending troubles in my future, but I wasn't such a coward that I would balk at the fate that the Norns chose to weave. I wouldn't let fear guide my actions. Instead, I would console myself with the knowledge that Charlemagne would regret this moment just as much as I would.

It annoyed him to no end, but I could see a glimmer of respect enter Charlemagne's eyes.

"Then I shall extend the same mercy. Regardless of how much I suspect I will regret it," Charlemagne acknowledged with a small tilt of his head before he rose to his feet. "This conversation has been… illuminating. But, I think it would be best that it ends before either of us reconsider."

I nodded at that, watching Charlemagne go while my gaze lingered on Roland. He nodded in my direction, acknowledging me in a way that he hadn't when we last faced each other. I returned the nod before he followed his king, all of them leaving the stadium while I still lingered in my seat.

As I predicted, Morrigan soon arrived and wasted no time pecking at me for letting the opportunity slip between my fingers. I accepted the punishment easily enough, but even as I did, I spoke in a low voice.

"I was asking myself the wrong question, Morrigan," I told her. "I asked myself how I could stop this from happening… but, what I should have been asking myself was what I could do to deal with a restored Rome. Because even if Charlemagne fails, it is not as if Francia or his successors will be any less of a threat. I was thinking too small." I said, and Morrigan paused, tilting her head at me.

Denmark was too small. Saxony was too small. Norway was too small.

I needed to think bigger.

Much… much bigger.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 799 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 5, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Last Stop New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,940
It was difficult to pinpoint exactly when it happened, but the people attending the meeting in Rome seemed to realize all at once exactly what they were trying to accomplish. That it wasn't some vague idea or a lofty goal that would fall apart the moment they took their eyes off if it. They realized that what they were doing was real, that the reformation of the Roman Empire was possible, and that it was up to them to make it happen.

As an outsider looking in, it was rather fascinating to witness. The disdain they held for each other didn't magically vanish. The same issues that divided them before were still there, and in some cases, the arguing only got fiercer as both sides dug in to resist compromising. In the days since, there were three brawls, one honor duel, and several people had lost their voices from all the screaming, despite the fact most of the people here didn't share a common language. Yet, despite all that divided them and their almost visceral dislike of one another, they stood united in one goal

The restoration of the Roman Empire.

It didn't mean that they would succeed. Odds were that they wouldn't, or they wouldn't for very long even if they did surmount the long odds they faced for accomplishing that goal in the first place. Even as they worked together, united in their goal, they just couldn't agree on numerous wide sweeping issues such as manners of governance, faith, inheritance, and more. The Pope and Patriarch were much in the same position -- they mediated where they could, trying to find meaningful compromises, all the while they jockeyed for influence against each other.

In short…

"It all comes down to Charlemagne and Irene. If they survive the rebellions and retain the foundation of their support, then they have a chance," I remarked to Morrigan, who was once again perched upon my shoulder. Her beak pecked at the side of my neck, making her annoyance clear. She was quite cross with me that I hadn't murdered Charlemagne when I had the chance. But, my stance hadn't changed.

It was a decision I knew I would regret at some point in the future, but I was certain that I'd regret it more if I stained my hands with murder.

"It was good that I came," I continued, unbothered by the painful nips. "As degraded as the city is, it is beautiful. And I am aware of their ideas on how they would move forward with the unification." In the end, for all that Charlemagne had acknowledged me, he didn't see me as an equal. Not really. Despite what I had accomplished, he still fully expected for me to return to Denmark, claim the throne and, at worst, he'd only hear of me again when I raided his coastline.

And he had been right to think that way. That was more or less what I had planned upon my return to Denmark after I accomplished what I wanted to accomplish. But, much like when he inspired me to sail to Constantinople, Charlemagne had inspired me once more.

Regardless of his success or failure here, my people would be ready should the Franks or Romans ever set their gaze upon us.

Just as they sought to turn their gaze upon the Abbasids. Using them as a means to unite their people with a shared enemy while also using it as a means to weaken the largest obstacles that would resist the unification.

I'm sure that both Charlemagne and Irene would regret letting me anywhere near this meeting when they eventually learned of my marriage to Jasmine.

But, as enlightening as this journey had been, I felt my part in it had come to a close. Irene only brought me along to insult Charlemagne, and now that things were progressing more… well, now that they were progressing at all, my presence was a detraction to her goals and she wanted me gone.

It was a testament to our relationship that she didn't bother with a farewell. I didn't particularly mind -- I had no fondness for Irene in my heart, and any farewell would be a tedious affair, but I did find it annoying to be so thoroughly snubbed. In the end, it was through my efforts that she sat so secure on her throne. But, rather than acknowledge that much, my departure was arranged for the crack of dawn so I could vanish with as few questions as possible.

Though, that wasn't to say that I wasn't seen off.

"Sieg! Glad-" Astolfo cut herself off with an eye watering yawn, walking down the dock alongside another Paladin, Bradamante as I learned his name was, before continuing. "- I caught you before you left."

"Astolfo. Bradamante. I didn't expect for you to see me off," I admitted, earning a lazy grin from Astolfo while Bradamante just glared at me from behind his helmet. The Paladin hadn't uttered a word to me in the past week or so, and I had no interest in finding out why.

In response, Astolfo punched me lightly in the shoulder, "Course I would! After this… well, there's only going to be one reason for us to ever meet, you know?" Meaning across a battlefield. I nodded while Morrigan nipped at her hand, fluttering her wings as a word of warning. "So… are the rumors true? Did you really find a magic bird?"

"Raven," I corrected while Morrigan puffed out her chest. Her personality didn't change in the slightest with this form. "And no. Mugin is just more clever than most."

"She's a feisty one," Astolfo noted before she blew out a sigh. "So, what's next for you?"

"Finishing my preparations to leave the Mediterranean," I said. "By this time next month, I should be back home." Waging war for a crown and claiming vengeance. "I expect you to be busy in the coming years."

"Yeah…" Astolfo sighed, looking over her shoulder at the city of Rome. "We have our work cut out for us, that's for sure."

"Do you think it'll work?" I asked her, making Astolfo frown and tilt her head in thought. As if she never gave the idea much thought until I asked.

"King Charlemagne is a cautious guy when it comes right down to it. He's not the type that'd do something this risky unless he was sure there would be some kind of payoff. So, even if it doesn't work, he's going to get something out of it." That was my estimation as well. I nodded, accepting the answer for what it was, curious as to what Charlemagne hoped to gain even with failure.

However, it was then that Bradamante stepped forward, making Astolfo wince, as he planted the but of his spear into the ground. "I don't have the stomach to wait any longer!" He announced, and I was surprised by how young he sounded. His voice had yet to deepen. "I waited patiently to avoid disturbing the meeting and causing offense, but no longer! Wolf-Kissed! I demand a duel!"

Astolfo pinched the bridge of her nose, tilting her head back as she turned to her God in prayer for strength.

I looked down at the young Paladin, a frown tugging at my lips. "For what cause?" I questioned, willing to humor the boy if nothing else. He was a Paladin, meaning that I couldn't underestimate him. I was deadly at his age and I had killed many who thought me harmless because of my age. However, it was just different when a boy demanded a duel compared to someone like Roland.

"For the death of my cousin, Oliver, at your hands," Bradamante declared, leveling the spear at me in preparation for battle. My guards bristled at the action, but I waved them off with a raised hand as my gaze flickered to Astolfo, who wore an open grimace.

I see.

I recalled the death of Oliver easily, though claiming that he died at my hands was an exaggeration. I was hopelessly outmatched against three Paladins, so I used Roland and his monstrous strength along with his sword to my advantage. I had thrown a dagger, which Roland had then deflected with a swing, cutting the weapon in half. Thanks to Trajectory Projection, I was able to make sure that the severed blade struck Oliver.

However, that was hardly the noble death that he deserved. I could understand why his fellows chose to shift the truth around to hide Roland's involvement while laying the blame at my feet.

"...Very well then. I shall accept," I decided, making Astolfo's eyes widen.

"Sieg-" she started to protest, but I cut her off.

"Until one yields," I said, and a sigh of relief heaved out of Astolfo.

"I'll die before I yield," Bradamante swore as I gestured for everyone to take a few steps back while I drew Gram from my belt.

My actions were more driven by curiosity than anything else. I had long since accepted that I would leave orphans in the wake of my battles. Or leave families without their father or uncles. People who lost loved ones because of me. I would never grow comfortable with it, but I did accept that it was unavoidable so long as I was a warrior and fought. What interested me now was testing myself.

I doubted that Bradamante was Roland's equal, but he was still a Paladin. Gram increased my prowess significantly, and I had trained with the blade but even before I restored it, I had already far outstipped all of my warriors in terms of skill.

I was curious how that would translate in a fight against a Paladin.

Astolfo sighed, taking a step back before raising a hand. She hesitated a moment before letting it all, "Begin-"

The fight was over as soon as it began.

Bradamante lunged forward, a probing strike with his spear and I noted that he was just as fast as Astolfo had been when we fought outside of Frankfurt. Faster than most could hope to handle with his spear flickering like a serpent's tongue. However, as it darted forward, I swung Gram and effortlessly cut through the wooden shaft of the spear and continued the swing until the blade rested against the boy's neck.

He froze in place, the spearhead falling to the ground and beneath his helmet, he beheld me with wide blue eyes.

I tapped the side of his helmet with the flat of Gram, "Vengeance isn't something so easily claimed, boy. Nor is it something you should pursue so halfheartedly." With that, I withdrew my blade and sheathed it, leaving Bradamante frozen stiff.

I had my answer, it seemed, though I caught Astolfo giving me the most serious look I had ever seen on her. Even when we first met on the battlefield, as determined as she had been, she had been having fun. Now she looked at me like she was puzzling out how she would kill me if the need ever arose. And I imagine it would eventually arise. Charlemagne and I were destined for conflict.

"I-" Bradamante started, only to be pulled back with a hand from Astolfo.

"Looks like getting taller isn't the only thing that's changed," Astolfo noted, restraining Bradamante for a moment, the quick and easy loss not sitting well with him until he went slack. Bitter at his defeat, but knowing that I was as beyond him as Roland had once been to me.

I offered a thin smile, knowing that I had revealed my hand to Astolfo, and thus King Charlemagne, but it was worth it. I had a far better grasp of where I stood in contrast to his Paladins now. Perhaps I wasn't so beyond them that I could slay them all by myself, but the lesser of the Paladins were no true threat to me.

"Buuuut, I do have to correct you on one thing," Astoflo continued, reaching for Bradamante's helmet and swiftly undoing a clasp before yanking it up. "Bradamante isn't a boy! She's a little girl! You bullied a little girl!" She announced, making Bradamante lunge for the helmet. Bradamante was still young, but now that I could see her face, she was distinctly feminine in appearance.

The display was to break the tension, and on that account, it worked. Though, I did become curious. "So I see. Three of Charlemagne's Paladins have been women, then? Good. I never understood the refusal to acknowledge that women can fight I've found in the lands of the Franks, Rome, or the Abbasids." It also told me that Charlemagne recognized and awarded talent with his Blessing. I had been curious about that as the majority of his Paladins had some kind of relation to him.

Both Bradamante and Astolfo stilled before a mocking smile curled at the edges of Bradamante's lips. "Three?" She echoed, making my brow furrow as Bradamante glanced at Astolfo. I looked to her to find that Astolfo wore an expression of longstanding suffering and disappointment, pinning me with a flat look.

I felt uneasy even before Astolfo spoke, placing a hand on her hip as she met my gaze, "Sieg… I'm a guy."

It felt like the ground gave out from underneath me. "...S-since when?"

"What do you even MEAN, 'since when?!'"

Morrigan couldn't stop laughing even after Rome was left behind us.

…​

Upon my return to Crete, I was reminded that not all surprises were so devastating or so utterly unexpected. Some of them were even quite pleasant.

We were in the final stages of preparing for our departure -- our estates were sold off, as were the last of the spoils taken from the Great Raid, to both Rome and the Abbasids as we sold off anything that either wouldn't survive the journey or was simply too impractical to take with us. Upon my return, we had the final tally for the Great Raid and the wealth that we would be bringing with us to Denmark.

Eight hundred seventy-six thousand, five hundred thirty-three talents worth of wealth in terms of gold, silver, precious stones, spices, textiles, pottery, foodstuffs, and more. That sum was discounting the two hundred thousand talents that we left behind for the sake of ensuring that Hoffer had a full treasury to start his kingdom on the right foot with. It also didn't include the worth of the thralls taken or the value of the library of books and scrolls we collected. It was the sum of our Great Raid, where we sacked twelve cities so thoroughly we nearly took their homes with us when we left. It was the sum that we earned through trade, turning what had been a hastily built fortification into a prosperous trade port.

I was proud of the number. More than proud, really. Enough so that I had the number added to the final part of the Runestone that also depicted our departure. It was undeniable proof that coming to Rome had been the correct decision, and I would have all that I needed to fulfill my ambitions once I returned home.

One thing was clear, however -- our ships could hardly carry such a bounty. We had already planned it out, but the wealth just confirmed the decision we had made.

For our return, we would be broken into two groups. I, alongside five thousand of my warriors, would take a quarter of the splendor and migrants with us and sail through the Gibraltar Strait. From there, we would sail around Hispania and Francia's coastline back to Norway first. From there, we would secure a foothold in Denmark and prepare for the rest of our people.

They would march overland, along the Dnieper River, back up to the Baltic Sea, before following it down to Denmark. I would arrive first, so by that point, I would be able to hasten the journey with my ships. The journey would be a hard one, but a safe one as they would be guarded by five thousand of my warriors, in addition to five thousand men that Krum had convinced to join him.

Which was another pleasant surprise -- he waited until nearly the last minute to decide, but Krum and his Bulgarian resistance would join us in our trek and prepare for their eventual return.

He wasn't the only one who waited until the very last possible second to make a decision. It was as the day of our departure was fast approaching that Michalis decided to visit Norland. What he wanted was rather obvious, but another pleasant surprise was who accompanied him.

"I'm surprised. Happy, but surprised," I admitted to Alexios, my teacher at University, to find that he was grinning away as Michalis took a seat across from me.

"Eh, I'm going to be dying soon enough," Alexios announced with a casual acceptance that told me the thought genuinely didn't bother him. "I've spent most of my life in the university, and I figured I'd die there. I might have, but this… this will be the start of something new! I want to see first hand what comes about from it, or if it's a ruinous disaster."

That got a thin smile out of me as I turned to Michalis. He had gotten fat over the past two years. Heavy gold rings studded with gemstones adorned every finger he had, and on some he doubled up. He reeked of perfumes and incense, dressed in fine silks colored vibrant hues. He hadn't taken regaining what his family lost with grace. He seemed almost obsessed with reaffirming his status as a noble until he was all but beating you over the head with it.

I made him uncomfortable. I came to Constantinople as a young man, a youth. Now I towered over him and the dozens of pounds he put on in fat, I had put on in muscle. But, more than his caution, his greed shone through. He offered a tepid smile, thinking the one I wore was for him. "When we discussed the price for the lordship of Norland, the city wasn't half the city that it is today. Before, it was becoming a major trade port, but now it sits as an important cornerstone in the Mediterranean."

Because we traded freely with the Abbasids. And the Franks. And generally anyone else who wanted access to goods belonging to Rome, the Muslim Caliphates, or myriad barbarian kingdoms without needing to trade directly with them.

"As such, I believe that the price for the lordship should reflect the current status of the city rather than what it was estimated to be years ago." Meaning he wanted to make sure he outbid everyone else who was sniffing around my city. "Neither of us could have anticipated such progress in a mere three years. Had it been anyone but you, Lord Siegfried, I would think it would be impossible." Flattery for the sake of it.

Perhaps I was being too harsh. I just… didn't care for the man. I'd helped him because the gods decided to give me a test, and I had benefited from our partnership, but as a man, I found Michalis… lacking. He lacked honor and integrity.

When I said nothing, Michalis took that as permission to continue. "As such, I have secured five hundred individuals of note. Architects, astronomers, men and women of history, science, philosophy, and medicine. Blacksmiths, carpenters, glass smiths, jewelers -- artisans of all fields, including poets. Additionally, I have collected men and women that speak various languages as your own abilities as a translator have become quite renowned." A little hint that he was aware of the meeting in Rome.

Unexpected, but from what I had seen, most people didn't understand the scope of what Irene was trying to accomplish in Rome. It was an open secret amongst the nobility, largely because you couldn't hide the departure of so many key players in the empire.

As for what he offered -- for the most part, it wasn't anything that I didn't already have, but the collective knowledge would still be useful. That was, until he snapped his fingers and a servant marched forth and placed a box underneath a cloth on the table before me. Then, with flourish, Michalis lifted the cloth.

I wasn't sure what I was looking at, but my gaze was drawn to the gears, a handle, and the pieces on display. There were several engraved disks on the surface of the box, one depicting the planets, one depicting Mars in particular, another the moon. The other thing that I noticed was that it was old. Very old. Some of it had been refurbished, but that made the parts that hadn't been stand out that much more.

"What is it?" I asked, finding myself curious.

"It is a device that measures the planets and moon!" Alexios immediately gushed, stepping forward to turn the handle. "As you were born in winter, seventeen years ago, by cranking this lever I can deduce that Mars was possibly… in retrograde!" He informed me, and that sounded… interesting. Astrology wasn't my strongest subject. I left the esoteric and godly matters to Morrigan for interpretation. But, while astrology didn't have my attention, the device itself did.

"Possibly?" I asked, and Michalis opened his mouth to reply but Akexios beat him to it.

"It's horribly inaccurate!" He declared, his enthusiasm not waning in the slightest. "Practically speaking, the damn thing is useless. The gearwork, however, is marvelous! Ingenious! I've never seen anything like it."

"It has been in my family for generations," Michalis said, a brief look of panic fading when Alexios apparently went off script and told his honest thoughts. "I'm uncertain where exactly it came from, and it wasn't until I brought it to Alexios that I learned what it did. I've been told that it occasionally was brought out to entertain guests in my family villa, but even by my father's time, it didn't work."

"Rust, dust, and neglect," Alexios offered with a small nod. Meaning that he had repaired it. "I expect entertaining party guests was all that it was used for. No self respecting astrologist would use such a tool."

I was inclined to agree. I could all too easily see Morrigan turning up her nose when being presented with such a thing. But, in a far more relaxed setting, likely with a great deal of alcohol involved, I could see a group of drunk men and women taking turns cranking the tool to see what phase the moon had been when they were born.

Michalis winced ever so subtly, "When Alexios described it as fascinating, I thought it may be something you would find… interesting."

Annoyingly, he was right. "I do," I confessed, reaching out and gently turning the crank to make the pointer spin on the dias. There was resistance, and I could feel the gears moving as they were interlocked. In terms of a tool for astrology, the thing was useless. However, I had no idea that gears could be used like this. That was fascinating.

Letting go of the tool, I leaned back and reached back to a letter that I had prepared. I had received other offers for Norland. Many offered a great deal of wealth to purchase the land and titles from me. However, when I was already rich beyond belief, mere money held little appeal. Michalis' offer was by far the best, and I had anticipated as much. There was naked greed in his eyes as I placed the letter on the table between us and slid it over to him.

He wasted no time opening it, and he all but visibly sagged with relief when he saw it said exactly as he hoped it would. That I was recommending that he take over my place as lord of Norland, and the surrounding areas of Crete. Naturally, Irene would have to accept the recommendation, given the politics of it, and Michalis was a loyalist of hers, so I doubt she would even want to refuse.

"It has been a pleasure working with you, Siegfried. I wish you luck in your endeavors," he said, standing up. And, with that, he left the room the very moment he got what he came here for. Alexios watched him go, walking down the staircase that was wrapped around the spinning room. Once he was out of earshot, only then did Alexios speak up.

"You aren't going to check who he brought? He's the type to cheat you," Alexios noted and I offered a cutting smile.

"I've already verified everyone he found over the past two years. The only surprises were you agreeing and this thing here," I replied, glad that bit of business was over with. I was glad to wash my hands of Michalis -- he wouldn't be the last of his type I would have to deal with, I knew. There would be plenty of his ilk in Denmark. But, perhaps thanks to my dealings with him, I knew how to handle people like him. Then I leveled a look at Alexios, "Are you certain about this? You are of course welcome, but my homeland is harsh."

"So I've heard," Alexios replied, unbothered by the prospect. "All men die, Siegfried. Here or there, it makes no difference to me. Here, I shall die as a longstanding teacher with my place swiftly taken by those who have sought it for decades. There, in your homeland, these old bones can be put in the foundation of something new. What that foundation shall be, or what will be built on top of it? I can't say, but if nothing else, it'll be interesting."

That it would be, I decided. Alexios would do well as a tutor for Ragnar, even if he was much younger than his usual students.

In short, I was happy that he was coming along and I hoped that what we created would be worth the journey for him.

…​

Time continued to go by, both moving entirely too swiftly and too slow as our long awaited journey had finally arrived and we set everything in motion. The ships were boarded. Men and women were ferried to the Black Sea and Kiev to start their journey. Norland seemed to empty itself with each day that passed.

Then, one day, it was suddenly the day.

"Are you ready?" I asked Jasmine as we boarded my flagship, gazing out at Norland as the remaining people saw us off. My family was on the ship, as were my children with Ragnar vibrating with excitement with such intensity I worried he'd wear a hole in the ship.

In response, Jasmine reached out to Rajah, running a hand over the nape of his neck as he curled up around her feet. Her gaze lingered on the city that she spent the past few years in. As a hostage and prisoner. In name only, but still one all the same.

And now she was returning home for the final time before sailing half a world away. Away from her family. Her home. It was different than with Jill, Astrid, or Morrigan. For them, this trip was always temporary and they had the knowledge that they would one day return. That wasn't the case for Jasmine.

"I don't know," Jasmine confessed, her lips twisting into a frown beneath her veil. "I thought I was, but now it feels… very real," she admitted.

"It does," I agreed, watching as Hoffer led the ships out of the harbor to clear our path. For there was one last order of business that had to be settled before I returned home.

I had a wedding to attend.

"I like you well enough for someone who kidnapped me and held me hostage," Jasmine said, sounding more exasperated than anything. "I know you won't mistreat me. I've seen you with your children, and I can't imagine you'd love ours less than you do Ragnar, Magnus, Scathach, and Aife. And I've had years to wrap my head around the idea, but… We're getting married," she said, and I could see that it was really settling in on her now.

So, wordlessly, I offered a hand for her to take. She looked down at it for a moment, noticing the calluses and the small scars from battle, farming, and my art. When she looked back to my face, she gave a small grateful smile as she took my hand and gave it a squeeze.

We didn't love one another, but I hadn't loved Astrid when we were married either. Now I couldn't imagine my life without her. Her, Jill, or Morrigan. I hoped that it would be the same for Jasmine, and I think she hoped for the same, but only time would tell.

Then, together, we said goodbye to Norland and set sail for the Abbasid Caliphate.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Eerrw and 756 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Trees Whose Shade Shall Never Be Known New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#5,995
Hadi sat on a cushion, looking out at the festivities as they awaited the groom, as well as his bride in this unique case. Everyone worth mentioning in the Caliphate had squeezed themselves into the royal palace for the wedding, and Hadi could almost see the division between the people from his place of honor.

It was expected. Caliph Harun would have to be blind, deaf, and dumb to not see the potential division that the marriage between his sister and Siegfried, a pagan, the Pagan, would cause. There were whispers and mutterings when the match was announced only days beforehand -- partly because they had been summoned without knowing the reason why, so they had begun to speculate. They dreamed of another invasion, or perhaps of wedding their daughters to the Caliph.

Yet, the match wasn't as divisive as Hadi had prepared for. In all likelihood, that was because of his efforts to obscure what had truly happened behind closed doors and on top of the pyramid. Hadi paid the gossips and rumormongers well to tell conflicting stories -- that Harun had strong armed the Pagan into the marriage, that Siegfried was flirting with the idea of converting to Islam, that Jasmine had fallen in love and desired to marry the Pagan and Siegfried desired to honor the marriage in the eyes of her family.

Likewise, Hadi also spread less charitable versions of the story -- that Siegfried demanded the marriage, and marrying them in the eyes of Allah was all that Harun could manage. That Harun was breaking from traditions and setting a new precedent. That Jasmine had been despoiled in her time of captivity and this was a measure to restore her honor and to ensure that the baby in her stomach wasn't born outside of wedlock. He had every possible version spread far and wide and, in doing so, revealed who stood where by which version they parroted in low whispers when they thought no one could overhear.

That was just an added benefit. The real goal was to confuse everyone on what exactly led up to the wedding, so they were uncertain on whether they should be outraged or overjoyed. As Hadi had found out on the field of battle -- there was no better enemy than a confused one.

And there was no doubt about it anymore -- Hadi was utterly surrounded by enemies. Including the one that sat directly next to him.

"You're frowning again," Sheba remarked, entirely too amused. "How can anyone hope to approach the esteemed Emir Hadi, Conqueror of the Umayyads, if he glares so openly?" That was exactly what he was trying to accomplish. And his efforts were constantly being sabotaged by his wife inviting conversation with those around them. Which, naturally, were other Emirs.

None of whom were particularly pleased that another had joined their illustrious number, especially considering he was still regent for another and would be for the next half decade. It certainly didn't help things that he had barely been a Sheikh before his meteoric rise. A rise that was so sudden, so absurd, that even his father worried for him.

Because… somehow… Hadi had found himself as one of the most powerful men in the Caliphate, second only to the Caliph himself. And, as impossible as it might seem, no one was less happy about it than Hadi himself.

Worse, he couldn't even blame someone else for his misfortunes this time. He'd harbored suspicions about what Harun intended when he placed Hadi in charge of the army that had more or less walked into the Umayyad Caliphate since Siegfried had kicked in every door before they arrived, if he didn't outright steal them during his raid. He'd suspected, but he didn't act. The cost would have been too high -- that was the ultimate danger of climbing your way up the social ladder.

The higher you went, the further you had to fall. Defeat, if he was lucky, would have meant execution for Hadi. Harun would have had to execute him, because it wouldn't just be the second failed invasion of the Umayyads, it would be the second failed invasion that was connected directly to Harun himself. Odds were if Hadi had decided to cut and run, leaving the army to be ravaged by those bloodthirsty monsters called the Paladins -- Harun would be facing outright revolt. And, sadly, Hadi wasn't quite ruthless enough to condemn the Caliphate to such a fate, even more so when he knew that the Romans would come sweeping through in the next couple of years.

As much as Hadi would like to blame Harun, Siegfried, or even his own father for this mess… the truth was that the blame for his ascension rested squarely on his own shoulders. Truly, he was his own worst enemy.

"I'm sure they'll make due by speaking to the esteemed Sheba, Queen of Trade," Hadi replied dryly, his gaze sweeping over the throne room. Everyone who met his gaze looked away, and plenty looked at him from the corners of their eyes. He could practically hear them thinking how they would take advantage of him. Or assassinate him. Or both.

"It is but a few hours, my dear Emir husband," Sheba teased, patting his hand reassuringly. "The celebrations will be entirely too short, I say. Hardly befitting a royal wedding."

Given that the whole affair would last a grand total of twelve hours, ending upon Siegfried's departure in the morning? It was quite short for a royal wedding. "The less time they're here, the fewer chances for this to go horribly wrong." That was more or less the guiding principle behind the wedding, obscured through excuses of the pagan fleet wanting to take advantage of the fair weather to begin the long journey home.

Out of the corner of Hadi's eye, he saw a servant approach Harun to whisper something into his ear. Hadi suspected what, but it was confirmed when the same servant approached him, and the other Emir's, to relay the message. "Princess Jasmine has arrived, with the Lord Siegfried. They are attended by a thousand men." Having Siegfried and a thousand of his men in Baghdad was the stuff of nightmares, but they were here to seal an alliance instead of pillaging them so thoroughly that he took people's houses like he had the Umayyads.

The other Emirs were silently furious that he had been informed first, but they kept their tongues still as they waited for the news to travel. On occasion, they were updated -- the royal party had arrived, they were offered some quarters to change and be refreshed, and so on. However, it was the final warning that mattered and Hadi took a bracing breath as an announcer took position by the door as it opened.

"Welcoming Princess Jasmine, daughter of al-Mahdi. Joined by her betrothed… Lord Siegfried the Wolfkissed." The man announced and Hadi had to keep his expression neutral as the pair entered the room.

Siegfried had grown even larger than when he last saw him, near a year ago. He had been a head taller than most then, but now he was head and shoulders taller than anyone in the room. He was dressed in their style of clothing, richly embroidered with golden thread until it appeared that he was wearing a tapestry. His blood red hair was left unbraided, simply pushed back and to the side, his red beard cut close so as to not hide the scar on his neck.

At his belt was said to be a sword known as Gram -- a sword of legend amongst his people. He was one of the few that were permitted arms in the presence of the Caliph.

He was joined by Princess Jasmine, who wore the same style of dress -- black and red with golden thread woven into a vibrant design. She walked with him, arm in arm, appearing unbothered how the room went silent as abruptly as a flame being snuffed out when a bucket of water was dumped on it. The reason was rather obvious.

They had entered the room as if they were already married.

"Well, this is off to a great start," Hadi muttered under his breath, looking down mournfully at his cup of water and wishing it were wine. Now that he was someone important, people actually cared what he drank. That, and it was harder to hide poison in water.

Hadi watched the proceedings as they unfolded before him -- Harun welcoming Siegfried and his sister, confirming their betrothal for the high lords. None of whom were too pleased, and not even the news that Siegfried had been a silent ally in the years since the battle of Ravenfeast had warmed them to him. Harun had expected that. So, he did as Hadi had advised.

He buried them with news, dividing their attention on what they should be angry about.

"My father called Rome an old man that was collapsing under its own rot," Harun announced, and, as always, the Romans made for a convenient common enemy. "Many in this room thought that Empress Irene's ascension was merely the death throes of a collapsing empire, yet the flames of ambition have yet to be snuffed out in Rome. Even now, Empress Irene meets with Charlemagne, King of the Franks with the intention of rising from the ashes and restoring Rome to what it was at its zenith!"

The news wasn't exactly news to most people in the room. Many had their own spies, and a meeting between Charlemagne and Irene was difficult to miss. Additionally, most had been warned about the incoming threat beforehand.

"It is us that they wish to use as their proving grounds! Already, Emir Hadi al-Ghayb has fought them in the region of Hispania!" Harun stated from his throne, before a pool of liquid silver, and Hadi felt the attention shift to him. "And there, he emerged victorious!" Harun continued, and the people cheered with a fervor that they didn't truly feel. It was less that they were cheering for him and more cheering that the Franks lost.

His second name of al-Ghayb felt entirely undeserved and like an anchor tied around his neck -- The Unseen. Which could mean that he was a bastard going behind people's backs or, in the worrying context that Hadi found it being used for, to know something that only Allah can know.

As if. How was he supposed to know that the Paladins would chase him so doggedly? A bunch of bloodthirsty hounds, the lot of them. He just kept trying to get away from them, and they kept chasing -- only when it became clear they'd chase him to the ends of the Earth because they seemed to hate him personally for some reason had he used a trap he'd intended to use on Siegfried if he ever had the misfortune of fighting the man ever again.

A trap that was essentially putting the Paladins in a valley and shooting a lot of arrows at them. Then, when they tried to attack, run away. When they tried to rest, attack again. Repeat as many times as needed until the demons were finally dead.

Yet, instead of people seeing that he had been running for his life, they thought he'd planned the whole damned thing.

"It was there, my people, that their intentions were laid bare. A Rome restored to its zenith!" Harun called out, and he was answered with predictable anger. "Or perhaps I underestimate the flames of their ambitions? Perhaps they seek to expand beyond what the emperors of a bygone era dared to reach? Perhaps they set their sights on Arabia? Mecca… perhaps even Baghdad?" More predictable anger, but he was getting the crowd in the right mood.

Hadi's gaze flickered to Princess Jasmine and Siegfried, feeling a bit bad for the bride. Marriage was a woman's lot in life -- if they were lucky, they would be married to a husband that would treat them well, but even if they weren't, any complaints they might have would fall on deaf ears. But, even the Princess' own wedding was being used for politics rather than any kind of real celebration.

And that was by design. They would be wed and on their way before the people had time to let the news sink in.

"Their ambitions must be kept in check! It is here, and now, that I make this proclamation -- I shall see out my father's ambitions! Anatolia shall fall to the sword of Allah, and we shall be His blade!" Harun exclaimed, much to the cheers of the crowd. The proclamation wasn't a surprise to Hadi, and, thankfully Hadi would be left out of that mess.

Though, only because he would be dealing with an entirely separate mess in Hispania. Hadi wanted to weep just thinking about it.

"So let us be merry! Let us celebrate the union of my sister with a common enemy of Rome. For the foe of our foe is our friend," Harun said, and people cheered because they weren't in the mood to do anything but cheer.

Hadi sat back as he watched the traditions being observed as the wedding was rushed along. The entire affair was both befitting of a princess and utterly unworthy of one -- the festivities were without equal, yet the wedding itself was hurried along. For a royal wedding, the festivities should last no less than a week, with the married couple being the center pieces of the celebration. To say nothing of the fact that half the reason people were celebrating was the promise of war against the Romans.

Siegfried presented his gift to Jasmine, as was customary -- his gift was of interest and had aroused some stirring of jealousy. Five thousand talents of gold and silver, including a statue of herself that had been crafted by his own hand. Hadi had heard of Siegfried's growing talent as an artist, but he hadn't seen any of his work before, and it was exceptional. If the statue wasn't made of marble, it'd almost be easy to mistake it for a woman of flesh and blood.

The rites were uttered, the vows were made.

And, with that, their union was made before they were all but shoved into a room to consummate the marriage. It was almost amusing.

Hadi was pretty sure that the Caliph got the script for the event from a family of a girl that had already been pregnant and they managed to tie down the groom mere hours before the baby was born. It really was incredible to see how they just sped through the whole affair, and practically skipped straight to the celebrations.

Which was something that Hadi personally dreaded. Weddings were dull affairs, but at least no one was trying to speak to him. That changed pretty quickly as the lower lords were eager to take the opportunity to curry favor with their betters, usually by echoing whatever opinion that they thought the lord in question had. Sheba just chuckled at his suffering, "Take heart, dear husband. At the rate things are going, we'll be back on the road by morning."

Where he then had to fight Umayyad rebels or Franks. Ugh.

So, he adopted a stern expression in the hopes of scaring everyone off. All the while, he sat above the festivities and observed -- he noted Hoffer, the man that would rule over the nation that Siegfried was leaving in his wake. And what an absurd thing that was -- People may hate him, fear him, but all had to admit that Siegfried was a force of nature. The Bulgarians were brought to heel, the Umayyads were dust in the wind… and he created a kingdom just to leave it behind.

Hoffer, despite gaining the kingdom through the luck of having a generous brother-in-law, seemed determined to earn the crown. He spoke freely with those that were in the know about the kingdom that would be sprouting soon. Deals were being made and promises were whispered, as both sides tried to get as much as they could from the unofficial alliance.

Meanwhile, others of Siegfried's retinue celebrated in earnest. A tall man of the name of Throkell was showing off by drinking directly from a keg, treating it as a mug, much to the cheers of those around him. They might not share a language, but in the end, all men spoke a common tongue. The good cheer did spread, though those that were uneasy with the presence of the pagans were easy to mark out.

It was exhausting, Hadi decided. Deeply and truly exhausting. And it was made all the more exhausting as his stern expression backfired on him as certain people flocked to him, assuming that he disapproved of the marriage. Leaving him to be a voice of reason to people who truly didn't understand how stupid and harebrained their ideas really were.

His wife did what she could for him, but that also came with its own separate headaches.

As the hours went on, as the wine flowed, Hadi found that the number of sober people was dwindling. So much for the pious refraining from intoxication. That being said, a bunch of drunk idiots were easy to distract, so the very first chance that Hadi got, he shoved them in a random direction to make them someone else's problem and he stole away to a familiar balcony.

The same balcony that he first spoke to Harun upon. Where he first earned his father's approval. Where he had been struggling to come to terms with the fact that he was a Sheikh and acknowledged nobility.

Unbidden, a smile crept onto his face. "Oh, what a fool I was," Hadi uttered to the city of Baghdad, which celebrated for the sake of celebrating. "I really had no idea how much worse it could get." Hadi envied his younger self, who truly thought that being a Sheikh was the worst thing that could happen to him.

And now here he stood. An Emir. The second most powerful man in the Caliphate. One who had the Caliph's ear as he was considered a trusted friend.

Truly, he never could have imagined such a fate even in his worst of nightmares.

"You're tired, but happy," A young voice announced from behind him and Hadi looked over to see a vaguely familiar face. Alim. He had grown in the years since his… 'captivity.' Before, he had been just a boy, and now he was well on his way to early adolescence. His dark hair was cut shorter, he lost some of the baby fat that clung to his cheeks, and he was entering that gangly phase where his body was growing faster than he was used to. "You like complaining, but there are things you like about being Emir. Like Lady Sheba."

Hadi held the boy's gaze for a moment before a tired smile did grow, "I suppose I do."

That was something he hadn't seen coming -- that he'd actually grow fond of his wife. She was smarter than him. Better looking for certain. She had enough greed in her to be worthy of a cautionary tale, and he knew it was going to cause him no end of trouble. But she was something of a silver lining to the rain cloud that was the rest of his life.

"I suppose you're right there," Hadi admitted as Alim walked over, leaning on the balcony with me. "Do I even want to ask how you know that?" It was a genuine question.

"You told me," Alim replied, and that was a no. No, he did not want to know. "Not with your words, but with your voice." That made so little sense that Hadi just had to question it.

"...Do I want to know?" Hadi asked again, feeling an odd sort of acceptance just wash over him. He wasn't entirely sure what he was accepting, and he didn't think he was particularly happy about what he was accepting, but he accepted it all the same. Whatever 'it' was.

"Not really," Alim admitted. "But you think you should."

Hadi searched his feelings as he gazed out at the city of Baghdad, as the torches and fires that illuminated the city and made the shadows dance alongside its inhabitants. Alim was right on the mark. It felt a bit like knowing there was a snake in your bedroom -- sure, you could sleep in the room just fine, but would you want to? "Please tell me you're not some Umayyad prince. I don't think my heart could take it if I had been accidentally concealing one."

There was amusement that danced in Alim's eyes, "I'm not."

"Then who are you?" Hadi finally asked, even as he braced himself for the answer.

"My name is Khalid ibn al-Walid, named after my ancestor, the Sword of Allah," Khalid introduced himself and Hadi stilled. That… Almost made him wish that Alim had been an Umayyad prince instead. Because that would be easier to swallow.

There was a beat of silence as Hadi absorbed the information, "I thought your family perished from a plague." That did explain some things about A- Khalid. In particular his strange relationship with Zafir.

"Some did," Khalid replied, sounding unbothered. "But most were killed and the plague was used as a cover. A cover by the Umayyads, who sought to reinforce their grip on the Caliphate, and my family stood in the way of that."

That was something that Hadi could understand. Khalid ibn al-Walid… he wasn't a prophet, but he had been instrumental in the rise of Islam. You didn't get a title like 'the Sword of Allah' without good reason, and he had provided many good reasons over the course of his lifetime. Hadi had no idea how divine intervention actually functioned, except when it was out to get him, but there was an argument to be had that the rise of Islam would have been impossible without Khalid ibn al-Walid. To the point it was as if Allah had purposefully placed him in the path of the Prophet Muhammad.

Any family that had a direct connection to the prophet and the rise of Islam would naturally have great amounts of prestige as their ancestors, less than two centuries ago, had laid the foundations for their way of life and religion. The family of the Sword of Allah? To the Umayyad dynasty, which would have been still in its infancy after the fall of the Rashidun Caliphate, as it was the Umayyads who made the title hereditary…

"Some of my family survived and went into hiding. Waiting," Khalid continued and that… sounded ominous.

"For what?" Hadi asked, finding himself curious. Fascinated, really.

"I don't know," Khalid admitted, and that was a little disappointing. "I think for my family to be restored, or for the fall of the Umayyads. It was my great great grandfather's hope that we could be restored to what we were before… but we have no proof of our blood. And, looking at you, I think being a noble sounds exhausting."

That startled a laugh out of Hadi. He tried to swallow it down, but that just made more chuckles bubble out of him. He couldn't exactly say differently. "So, what then? Why reveal yourself now?" Hadi asked, leaning heavily on the balcony.

In response to that, Khalid pointed towards the city. He wasn't entirely sure at what until he saw a mountain of a man dancing with a woman far off in the distance. They were dressed in plain clothing, making it hard to guess who the woman was, but there was no mistaking Siegfried. Meaning that the woman was likely Princess Jasmine.

That got another small laugh from Hadi -- the two had stolen away from the palace and went to celebrate amongst the peasants.

"I know what Zafir wants for me," Khalid said, lowering his finger as he continued to gaze at the two, who danced before a fire, seemingly much happier to be away from the nobles. "But he doesn't understand. He can't. It's not because he doesn't want to- it's just that he can't. Siegfried makes things sing. He turns stone into what it wants to be. He turns lonely buildings into a city."

Hadi really wasn't sure what to make of that phrasing. That made it sound like the stone and buildings were talking to Khalid.

"That's what you're doing in Hispania," Khalid continued. "You're trying to build something there… and I want to help. I know it won't be easy. And there will be a lot of fighting… but I want to see it. Your ideal kingdom." There was a quiet passion in Khalid's voice, an earnestness that was hard to dismiss.

"My ideal kingdom, hm?" Hadi asked, watching the princess dance with the Pagan, and he saw a bright smile on her face. One that wasn't going to be possible in the palace.

Hadi had no grand ambitions. Or far reaching sights for the future. He didn't care if his name was etched into history, or if he was forgotten by the sands of time.

He just wanted to be able to wake up late, nap during the afternoon, and slack off during the evening. And, to prevent any rebellions, it'd be best if everyone was slacking off right alongside him.

"Wouldn't that be a sight?" Hadi questioned, knowing that it was utterly impossible for a kingdom. He, however, could and most certainly would slack off and take plenty of afternoon naps. And since a kingdom actually needed someone willing to put in the work…

Who better than the descendent of the Sword of Allah? What better bloodline to rise from the ashes to take over and lead the land of Hispania? Certainly better than a barely noble like himself.

Hadi smiled at the thought -- of handing over his title of Emir to the boy next to him, and living out his days in peace.

It wouldn't ever come to pass, Hadi knew.

But… damn, it sure was a nice dream.

…​

So ends the Byzantine arc for the story. It was a lot of fun, even if it wasn't entirely what I imagined. Pretty early on, I decided to break from my intended plans for the university -- where Siegfried would learn a lot there, power level his learning, and unlock branches of the tech tree. But I decided against it because it really felt like I'd be speed-running the Industrial Revolution.

I know some people would have loved that, but I think it would have possibly ruined the story if I committed to my original plans. While Sieg would have needed to hit the books for those perks, the innovations would have felt completely unearned. What I have planned now is something that I feel is a much stronger plotline.

However, in hindsight, I do wish I spent a little more time at the university itself. Kinda feels like I threw out the baby with the bathwater with that plotline.

Anyway, there are some seeds planted for the future while wrapping up the last of the loose ends. Starting the next chapter, we'll be returning to Norway and then Denmark. I have some big plans for it, but they could use a little fine-tuning.

So, odds are, when this chapter hits public release, I will probably take a week or two off for Legends Never Die. There were two books about the Norse that I had planned to read by this point, but I never got around to it, and it would give me a chance to build up my backlog for the story, which has gotten rather thin.

With that out the way -- I hope you've enjoyed the arc and that you're looking forward to everything that comes next!

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Eerrw and 768 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 19, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Home At Last New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,065
As soon as everyone had sobered up from the wedding, we set sail for Norway.

At the port, everyone said their farewells. Hoffer embraced his sister, knowing that this would likely be the last time they saw each other. The same was true for many others—those who chose to stay behind said their farewells to family and friends who would be returning with us.

Many tears were shed on both sides, but under the sorrow there was a hunger to begin the next adventure. And, with heavy hearts filled with excitement, my people began the long awaited journey home.

We didn't visit Crete again, though Hoffer was already sailing that way, determined to use the army that he now had to take control over the port. We sailed by Sicily, then Sardinia, and then to the Gibraltar Strait. It was the point of no return, I knew. After we sailed through it, we would have officially left the Mediterranean.

It would be a lie to say that it wasn't a little tempting to stay. To call off all of my plans and simply remain in the Mediterranean. The life I could build here… It would be an easy life. A good life, I think.

But not the life that I wanted.

I kept my thoughts to myself as we sailed through the strait, hugging the coastline of Hispania with a fleet numbering hundreds of ships. My Map started proving it's worth as it traced the coastline as we traveled, proving that the landmass of Hispania was more… squarish, than I'd anticipated. Day by day, we followed the coastline -- while the sun was up, we would sail, and when the sun went down, we would rest. My warriors were prepared for the journey, but not all were so used to life on a ship.

Blistering Speed made up for the time lost resting, however, with my fleet moving swiftly as the gods put a strong wind behind our sails and a fast current beneath our hulls. Even still, it took the better part of two weeks to fully round Hispania and reach the Frankish coastline.

By then, I suspected, Irene and Charlemagne would have learned of what I had done. Of my alliance with the Abbasids and, by now, Hoffer should have secured his grip on the island nations. I could only imagine what their reaction would be, but I suspected it would have been a black rage. A true fury as they realized they had been outplayed by someone they hadn't deemed a player. Perhaps it would even overshadow the meeting in Rome. I hoped so. Especially if Harun made good on his promise to seize Anatolia.

It would be a fight there, I knew. Irene had been prepared for an attack when I left her lands. Though, I knew those plans of defense relied upon her control of Crete and without me there to stop it, the plan Harun's father came up with had a real possibility of succeeding this time.

It was a true shame that it would likely be months before I learned of the events that I left in my wake. So many things that only were set in motion after I had walked out the door… honestly, I half expected some kind of reprisal as we sailed up the Frankish coastline that consisted of what had once been Gaul. Some kind of resistance as we stopped on occasion to hunt or rest within Charlemagne's territory. We were being shadowed, certainly, but as we sailed north, past the stretch of land that jutted out of Gaul, there was nothing.

Charlemagne didn't want to pick that fight, I think. Less because he was scared and more because he couldn't be bothered, I expected. After all, the more resistance that I faced, the longer I would be within his kingdom.

More days past as we sailed around the jutting landmass and sailed east once more. And, it was there that I saw it with my own two eyes.

"That there is Britannia," I said, holding Ragnar and Magnus both with one arm while Scáthach and Aífe were cradled by the other. "The Romans didn't believe that it existed for a time. They only truly believed in its existence once Caesar landed on it to conquer it. Though they never did conquer it, not truly. They came close, but politics got in the way and they had to abandon their progress. I imagine that they always intended to resume the invasion, but they never got around to it and the opportunity was lost to them."

My world was so much broader now. It wasn't something I'd ever really noticed before, but I was looking at proof now that made it so very clear. A few short years ago, I would have said it was impossible that an island lay west of Denmark. Everyone knew that there was only a vast unending ocean that way. And all who tried to prove otherwise were swallowed up by the great waves of the North Sea. Now, not only did I know of its existence, I also knew its history, having studied what lay beyond that coastline and its white cliffs, which seemed as formidable as any castle wall.

"Somewhere on that island there is a wall called Hadrian's Wall. When it became clear that they wouldn't conquer the island, the Romans built it to keep out the Barbarians." I continued, finding myself eager to learn more recent history. All the information I had was outdated by centuries -- what did those lands look like now? What did they contain?

Enemies, almost certainly, as I could see scouts overlooking the fleet upon the stark white cliffs.

"Did it work?" Ragnar asked and I chuckled at his hopeful tone.

"For a time, perhaps," I told him. "But when Rome faced crisis after crisis, they pulled their garrison from the island. After that, Britannia would be abandoned to be invaded by the Saxons." Ragnar was visibly disappointed that the wall didn't work, but he said nothing. So, to distract him, I continued. "However, to the west of Britannia is another, smaller island called Ireland. And that island is where Morrigan hails from." That perked him up.

I was then pestered with questions I didn't have the answers to, so I looked to the helm of my ship to find Morrigan gazing off into the distance at her homeland. Her lips were thinned and she gripped the railing with white knuckles -- she seemed angry, almost. But, I knew what she truly felt, largely because I was feeling it now myself.

It was… strange to be so close to home, a place that had so many memories, yet so far away at the same time. Jill was with her, so I needn't worry, but it also didn't seem the time to get answers for Ragnar's insatiable curiosity. So I gave what answers I could, then shocked Ragnar with proof that I didn't have all the answers as he apparently thought I was Odin.

Morrigan's tension eased once we continued on, leaving the province behind us, but by that time, it was my turn to grow tense.

I began to recognize the terrain around us, and the memories returned. I saw the entrance to the Rhine, which I had traversed the first time with but a few ships to join a war I couldn't have imagined the scope of at the time. Then the Elba River, where I had gone on my first raid and earned great glory. It brought me back to a time when I thought my destiny ended at being a warrior for Horrik.

It was a bittersweet feeling. One I knew Jill shared.

It only grew worse as we sailed up the coast of Denmark. There was a tension that I found hard to describe -- I was so close to my destiny. My ambition. I could simply give the order and we would land in my homeland once more. Horrick already knew of my return -- there were archers and scouts behind every tree, waiting for us to land and begin our invasion.

Again, I would leave us both disappointed as I had to sail further north, to Norway. I needed to regroup with King Hoffer…

And fulfill an oath I'd made to the gods.

As we sailed up to Norway, it was Astrid's turn to grow anxious as she began recognizing signs of her home. However, unlike Morrigan, Jill and myself she found satisfaction, as she was returning in truth. Sailing up the coast of Norway, the final day of our journey arrived as we caught sight of the island settlement that Astrid once called home.

It had grown larger since I last saw it, including a palisade that now surrounded what had been the original town. It was hard to gauge how much it had grown in the past few years since it became the seat of a king, but I'd call it three or four times as large as it was. There were houses that were pushed up to the beaches, while a second dock had been built.

Our arrival didn't come without warning -- we had sent a few ships ahead of us to inform them that we were coming, even if they hadn't already heard by rumor. A crowd gathered at the docks in a familiar sight, and even from so far away, it was a simple thing to see Hoffer the Vast, now King of Norway. He stood a head and shoulder over everyone while he was built two grown men wide.

It also made it easy to see those that were standing near him. My heart lurched in my chest as we were welcomed with cheering, my flagship sailing into the harbor first. It jolted when we reached the dock and I was the first to step off the ship.

I hadn't realized I had been holding my breath until I found myself being embraced by my mother, who was so much smaller than I remembered. She wrapped her arms around me, hugging me so fiercely that I thought I might crack a rib. It was a struggle to not return the hug with all my strength, knowing that was a bad idea, but I still wanted to.

I might have given in to the temptation if it weren't for a punch to my shoulder, and I looked over at Halfdan, finding my brother grinning at me. "Looks like I can't call you little brother anymore. What were they feeding you down there? Giants?" He asked with a laugh before he joined in on the embrace. I laughed because he wasn't wrong -- neither of my brothers could be described as short men, and I now stood a head taller than both of them.

My gaze went to Haldur, and he held it for a moment before a smile found it's way onto his face. He too joined the group hug, following my sisters.

It only truly sank in at that moment, I think -- I was back after a long journey to a land that had been so foreign, it was like another realm. For three years, I had been away on a quest to gain the qualities of a great king… and now I was back, with my family. A weight I hadn't been entirely been aware of lifted off of my shoulders and I found that I could breathe a bit easier now.

Surprisingly, it was Mother who pulled back first, looking up at me with pride shining in her eyes. "You look strong, my son. Did you find what you were looking for?"

"That and so much more," I replied, resting my hands on her shoulders. Out of the corner of my expanded vision, I saw the others disembarking, so I took a step back. "But, before I begin that tale… let me make introductions. Astrid, Jill, and Morrigan you know -- but these are our children. Ragnar, Magnus, Scáthach and Aífe." I said, ushering Ragnar forward as he looked up at everyone.

My mother's expression softened with a quiet joy when she heard Ragnar's name. Ragnar proved he was as gentle of a soul as my eldest brother had been because when he saw the tears shining in her eyes, he immediately moved to reassure her. My mother lifted her grandson up into her arms, half crushing him into her chest. "A fine name, Siegfried. A strong name."

It was a sight that lightened my heart, but there was one more introduction to be made. "And this is Princess Jasmine of the Abbasid Caliphate. My wife," I introduced Jasmine, placing a gentle hand on her back and ushering her forward.

I could tell that she was a little overwhelmed. Her expression was blank, but she leaned on Rajah, who was earning more attention than Jasmine herself. Her gaze flickered between my family, and I imagined she felt a little out of place. For us, this was something of a homecoming -- we were amongst out people once more. Jasmine, however…

"Welcome to the family, Princess Jasmine. My son wrote of you in his letters," Mother said, offering a gentle and welcoming smile. Jasmine returned it tentatively, approaching on her own. Meanwhile, Halfdan clapped me on the shoulder once more.

"You've been busy, brother. You told us that you'd be coming back this summer, so we decided to leave it as a surprise but… meet one of your nephews! My son, Harald!" He said, stepping to the side to reveal a woman carrying a baby that was of age with Magnus.

"Congratulations, brother! The family is growing," I said, taking in a slow breath and letting it out. I saw it all from where I stood -- Astrid was reuniting with her father, I saw the children of my sisters standing nearby, and I saw a woman who I suspected to be Haldur's wife, who also carried a child.

I also saw little Arne, who wasn't so little anymore. Now a child of five years or so, he was growing like a reed.

I hadn't realized how much I had missed everyone until I returned. So much had happened. So much had changed. But, at this moment… it felt like the future was falling in place before me.

…​

I had been more or less right in my estimation of how much the town had grown -- it housed some five thousand people now, which likely made it the largest settlement in Norway several times over. It was strange to see, in a way. I had grown used to the style of the Romans and the Abbasids. More than that, I had witnessed first hand how great the cities were in the Mediterranean.

Norway's capital wouldn't even be called a city in the Roman Empire. It would be a town, at best. The differences between them were so vast that I struggled to even call this place a city in my own mind. I could also see the glaring issues with it, largely because I was familiar with them. Hoffguard, as it was named, suffered from rapid expansion that it wasn't quite prepared to handle.

The Longhouse, a building that would have impressed me before, seemed so… unassuming in comparison to the Hagia Sophia or Colosseum.

Yet, we were swiftly ushered inside of it where Hoffer the Vast stood before a crowd of people. Some of whom pricked at my memories, telling me that I had seen a number of them before. They were likely Jarls I had defeated in battle. It was there, in the throne room, that Hoffer addressed his guests. "Now, I know what some of you might be thinking -- but no, this lad isn't one of my sons! I can't blame you for thinking it- I thought the same until I saw the red hair!"

The jest was well placed because, incredibly, Hoffer the Vast still stood taller than me.

There was laughter and cheering before King Hoffer continued. "Three years ago, a boy arrived at my home to marry one of my daughters. A valiant warrior, I knew him as. One worthy of my blood. But I could have never expected the changes that his arrival would bring! For, all of a sudden, I found a crownon my brow and people were calling me king!" There was more laughter and cheering, the festive mood growing.

"His time with us was brief, for we were but a stop on his journey to a far off land. To Miklagard, the greatest city in the world!" King Hoffer continued, stoking the crowds excitement. "In those three years, much has changed. So, I cannot fault any for not recognizing him. So, allow me to once more introduce my son-in-law, Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed!" The cheering took an explosive pitch, people pounding on the tables so hard that they were at risk of breaking.

I took my place in a position of honor, standing next to King Hoffer. The man seemed happy. So happy that one would think that I was here to deliver his family a third crown. I suppose I was, in a way.

It took a few minutes for the cheering to die down, and I looked out at the crowd. It was impossible not to compare the sight to what I saw in Constantinople -- the floor was made of dirt, and a hearth of coals ran the length of the longhouse. The walls were wood, and while there was wealth on display, they would hardly be called trinkets in Rome. It was a real reminder of the task I had set for myself.

"Please, Wolf-Kissed, tell my people of the sights you saw! Of the treasures you claimed!" King Hoffer continued and everyone's attention was on me. I understood it. While I would have preferred to have a more quiet reunion with my family, I understood why King Hoffer took this approach.

In the end, I'd won him his crown. He kept it, of course, but it could be said that a significant portion of his authority was connected to me. Meaning the more influential I was, the more influential he was. Therefore, it also meant that I had a degree of leverage over him for reasons beyond the fact that I was married to his daughter.

"I've put a great deal of thought into how I would tell this story, when I found myself here again," I admitted, looking over the crowd and finding the faces of my family within. "And yet, in the years I've thought of it, I still haven't found the words to describe the things that I saw in Miklagard- a city known as Constantinople by those that live there. I've become convinced that they simply don't exist. So, I believe it would be best to show you."

With that, I made a gesture and a baggage train that I had ordered prepared step forward-- two men carrying a chest of wealth approached the center of the room before they unceremoniously dumped its contents onto the dirt floor. Gold, silver, and jewels spilled out and the crowd was awed. Their eyes widened and their jaws dropped -- it was a fine display. Which made it that much more shocking when another pair emptied another chest on top of the pile. Then a third. Then a fourth.

By that time, the people began to realize what was going on and they began to crane their heads to get a look out the door. Shock rippled through the crowd as word spread that there was a line out the door all the way to the docks where they were still unloading the treasures we had claimed. The pile of gold and silver began to climb higher and higher until it reached a point it could only grow wider.

The cheering began to die down as people could only gape in disbelief at the pile of treasure that seemed to have no end. Even King Hoffer seemed quietly stunned by the display, struggling to close his jaw.

I chose to display my wealth in this manner for a few reasons. It was something that I'd learned from the Romans -- how they beat you over the head with the vastness of their riches. They induced a sense of awe and disbelief because I knew there was likely more gold and silver in this one room than there was in the rest of Norway. Barring what remained in my fleet. Another reason was because I knew that word would spread by way of merchants and spies alike. Horrik would hear of this, as would others.

The final reason was simple -- it solidified my image. My reputation was built on success. I was a warrior without peer, I won battles no one else could, and I won wealth like no other. Three years was enough time for people's memories to fade, so I solidified it in their memories with this. Whenever they imagined success, they would recall a pile of gold as high as a man stood tall.

"The land there is vast, and rich in both history and wealth," I continued, striding forward and began to surmount the pile of treasure that shifted under my feet. "It was there that we found allies… and very rich foes," I continued, reaching the top of the pile and looking down at everyone in the room. There were looks of wonder and fierce jealousy. True Vision marked out those who were merely envious from those who had infiltrated King Hoffer's court at the behest of Horrik. "But, it was there that I gained two treasures worth more than this treasure beneath my feet."

"Is it a bigger pile of treasure?" Someone in the back called out, and a laugh of stunned disbelief rippled out.

A grin pulled at my own lips, "There are bigger piles, but that wasn't what I spoke of." I answered easily, and before the crowd managed to recover from that news, I drew the blade that was at my hip. The Hoffers in the room instantly recognized it, even if it took a different form. "Upon my marriage with Astrid, as per tradition, I received her family blade. But in truth, it was one part of a greater whole, and it was with the conquest of Norway that I found another part. Yet, it was in my time in a sea called the Mediterranean that I found the final piece and was able to reforge the blade."

The tension was palpable as everyone looked at it, and to me. "It is a blade that you all know. A blade that has been tested and verified by the augers. The legendary blade Gram, wielded by my namesake against the dragon Fafnir, has been restored!"

A person could only be so shocked, and I think I was finding the upper limits of it. People rocked back on their heels, and others dropped down on their knees. Sigurd or Siegfried was a hero that we all grew up hearing of. The tales changed depending on who was telling them, but one thing we all had in common was sitting around a hearth and listening to our father, uncles, or brothers telling us about how Siegfried had slain one monster or another.

"What's the third treasure?!" Someone shouted, and I could only imagine what they thought I was going to reveal next.

"The greatest treasure of them all -- knowledge," I answered. "The reason I cannot describe to you the land that I visited is because you can't imagine it. I couldn't. Not until I saw it myself. The roads made of cut stone, statues and carvings so vivid that they look alive. Buildings so tall that this Longhouse could fit inside of them a hundred times over and still have room for more. Cities so vast that everyone here could move there and they wouldn't even notice!"

They couldn't picture it. They wanted to. Fiercely, for some of them. But they couldn't. Not really.

"I went to Constantinople to find the greatest city in the world, and I found it. I spent three years learning all that I could from them and I paid sums that would make this pile of treasure seem like an anthill to bring that knowledge here. All with a single goal in mind -- to surpass the world's greatest city!" My gaze caught the raptured awe of a child who looked up at me, clinging to his mother's dress with a hand.

I smiled, "Some of you may be so fortunate to make the journey yourself one day. Others will not be so fortunate -- so, for them, I have prepared a taste of the Mediterranean!" More servants began to file in, this time carrying platters of food and wine. There was a great cheer that rang out from the crowd, their cries reaching a fevered pitch. And it was then that I sheathed my blade and addressed them a final time. "Drink and be merry! This is a cause for celebration! Our people won great glory in the Mediterranean, so listen to the tales. Just keep in mind that they are only a little exaggerated!"

With that, I slid down the gold and silver, causing an avalanche of it in my wake. King Hoffer watched me as I approached once more, and now his gaze was almost wary. Happy, but wary. "You've grown into yourself, Wolf-Kissed," he acknowledged as we took our seats at the high table. "You were already a man when you arrived the first time… but now it feels like you have reached your potential."

"I've attempted to," I agreed, leaning into the chair. One thing that was nice about the Hoffers being so large was that the furniture was made with men my size in mind. "I'm not sure if I'm quite there yet, however. There is still a long journey ahead of me."

"Denmark and the crown," Hoffer agreed, almost but not quite to remind me. I had to swallow a chuckle -- he really was concerned that I was here to take his crown.

And, in a way, I suppose I was.

"Is there anything you can tell me of the goings of the kingdom? I've tried to keep an ear that way, but the distance made it difficult." I asked, looking ahead as I realized I'd ended up blocking most of our view with the treasure. I asked half because I was curious and half to reassure him that Denmark was still what I aimed for.

Hoffer pursed his lips, looking at the treasure with one eye while the other seemed to take a new measure of me. "I thought it would be ill news, but looking at you now, perhaps you'll just relish in the challenge." He said, meaning that it would be bad news. "Hoffer has made an alliance with the Swedes, Geats, Sami, Finns, and Rus. He worked some black magic and turned those fields in Denmark into an endless sea of grain. He offers it alongside a king's weight in silver. Now, he already had some alliances back when he was aiming for the throne, but since then, he's solidified them. And those that had his favor find themselves rising to the top wherever they are."

The latter, I wasn't that surprised by. Charlemagne already threw the fact that he'd gifted Horrik a vast sum in my face, so I expected it. What I didn't expect was the grain.

My lips thinned as I realized that Horrik must have stolen my farming techniques and implemented them across Denmark. That was… both good and not good. It was good because it wasn't something I would have to force when I took the throne, but it helped solidify Horrik as king in the eyes of the people. In their perspective, Horrik became king and now they had more foodstuffs than they knew what to do with.

It was an irritating reminder that Horrik was good at curating his image and reputation.

"He's also been hiring every mercenary that can hold a weapon," Hoffer continued. "We've had some raids, and so have the Saxons. I figure Horrik wanted to weaken us before your arrival."

Also within my expectations. "His numbers?"

"Rumor puts them as many as fifty thousand, but the truth of it is closer to thirty," Hoffer answered, searching for a reaction. His brow creased when there wasn't one. "Gods be good -- what happened down there where thirty thousand men doesn't send a shiver down your spine?"

That got a small smile, "I faced worse odds." I would bet on my ten thousand against Horrik's thirty any day of the week. I would make that same bet even if he had fifty or sixty thousand. My people were fierce, but I knew their strengths and weaknesses better than anyone at this point. The thought was an arrogant one, but a well deserved one I felt.

I couldn't imagine myself losing against Horrik.

No, my challenge would be something wholly different.

"Well, you needn't face them alone. I have five thousand warriors at the ready to aid you in this battle, Wolf-Kissed." I didn't even factor in Norway and Saxony into my thoughts for the war. "You've given much to my family. I am king. My son rules the waves in this Mediterranean sea. While my daughter shall soon be a queen. I am eager to pay back your generosity, Wolf-Kissed. We can set sail at your command."

Hoffer was an honorable man. It was a welcome relief after everything I had dealt with in Rome. Morrigan was right -- I couldn't reach my true potential in that land, as I would always be an outsider. A pagan. Here… I was more than that. To some, I was more than a man.

"You have my gratitude, King Hoffer… but there is one order of business that I must see to first before I return to my homeland. An oath I made before the gods on my armring," I said and his expression grew heavy. That was no light matter. "Have you heard tale of a large wolf in the area? Black as night, with one eye."

King Hoffer held my gaze for a moment before he offered a small nod, "Aye. I heard tales, but I thought it was the usual gossip making the rounds. He's on a small island to the north of us, about a few hours by boat." His lips thinned, "People thought it was an ill omen. There's a sacred grove there. People have taken to calling the beast Fenrir. Is that the one…?"

"Aye," I confirmed with a nod, a hand reaching up to my neck. "He's the one that gave me this kiss. I took his eye in return, and we both barely survived each other. I've seen the wolf twice since. Each time in times of… difficulty." When I buried the bodies of my kin on a ravaged farm, and again when I had to slay a good man in a duel because of the sins of his father.

"This time shall be the last. In the morning, I shall visit the island… and there, I shall fulfill my oath."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Eerrw, DownByDog and 784 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Oath Fulfilled New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,100
"Tell me of your journey, Siegfried. I want to hear all of it," Mother requested in a tone that felt more like an order. There was a point in time as a child that I hated that tone, as it usually meant my brothers had offloaded their chores onto me, but now it was a balm to my spirit. My family was seated together as we finally got a moment to reunite in the early morning the day after our arrival.

Words couldn't describe how good it felt to see my family all under one roof again. The children were all together, playing as the rest of us sat around a hearth. My wives, sisters, and goodsisters were all together while my immediate family sat at the same table for the first time in years.

I looked to my brothers, who both nodded, eager to hear the full tale. Even Haldur, who I'd expected to be more jealous. "The tale is a long one," I warned, but Mother just reached out and grabbed my hand, her eyes shining with a silent pride.

So, I began the tale. I started with our departure, how we struggled to find a guide until we found a snake of the name Michalis. The journey down the Dnieper River, our arrival. Our campaign in Greece, meeting the child Emperor and his mother, then Regent now Empress Irene. The events of Crete, the battle of Ravenfeast, battles of influence with Chares… it was only when I began the tale that I realized just how many things had happened in a few short years. It almost felt like a full life time when I was describing it.

My family's reactions to some things were a highlight of the tale -- my brother's expressions when I explained what a eunuch was. My sisters and goodsisters when I described the cities and the riches within. In particular the silks and perfumes. There were times that my skills as a skald simply failed me -- how could I describe the Hagia Sophia to someone whom a Longhouse was the grandest building they had ever seen?

Even still, my mother looked upon me with a loving adoration, wearing her pride openly, which only intensified when she heard of every success.

"You've done well for yourself, brother," Halfdan said as my tale finally reached its end. "Honestly, I wish you had held off on telling your story -- you're a tough act to follow," Halfdan said with an easy grin.

"I'm sure you've had your own tales. I doubt that you have been idle for the past few years," I returned.

Halfdan shared a glance with Haldur, and it was he who spoke. "Horrik has a strangled grip on Denmark," he said, and there was an undercurrent of anger in his voice. "He's clever. I will give him that much -- you ended up giving him the perfect excuse when you recruited some thousands of our people," Haldur said, his tone not quite accusatory but speaking as a matter of fact.

"I was worried about that," I admitted. "I'd intended to sap his strength, but that's not what happened. But any news I've heard since is old."

"There was a brief civil war in Denmark around the time the migration happened, and from the looks of things, most of the defeated Jarls went to your banner. Others came here to King Hoffer, or down to King Widukind. Horrik used the opportunity to purge anyone who wasn't a loyalist or cowed into submission." Haldur elaborated and I nodded my head slowly, showing that I was following along. "He slandered you pretty well, then claimed that the gods approved his rule as he changed the farming techniques of our people, and now there is so much grain that some leave it to rot in the field as it's not worth the effort to sell."

Meaning that the over production of grains had saturated the market and made the price fall to near nothing. I'm not surprised that Horrik made that mistake. It's not something that was immediately obvious, especially when our people had such a longstanding history of struggling to produce enough food for us all. I only knew better because I'd seen the same thing happen in Rome as a by-product of my own raids -- pigments and spices were expensive because of the effort to get them in any quantity, but when you flooded the market after raiding several cities worth of the good? It was more plentiful, thus less valuable.

"He's used the excess grain and gold to recruit from the surrounding areas to make up for the lost population. Gives people a bushel of grain and a weight of silver if they come to his lands to work them." Haldur continued. "But, it's not without its issues. It's less of a civil war, and more of a low conflict, but…" He trailed off as his expression pinched.

I could guess the reason why. "There are a fair number of Christians among the people he has brought to Denmark. And of them, there are quite a few that have named you a prophet of the Christian God," Halfdan said, having the exact opposite issue as he couldn't stop himself from cackling when my expression soured.

I had almost managed to forget about that particular headache.

"They're like nothing I've ever seen. The more Horrik grinds them under his heel, the more convinced they are that they're right," Haldur groused. "Also seems like there's always one waiting to take the place of every one killed in a purge. There aren't that many, I don't think. But they've been treating your return as a thing of prophecy rather than an inevitability." He continued, his lips twisting into a grin when he saw me pinch the bridge of my nose.

I'm glad at least someone was enjoying this. Because I wasn't. That, I'm hoping, would be a problem for another day.

"Beyond that, it's been a long few years of skirmishing raids on both our sides. Horrik wanted to sap Norway and Saxony's strength before you returned. Same for us on Denmark. There are a lot of burnt out villages along the coastline, but there hasn't been a true clash between armies. Though, as soon as Horrik got word that you were on your way back, he started to muster his men." Halfdan finished and I nodded, feeling I had a much better handle on the situation now.

"We should pick their armies off before they can group up. Three small battles will be easier to manage than one big one," Haldur voiced, and that was good sense, I could acknowledge. Easier said than done, of course, but it was a good strategy.

However, I shook my head. "It is a fine idea, but it would be best for them to unite." I voiced and Haldur looked at me with eyes full of suspicion.

There was a beat of silence as the tension swelled between us. He was happy to see me, I knew. And I was happy to see him. We were still brothers, still kin. But neither of us were keen to follow the other's lead. He saw himself as the head of our family and, despite whatever misgivings I had about it, by the laws of our people, he was. Yet, I was the one with a personal army and vast wealth.

Haldur was the head of the family in theory, but in practice? I was. And it grated on him.

Mother sensed the issue and nipped it in the bud before an argument could brew. It would do to taint our reunion, after all. "What do you have planned, Siegfried?" She asked and I offered a thin smile in response.

"It is something I must first speak to King Hoffer and King Widukind about," I admitted. I could make all the plans that I wanted, but both men were heavily involved. I didn't think they would resist me when they were informed of my plans, and I figured both men could see sense, but you never knew. To that end, I had decided it was best to keep my plans to myself. "But I do have something planned. Under normal circumstances, Haldur's plan is wise. But under these… it would be best if they unite in Denmark. One great battle."

Haldur's brow furrowed, but it was Halfdan who spoke, "Well, given how your last idea turned out, I say you've earned the benefit of the doubt, Sieg." He wore an easy smile. I could tell he didn't get it, but he was willing to extend some blind trust. Haldur, on the other hand, seemed like he was wracking his brain to figure out how such a thing could be to our benefit.

It was then that I heard a blowing of a horn, and everyone in the room went taut as they realized what it meant. I took in a slow breath before I rose to my feet.

"It's time," I decided. "Best not to leave the gods waiting," I added. I thought I would be more nervous, in all honesty. Even before a battle that I was certain I was going to win, I was always possessed by a nervous energy. An anxiety that made me question my plan or if there was some factor that I had missed. That nervousness was tempered by confidence and experience, but it was still there.

Instead, I felt almost at ease. There was some tension, of course, but… it felt different.

"No, you cannot," Mother said, standing with me. "Your oath is one that must be fulfilled. Your destiny lies beyond this challenge, Siegfried. You cannot falter here," she warned and I offered a thin smile.

"I don't intend to," I told her, giving her hands a small squeeze. I wasn't abandoned by fear, I simply knew that I must win. It wasn't even faith that the norns wouldn't cut the thread of my life in the world tapestry that they weaved in a fit of irony -- I simply had too much that I wanted to do for me to die here. My ambitions would be realized. I was determined to see them through. "So, there is no need for farwells."

I traded solemn looks with my brothers and sisters, all of them trying to swallow their concern. My wives stayed with our children, with Morrigan nowhere to be seen. She would be there, I knew, in her own way. It just wasn't like her to show her support so openly.

Turning to the door, I opened it to see a crowd had gathered before my door. Word had spread of my intentions like a wildfire. There were many who were still drunk from last night's celebrations, but they were still up to gaze upon me with expressions of awe. The crowd was so vast that most of it was lost in a heavy fog that clung to the land.

I said nothing, simply walking forward and the crowd began to part for me. Men and women alike reached out to touch me, as if it would bring them luck or bless them. Their hands glided over my fine clothing, or on Gram at my belt. I wore no armor and carried no shield. I had no reason to think it, but I had the feeling that they would be pointless to bring.

As I walked through the crowd, someone began to beat a spear into the ground. It spurred others on, stomping in sync and with such force the ground began to tremble. Yet, no one uttered a word as if they were afraid it would break the magic of the moment. This, I knew, would be a moment that parents would tell their children that they were here to witness -- Siegfried the Wolfkissed, who sailed to meet the wolf they called Fenrir. And, if the tales could be believed, he had gotten even larger than when I last saw him.

I made my way to the docks on the northern side of the island, and it was there a small dingy ship waited for me. Along with King Hoffer and… Morrigan. Her, I hadn't expected to see.

I stopped before them and Hoffer offered a hand that I clasped while Morrigan dipped her hand into a bowl of blood.

"It would help if you were not so freakishly tall," Morrigan remarked as she reached up with her whole body and dragged her fingers down my face, leaving a trail of blood on one side. "T'is most vexing," she uttered in a low voice, then reaching into a bowl of ash and soot that she then marked the other side of my face with.

"I'll be back soon," I reassured her and, despite herself, concern did shine in her eyes.

"What you face is no mere wolf. It is a challenge set by the gods. They have watched you since you were a boy, as many tell it. They will know how to challenge you," she warned and I nodded, taking her warnings seriously.

All the same, I climbed into the boat to see that the materials that I'd requested were inside. Grabbing hold of the oars, I began to row towards the island that Hoffer spoke of. Standing on the beach was everyone I cared about and loved, their firms slowly retreating under a blanket of fog. When they vanished from my sight, it was only then that the tension began to settle heavily upon me.

I would see them again. I swore it to myself as I rowed.

It didn't take me that long to reach the island as I simply had to row in a straight line. Within an hour, my boat reached the stoney shore of my destination. As I disembarked, I looked for any sign of the wolf, only to see a dense forest with a lone beaten path that carved out by those who made the trip to the grove. However, it was what I didn't see or hear that was more alarming.

I wasn't prepared for how silent the island would be. The only sounds to be found was the sea lapping at the shore and my own heartbeat. I rested a hand on Gram while my other grabbed hold of a bucket that was filled with a few things that I would need once the battle was done. Unnerving or not, there was nothing to do but press on.

Walking the dirt path, it felt like the wilderness was holding its breath. There were no birds singing or chirping, no errant twigs breaking in the distance. Just a loud silence that made every noise I made seem impossible loud as a result. I was going the right way, at least -- effigies started to appear hanging from the branches of trees, while others were painted with symbols to ward off malevolent spirits. Or invite them, if needed.

Because of the silence, I could hear the sound of trickling water before long, and soon after, I reached the source of it -- at the center of the grove was a natural spring. Steam rose up from it, the barrier marked with carved stones while overlooking the grove was a statue of Freya. My feet came to a stop at the edge of the pool, dropping my bucket of supplies and I bent a knee to test the waters with a hand -- they were searing hot, in a pleasant way.

There was no reason for me to know it was there, but all the same, I took in a deep breath and rose back to my feet. Drawing Gram from my belt, I turned around to find that I was nearly at eye level with the great wolf that I was here to slay.

He had indeed gotten bigger -- he was the size of a warhorse, and I was fairly sure that my head could fit nicely in his jaws. His black coat was dark as pitch, while a single lone blue eye gazed at me as it blocked the exit. More disturbingly, I hadn't heard him arrive and, even now, he was so still that it seemed like he wasn't even breathing. That being said, I imagine he had to be thinking much the same about me as I held the wolf's stare.

It was then that I heard the rest of his pack arrive, perking their heads through the bushes and seeming to materialize between trees. My body tensed as the scar on my neck began to ache with memories.

Yet, I was not that ignorant boy anymore.

"Come," I demanded, and that was what they were waiting for. Wolves rushed down into the grove, rushing right for me me. There was a point when I would have been overwhelmed by them, but that was long ago. Gram lashed out with blistering speed, the blade cutting through the air like a song as it passed through the neck of a lunging wolf before it found itself plunged into the skull of another. Blood arced as I swung the blade, taking a step forward to behead another wolf that lunged for my ankle.

My years at war had honed my skills to a fine edge, while the boons granted to me by the gods turned me into something unstoppable. Gram felt right in my hands as the flawless teamwork of the pack was met with death every time that they came near. They were clever beasts, recognizing this fact and instead surrounded me as the grove became filled with their snarls.

Fenrir hadn't blinked since his arrival, but he did move. Silent as the grave, he stalked forward and utterly dwarfed his pack. Slowly, a snarl began to pull back his lips, revealing sharp fangs and I readied myself.

I couldn't afford a long drawn out battle. Not when I had so many to come. I had imagined this fight a thousand and one times since I made that oath, always wondering if I would be ready when the time came.

I was.

Fenrir lunged forward and I greeted him. A wolf lunged for my leg, another my sword arm, and I let their teeth sink into my flesh as I gazed into the maw of Fenrir, who intended to give me another kiss upon my neck. Lashing out with an arm, I wedged my forearm into Fenrir's jaws and snarled back when I felt their bone snapping bite. Fenrir began to yank his head to the side, determined to either tear off the arm or knock me off my feet.

With a howl of effort, I pivoted to match his momentum, my muscles straining with effort as I yanked the beast off its feet to slam it through the wolves that surrounded me on one side, before I heaved it into the hotspring. The waters splashed out and Fenrir yelped, releasing my arm as it started to scramble to its feet.

I gave it no time to.

Bring Gram up to my chest, I lunged with a thrust that caught the beast in the chest, skewering his heart. The other wolves immediately recoiled in shock and fear as, with a harsh yank, I pulled the blade free. Crimson sprayed out from the wound, immediately dying the spring water red and I could see the strength flee from Fenrir. It tried to stand, trying to force itself out of the scalding waters, but every attempt just made the waters more red.

My arm ached, and I knew the bone was broken. The flesh was ripped and wept freely -- it would be a scar equal to the one on my neck to any who saw it.

"Tyr showed me how to defeat you," I told the wolf as more of its strength was sapped until it didn't even have it in him to muster another attempt. "Your namesake was a clever one, who demanded that if he was to be bound, then the God Tyr must put his arm in his maw, for he would lose it if there was any trickery. And as it is a tale of Odin, of course there was. The tale changes a bit depending on who's telling it -- some say Tyr was as deceived by Odin as Fenrir, while others claimed that Tyr sacrificed his arm as penance."

Fenrir's cold blue eye seemed to stare at me, boring a hole through me. Then, in an almost human-like action, the wolf rolled his eye and closed it. His breathing stilled and I knew he was dead. As too did his kin as the pack of wolves immediately fled from the grove.

Morrigan was more and less right than she thought she was. This wasn't a test by the gods. Not truly.

They never once gave me a quest to slay the wolf. It was a task I had set for myself of my own volition. But, it was true that the gods had put the wolf in my path time and time again. Perhaps this was their intention. Perhaps not. The point was -- this was not a test from the gods.

This was a test I had given to myself. To see if I was worthy to lead. To see if I could sacrifice an arm so that I may win the fight.

I'd met my expectations of myself, I decided. Now, it was time for me to claim my prize.

Stripping myself, I stepped into the hotspring with a skinning knife. The hot blood soaked water stung at my wounds, but it would seem that the blood of the wolf was no equal to the blood of a dragon. It mattered little, I decided as I began to drag the body out of the spring. It weighed as much as a horse, too, but I got it clear of the waters.

My skinning knife was of no use against the pelt, so with a silent apology, I had to use Gram to do the skinning. And that was a blatant reminder that I likely would have had a much more difficult fight if I hadn't completed the Quest to restore Gram. If I had tried to use a normal blade against the wolf… this could have gone a very different way.

The black pelt was pushed back little by little, revealing powerful muscle. Given the size of it, and the care I had to take, skinning the beast took the better part of an hour. I separated the head while leaving the pelt attached. It took another hour to clean the pelt to satisfaction and to assemble a frame for it to dry on.

The pelt itself would need to be tanned, but it would do for now.

During the meantime, I started to butcher the body for meat -- the organs were harvested alongside the muscle. It wouldn't be a good meal, I knew, but I was resolved to not waste any of my foe. All the way down to the bones, which I would likely end up giving to Morrigan. I could only imagine the protection charms she could create with the bones of this beast.

The process was a long one. Long enough that by the time I was done, the pelt had dried for the most part. After pulling a few teeth from the other wolves, I made a small button clasp for the pelt before I draped it over my shoulders. The head adorned my shoulder, and such was the size of the beast that despite my size, the end of the cloak still ended at my ankles. I felt sorry for my descendents in that moment -- if they weren't of even size with me, then they would drown in this cloak.

Legendary Artifact Created!

Cloak of the Fenrir​

Armor: +25
Prowess: +15
Prestige: +2000
Monthly Prestige gain: +5%
Renown: +250
Monthly Renown gain: +10%
Norse-Germanic Opinion gain: +25%
Norse-Germania Dread gain: +25%

I breathed in deeply, letting the information wash over me. I hadn't noticed it, but the birds were singing again. "You shall serve my family well," I told Fenrir, patting the head that adorned my shoulder.

My time in Rome had taught me many things, but one of the most important was the importance of symbols. It was the core issue in regard to Iconoclasm, but I saw it elsewhere too -- in crowns, in priestly garments, in the attire of noblemen, and even in the library. Things did not grant authority, but they could embody them. Define them. Just as a crown made all those who saw it know the man whose brow it adorned was a king, so too could a cloak.

I had planned this moment since before we had even set sail to the Mediterranean.

With my new attire, I began to fill the small boat up with the meat and bones of the wolf. It was laden heavy with it, but it still remained afloat.

It was as I stood on the beach, gazing out to the lands beyond that at long last did the gods grant me a quest that I had long awaited. A quest they had finally deemed me worthy of.

Grand Quest Created!​

Objective: Unite the Baltic Sea
Description: Through Conquest, Diplomacy, or Guile, unite the lands around the Baltic Sea. Rewards are dependent on the method used to subjugate the territories. See Map for relevant territories that must be held.

Reward: 1 Boon. 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown

Objective: Subjugate Denmark
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Norway
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Sweden
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Sápmi
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Finland
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Novograd
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Estonia
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Lithuania
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.

Objective: Subjugate Pomerania
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown

Total Reward: 1 Boon, 10 perks, 5000 Prestige, 1000 Renown

Bonus Objective: Complete the unification within 10 years.
Bonus Reward: Legendary Artifact

I gazed upon the Grand Quest of the gods, and a gentle grin tugged at my lips.

"I accept."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Eerrw and 794 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 16, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Plans in Motion New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 23, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,156
People didn't really know how to react once I returned to the island some hours later.

It wasn't that they weren't happy -- there was much rejoicing and celebration. Especially from those who took the wolf's presence as an intensely dark omen as it had denied them a sacred grove. However, for the most part, people were just… stupefied. They gazed upon me, upon the pelt that I now wore as a cloak, and they couldn't believe their eyes.

There were already tales and songs being spun. A runestone was being placed in the grove to commemorate our battle. But, for the most part, people didn't know what it meant. They had taken to calling the massive wolf Fenrir, but when they gazed upon its pelt and they realized its size hadn't been a product of exaggeration…? They began to wonder, however silently, if I really had claimed the pelt of Fenrir.

If I was being completely honest with myself -- I was silently curious of that as well. I hadn't named the artifact that I now wore. The gods did. Was it called that only because the people of Norway had taken to calling the wolf that? Or was it really the child of Loki? Had I somehow interfered with prophecy? The idea seemed too grand for me to believe. Arrogant, almost. Odin himself was subject to Fate and the Norns, yet I had somehow cast off their shackles?

No, that couldn't be the case. I was no god. At most, I was perhaps a tool to them in their ambitions and plots, but the affairs of the gods were well above the ability of a mortal to meddle with.

However, to the people of Norway? Those who already believed that I had divine heritage, if not that I was divine myself?

They were certain in their belief, and they took to wagging their tongues at everyone who would listen. It wouldn't surprise me if word spread across Norway in a matter of hours, and by tomorrow, Denmark and beyond would know. I could shout the truth from the mountaintops until I was blue in the face, but I couldn't hope to outpace the rumors that were already spreading. Which just compounded the issue -- people didn't know how to react.

Because… some of them were starting to think I had somehow averted Ragnarok. And how do you react to the presence of the man who, in your mind, had just saved the world?

"Your homeland is beautiful," I heard a voice announce alongside the crunching of frost. There was a morning chill that still lingered despite it being in the height of Spring. "Harsh. Cold. But very beautiful," Jasmine said, taking a seat upon the log that I sat on, a toy warrior slowly taking shape in my hands with a whittling knife.

"Have you been adjusting well?" I asked her in Norse -- she insisted upon it, citing that it was the language of my people and that she needed the practice. And… well, she did.

"Your mother has been most kind," Jasmine replied with a soft smile. "I thought I hid it better, but she saw my… hesitation at how different things here were." Jasmine admitted, gazing off at the view I had claimed to buy myself some peace that I knew wouldn't last. From where we sat, we had a great view of the mountains and the sea.

I chuckled, "I did warn you."

"You did," Jasmine admitted with a small nod. "I just… I thought I'd prepared myself for it, but…" She didn't finish -- not because she didn't know what to say, but because she didn't know how to say it without it sounding too harsh.

"It is why I went to Rome," I said, carving away at the lump of wood that steadily took shape with every swipe of the carving knife. "The settlements of my people are… small. The people within number only in the thousands at most. I think Ribe in Denmark is the largest settlement my people have, and I doubt that it numbers more than ten thousand." A city, to be sure, but nothing like what I saw in the Mediterranean.

"Well… I suppose it's best if you're starting from scratch. Comparatively speaking," Jasmine allowed, and I chuckled. That was true. It was much easier to prepare a landscape for change if you weren't tearing something down first. "When will you begin? Now that you have sorted things with the wolf?" How she phrased it made me glad that Jasmine was the one to approach.

She wasn't one of my people. She held her own god in her heart, so the wolf whose pelt I now wore was just a very large wolf to her.

"I have already sent a messenger to the lands of Saxony. When they return, we'll set out there… and then we invade Denmark," I said, gazing out and knowing that I was generally looking in the direction of my home. "The campaign will have its challenges -- though, they will be of a very different sort than I'm used to. But, we'll be victorious. And I will be king."

The thought did make my knife hesitate, making me cut a little deeper than I meant to with the toy for Arne. Nothing I couldn't smooth out.

In truth, I had acted as a king for some time now. I had an army, and a city that I'd built with my own hands. I'd engaged in trade, diplomacy, and war with other nations -- always at the behest of the Romans, true, but the experience was still the same. However, it was the title that made my guts tie themselves into knots. It made it feel very real.

I would be a king. Norland, as much I had built it up -- I always knew it was a temporary holding. The people there mattered, as did my governance, but it was always a place where I planned to make mistakes whose long reaching consequences didn't truly matter as they wouldn't affect me.

But a few years ago, I thought a farm would be the height of my ambition, and now conquering a kingdom would merely be a step on my journey.

I both dreaded it and was anxious to get everything under way. I had so many ideas for my kingdom, for my people, that I wanted to implement. Yet, I knew that the price for a crown would be steep -- in blood and deeds alike. And I was no closer to answering a question that had plagued me since I slew Grimar.

"So you shall," Jasmine agreed. "Among other things." She said, bringing my attention to her to find Jasmine placed her hands on her stomach.

She smiled at my widening gaze, "Morrigan confirmed it this morning. I am with child," she said and I took a deep slow breath, savoring the moment.

Wordlessly, I reached out with a hand and held hers. She seemed to appreciate the gesture as she squeezed my hand, a gentle smile tugging at her lips.

Once more, my family would grow. This child would be born into the world as a prince or princess. It renewed my resolve as we shared a private moment, both of us silently excited for our child -- whatever my doubts or my hesitations, I had to build the future that I wanted my child to live in.

I would make mistakes. I would have regrets. But, so long as I moved forward to that goal, I knew I was doing the right thing. So, for them, my grandchildren, and their grandchildren, and even the grandchildren of theirs that I would likely never meet -- I had to follow through. I had to succeed. I had to lay a foundation that wouldn't fracture under the weight of time.

I will succeed. No matter what stood in my way.

…​

In the time we waited for the messenger to return, we acquainted ourselves with our family. The children were all introduced to each other, though most of them couldn't actually do much. Ragnar in particular was winning the hearts of Astrid's side of the family -- he had a great number of aunts, uncles, and cousins who showed great interest in him and he was all but besieged by playmates. It was a good experience for him. He had friends in Norland, but Norland itself had been a dangerous place so he couldn't really get the same experience of just being a child.

For my part as well, it was good to be reintroduced to Astrid's family. Largely because the last time I was here, I had been focused on forging the kingdom of Norway.

"Hoffer the Cleanser is a fine fighter -- better with his fists, though," Astrid informed me as we chatted away at the longhouse, a wrestling competition happening in the square. With my return, and the tale of how I gained my cloak -- the people were spurred to action. Unless King Hoffer wanted every able bodied man joining us, even if they had to swim alongside the ships, he had to put a cap on the number of men that could join. So, he formed competitions where warriors could challenge others who had secured a spot on the invasion.

"The Cleanser?" I echoed, finding myself increasingly unsurprised by the nicknames that Astrid's side of the family created. When every man was named Hoffer, they had to get creative to differentiate between themselves.

"Story is that Hoffer the Cleansed used to be Hoffer the Black on account of his foul temper. Looking at him the wrong way was reason enough to beat someone senseless, or so I hear. That lasted until he picked a fight with Hoffer the Hammer, since the Cleanser was the blacksmith at the time. Don't know what it was about, but the Hammer laid out the Black with a heavy blow -- people even called him the Hammerfist for a while." Astrid explained excitedly as I had to give the tale my complete attention just to follow along.

"The Black ended up falling into a slumber for three whole days after the beating. Just when it looked like he wouldn't wake again, he opened his eyes -- but, the thing is? He was a completely different person! Nice as can be, always lending a helping hand. He even got married and has two boys of his own." Astrid continued before jumping to her feet to cheer when one of the contestants got pinned. "After that, we figured Hoffer the Black had actually been possessed by a foul spirit for who knows how long! And Hoffer the Cleanser beat it right out of 'em! They're fast friends now."

It was a fascinating tale. Not particularly important, but it did feel nice to learn more about Astrid's family. They had been here for generations and they had a very rich history that they were proud of. It was just that history was confusing for everyone outside of their family.

Her family was also vast. Vast enough that it felt like they could fill a town. It only became clear once the countless branches of their family began to return to their homeland once Hoffer the Vast became king, but I was fairly certain that one in every ten men in Norway was a Hofferson. Most were powerless and many times removed from the main branch that ruled their ancestral island, but even they still took pride in their heritage.

"Your family history is rich. I'm surprised the island isn't covered in Runestones," Jill noted, a smile in her voice. She sat to the side of Astrid, keeping an eye on the piles of children that were put in a corner while the competition happened. Thankfully, my children's red hair made them stand out. I'm not sure how the others would tell whose child belonged to who, though.

"As if the menfolk need fatter heads," Astrid snorted. "You got anything like that? Your family ruled over Alabu for generations, haven't they?" Astrid asked the question but only caught herself a second later when she realized what she just asked. She winced but Jill just smiled, patting Astrid's hand in a gesture that she was fine.

And she did seem to be. Since we had returned, I'd kept an eye on Jill. Knowing what we planned was one thing, but the hour of my vengeance had finally arrived. I wouldn't have begrudged her a time of mourning or regret, but if Jill felt those things at all, she kept them very well hidden.

"Of a sort. Alabu was just a village for many generations before my father. It was only my grandfather who turned it into a town… though, calling it as much feels a bit silly now," Jill admitted. "That was what put my father and King Sigfred in conflict, however. Alabu suddenly became worth having, and King Harald, King Sigfred's father, started to take it over by force or by guile. It was a feud that my father inherited and… it shaped him." Jill voiced and…

I wasn't sure if I wanted to learn anything about Horrik. Everything that I would do would be so much easier if he was just an honorless villain in my eyes. A man who would ruthlessly murder to satisfy his own ambition. I knew that wasn't all there was to the man, but…

"I've heard as much," I admitted to Jill. "My mother told me a bit about what your father had mine doing when he served him." Such as playing the part of the traitor, even as Horrik grew increasingly more paranoid.

Jill nodded slowly, "He dedicated everything to his fight with King Sigfred. His life, and the lives of his children…" she trailed off, her expression pinching. Then a small sigh escaped her as she gazed out to the competition and she muttered something that was nearly lost in the sea of noise.

"What an absolute waste."

And I didn't know what to say to that.

…​

The messenger returned after a few days with news that King Widukind was ready to receive us in the same settlement that had delivered to me my ships, what felt like so many years ago. With him, he would bring a force of two thousand men as he could hardly afford to leave his borders so undefended. Charlemagne had kept his promise that he would lead no army into Saxony, but as I understood it, there were frequent raids from Denmark and Charlemagne's fringe nobles that kept him on his toes.

It was then that I departed, choosing to leave Jill and Jasmine behind along with our children. Astrid would be needed in the coming days while Morrigan would keep me informed of whatever plots were brewing around me. I left them in the care of my Mother, along with my sisters and goodsisters, who were in turn protected by five hundred of my veterans. Just in case.

It felt like we had hardly settled down before we were back at sea once more, this time accompanied by five thousand of King Hoffer's warriors. We sailed by the coast of Denmark, and I could see the frantic movements as they responded, ready to repel a naval invasion. Their own ships shadowed us, following along in our wake while their scouts on land kept a very close eye on our movements. That only changed when we landed in Saxony.

In the coming days I knew that the army would be mobilizing to concentrate once they knew where we planned to attack. Possibly their numbers would be bolstered even further with Horrik making promises of rewards to every green boy who could wield a spear, just to make sure he could drown me with sheer numbers.

It was as we arrived in Saxony that I saw things had changed -- a palisade had gone up around the settlement. Telling me that King Widukind had been harried this way by Horrik.

King Widukind himself, however, seemed unchanged as he stood at the end of the docks, waiting to receive us. He was smaller than he was in my memories, but that was only because I was so much larger. Though, I did note that the hints of gray that had formed during the Saxon Rebellion had deepened and spread. He was older, but still strong. Unyielding. And that was how I remembered him.

As my ship docked, I, alongside King Hoffer, were the first to disembark. I saw his gaze flicker between us, yet his gaze lingered on the cloak that I wore over my armor. I knew I cut quite a sight. Very different from the boy who he had seen off years ago.

"King Hoffer," King Widukind greeted Hoffer first before turning to me, his gaze still lingering on the wolf head that adorned my shoulder. "Wolf-Kissed. I see the rumors were true, then. You repaid the wolf who gave you your name," he remarked, a hint of exasperated amusement in his voice.

"Aye. That I have," I agreed with a slight grin. "And now I'm here to repay another wolf that I hear has been troubling your door, King Widukind," I said, offering a hand and we clasped forearms. The gesture was then repeated with King Hoffer.

"That is a relief to hear," King Widukind admitted. "But, first, allow me to offer refreshments as I sense that we have many things to discuss." To that, I nodded as we were escorted into the small town that barely boasted more than a few hundred people, if that. Still, we were received quite warmly by the villagers, as well as King Widukind's army.

I had left an impression in Norway, but I had been a savior in Saxony. Instrumental in its successful rebellion, and the people hadn't forgotten it. As soon as they saw me, I was greeted with people chanting 'Wolfkissed' all the way up until we arrived at the manor at the heart of the village. A simple and unassuming building made of wood with dirt floors.

Wine was quickly offered, and I accepted it while the three of us were seated at three points at a round table. Thankfully, both Hoffer and I had received a bench rather than a chair.

"I have dedicated two thousand men to this alliance," King Widukind voiced, interlocking his fingers as he rested his hands on the table. "I will admit -- it is not as large of a contribution as I'd hoped for, but the years have not been kind to Saxony. Our attention has been divided between Denmark and Francia, and we have bled men in constant raids on both sides." There was a certain grimness in his voice and that told me why the graying had intensified in the years since he won the rebellion.

"Which is why," King Widukind began, fixing a sharp look in my direction, "I'm quite curious why you would allow our enemies to unite behind their fortifications."

That was a bit more direct than I'd expected, and I think that was because I was used to dealing with the faffing around that the Romans preferred. King Hoffer was quick to nod in agreement. "We are your allies in this venture, Wolfkissed. We both owe you much. But, I will confess… I don't understand this move of yours."

I inclined my heads to them, "That is something I have wished to speak to you both about. But, first, what do you mean by fortifications?" I asked and King Widukind answered swiftly.

"Horrik has built a wall between the river of Treene and the Baltic Sea," he answered grimly. "A deep trench was dug, with earthworks built on the other side. A palisade was then put on top of that, making the entire area rather difficult to attack. I believe you gave him quite the fright when you departed three years ago, because he started building it as soon as you left." The Danevirke, I realized.

It wasn't that Horrik had built it, but he had likely expanded upon it. It was initially built some centuries ago to, I now suspect, keep out the Romans.

"I see. It matters little. In fact, that is better," I decided, mulling the information over quickly. The two men seemed unsure about that, so I placed my hands on the table in a gesture of openness. "Before I begin to explain my plans, I wish to ask -- are either of you familiar with what King Charlemagne is currently doing?"

King Widukind's eyes narrowed a fraction, "I have heard tale that he has gone down south to a city called Rome to meet with the Christian Pope. But, none of my spies have been able to give me an answer why. The lower nobility, and even the middling, were kept in the dark." He replied, and he was very interested in what I had to say now. Far more so than Hoffer, who had an ocean between him and the Frankish King.

"He is in Rome discussing an alliance with the remnants of the Roman Empire," I said, and I could tell that the words didn't truly mean much to either of them. King Widukind, as clever as he was, wasn't a learned man. He didn't go to a university where the history of the land was available to him.

"The Romans? I know of them," King Widukind admitted, "But very little. Did they not fall to the Franks long ago?"

"Among others, but yes," I said with a small kid. "However, the Roman Empire had been split in half as it was simply too large to rule efficiently. The Franks invaded the Western half of the empire, while the Eastern half remains to this day. And, it was there that I spent the last three years -- learning their ways. Their strengths… and weaknesses."

There was a certain intensity that entered King Widukind's eyes at that, but King Hoffer remained uncertain. "Aye, so I've heard. The Romans have great wealth, and their food is just as rich. But why do you speak of this alliance with such concern?"

"Because Charlemagne, in the coming years, will marry Empress Irene, the Empress of Rome, with the intention of unifying their realms. Meaning that the Western Roman Empire will rise again," I said, meeting and holding their gazes. "An empire who, at its height, could field armies that numbered in the hundreds of thousands. Who had standing garrisons that outnumbered our combined forces five times over in dozens of regions." A slight over exaggeration, but not by much.

Both of their expressions tightened at the news, but I continued to drive the point home. "Just this year, Charlemagne mustered an army of fifty thousand men for his invasion of Hispania. While he has pledged another twenty thousand to a people known as the Avars. Meanwhile, Rome has an army that can number as many as sixty thousand -- a far cry from what it was at its height, but that is the purpose of their union. They wish to restore Rome to what it was… and it shall be at our border."

"Mine more so than yours," King Widukind voiced, his hands curling into fists so tight his knuckles were bloodless.

King Hoffer seemed unnerved, but in control of himself. "That sounds like a bloody fucking mess. But you don't sound like someone who only has bad news, Wolfkissed. What exactly are you planning and what does it have to do with Horrik and his cronies?"

I couldn't have asked for a better opening, "Because it is my intention to create an empire that can match the Romans." The words didn't register with them at first, earning a blink of surprise from King Hoffer while King Widukind went still. "Rome was built around the Mediterranean Sea. I shall do the same around the Baltic -- but conquering every tribe would be a life's work. There are many that can hide themselves in the shadows of mountains, and they could resist or run for years on end."

I pressed my hands onto the table and spoke clearly, "Which is why I wish to fight a single great battle. I want to crush them on the field so that the defeated return home with word that they couldn't defeat me when they outnumbered us three times over with the largest army our people had ever seen. That will set in motion two things -- the smart ones will bend the knee. The stubborn ones will fight."

I could see that it was sinking in at this point. King Hoffer's jaw was slowly dropping as he realized the scope of my ambition. King Widukind, however, already figured out my plan. "You intend to unite them against you."

"I do. To the local Jarls, I will be far greater a threat than some Romans that they have never heard of, and they will unite out of fear of me. I will allow them to, as it will save me the trouble of hunting them down." I continued as I slowly stood up. "The entire process, if done right, should only take around three to five years. At most." Far ahead of what the gods offered as a deadline, and perhaps if I was more diplomatically inclined, I would need those ten years.

No. I intended to unite the Baltic in three years, ideally, and use the remaining time to integrate them together. Just as Rome did -- it conquered, then it built.

This was the answer that I had come to when I sat at the Colosseum. My people, by our nature and by our homeland, were separated and sparse. The land was hard, which didn't make for easy living, so our people were comparatively few. As it was, even if I did conquer the Baltic Sea, my people wouldn't have the same unending manpower that a restored Rome could boast.

Meaning that my biggest problem was that I needed to force a migration to areas that I wished to develop by using the resistance that I would encounter to gather up the people for me. With my Map and the Perks granted to me by the gods, I could efficiently use the population to best exploit the land itself as I integrated them into my kingdom. Of course, this approach would have its issues, but those could be mitigated.

Which was why I was leaning into my reputation, sending out strong images that those who followed me found unimaginable success. I was no god, but I was an outrageously successful man by our standards and beliefs. That would be coupled with numerous developmental projects that would increase the quality of life for my people. To that end… conquering everything around the Baltic Sea was the easy part.

"For, you see, the real challenge isn't defeating thirty thousand men. That's easy. I've done it twice before already," I said, still exaggerating a bit, but not by much. Because I had to convince them to throw in with me -- they had to buy into my ambition. Because, otherwise… "The real difficulty is that I need to defeat thirty thousand men while maintaining as much of their strength as possible."

I already knew how I was going to do it. I had allowed a traitorous faction to fester within my military for years at this point. The spies Horrik sent to my army in the hopes that they would gain my trust, in the hopes that they would be a dagger in my back when I could least afford it. Their numbers had dwindled-- some fell in battle, and others had switched their loyalties after years of fighting for me as I had made them rich and powerful.

It was galling to put up with their presence in my army, but because I had, I knew exactly what Horrik planned. Which meant I could turn his trap into my own at my leisure.

"What exactly are you asking of us, Wolfkissed?" King Widukind asked in a low voice. Guarded and uncertain. Something he shared with King Hoffer.

"Nothing," I told them both. "I merely wish to show you all what I learned in Rome."

After all, seeing was believing.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 758 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 23, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Path of Vengeance New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,193
Naturally, there was a change in King Hoffer and King Widukind's attitude towards me. An uncertainty that hadn't been there before. I had expected it. Both men owed me much, but power was something difficult to relinquish even when there was good reason to. I could reassure them until I was blue in the face that I had no intention of turning my army against them, or forcing them to submit. It wouldn't matter.

For both of them, I was but a boy when they last knew me. Powerful, influential, but still a boy, even if society deemed that I was old enough to be a man. They understood my goals then, and saw the limits to my ambition -- Denmark. King Hoffer, I imagined, would be happy to continue to maintain the alliance that we shared once I claimed my own crown. King Widukind as well, would want strong allies that would support him against the Franks.

But what I spoke of was beyond their estimation of me. And now they were reconsidering -- though I didn't expect for them to betray me or anything like that. However, they had expected me to return from my travels content to be their equal and I hadn't. It was perfectly understandable for them to rethink things. If anything, they'd be utter fools to not be reconsidering their own plans for me and Denmark, weighing what I claimed against their own ideas for the future.

Which made the next coming days and weeks so important. I had to solidify the new image that they had of me. I had to convince them with deeds and words that not only was I capable of uniting the Baltic Sea, but that it was in the best interest of their people and themselves that they submit to me. To do that, I had to be overwhelming. I had to be everything that the people said of me and more.

My time in Rome and my efforts learning from the histories of the world taught me one thing above all -- a Cult of Personality had its inherent dangers, but when used wisely, it was a very powerful tool to wield indeed.

That being said, some people were simply immune to it. Like Astrid, who was pinching my side with a frown on her face. "Uniting the Baltic Sea? Gee, that would have been really nice to know, Siegfried. I'm so glad that you told me, your lovely, faithful, dutiful, and trustworthy wife of your plans before you told my father of them."

She wasn't particularly happy with me at the moment. And I wasn't entirely sure how to handle it. It was the first time I had been in a true argument with any of my wives. What's more, I couldn't deny that Astrid had just cause for her anger. "I couldn't have your father finding out before King Widukind, my lovely, faithful, dutiful, and trustworthy wife. If he knew, then King Widukind would feel pressured into accepting and that would sour our relationship. He would feel like a lesser being forced into an alliance, regardless of whether he would have wanted to accept or not."

"Aye, you don't need to tell me about men and their fragile egos. But you didn't tell me." Astrid stressed, keeping her voice low despite our private quarters in Saxony. "Did you think I'd run towards him and spill every secret that you gave me?"

"No- of course not," I protested. "But he is still your father. I didn't want to put you in a position where you felt like you would be betraying him."

"Am I? Are you?" Astrid asked sharply, placing a hand on her hip and cocking it to the side. It was a pose I was familiar with -- I saw it often from my Mother when my Father was in trouble. Despite myself I nearly smiled, but that would give the very wrong impression.

"No," I returned firmly. "I have no intention of forcing your father to submit to me. It's just…" I trailed off, my lips thinning. "Our houses are united by blood. I forged the crown of Norway and granted it to him in exchange for your hand. Yet, crowns and power make fools of men. Your father likes being King, Astrid. I don't blame him for it," I swiftly added when I saw her mouth open to protest. "But he enjoys it all the same, and he likely fears that in submitting to me, he loses everything that makes him a king."

Because, in a way, he would. To be a king was to be answerable only to those that granted you power over them. If you answered well, you had no peers to speak of. If you didn't, then you faced dissonance and rebellion.

Upon my ascension and his submission, Hoffer would become a Jarl. He may still carry the title of King, he might even still keep his crown, but he would be answerable to me. And that scared him, I sensed. Regardless of what he owed me or the favors I had done for his family, that scared both him and King Widukind.

I could tell Astrid was still mad, but she couldn't really argue that point. Despite how she might want to. "You're probably right, there." She admitted, narrowing her eyes at me. "But, instead of telling me, you kept this secret and I had to find out from my father what you were planning. You made me look like a right fool in front of him. Worse, Siegfried, you completely dismissed the idea that I could help you. He could have had his daughter butter him up to the idea, ease him into it, instead of you throwing him into the deep end before we even claimed your throne!"

That… I couldn't really argue. I had considered the idea, but I dismissed it because of the risks. "You're right," I admitted. "I'm sorry."

"I understand what you're trying to do here, Siegfried," Astrid continued in a much softer tone, seeing that I was properly chastised. "Better than most. The idea that what we saw in Rome could be turned our way? Armies numbering tens of thousands marching over our homeland? I understand. And I want everything that made their people so fantastical and to bring it here, and I want it to be even better. I support you, not just because you're my husband and I love you, even when you're being a thick headed fool, but because I believe in what you're trying to achieve."

That made me look away, and I found that I was increasingly disappointed in myself for not acknowledging that when I made my plans. I should have trusted Astrid more.

"Well, it looks like you understand. So take off your clothes," Astrid said, making me pause as the words took a second to sink in. Wordlessly, I raised an eyebrow and the stern expression melted away into a smug smirk. "It's going to take around a year after you conquer Denmark to secure your grip on it, and to integrate the migration of people coming up the Dnieper River. Meaning that if I get pregnant now, I can pop the bugger out before we go on our campaign- because I am not going to waddle across Scandinavia." She stated in no uncertain terms.

I couldn't stop the laughter that bubbled up from the emotional whiplash as I reached up and rested my hands on her hips. Despite sitting down with her standing across from me, we were still at eye level, mostly. "I love you," I confessed to her.

Our marriage had started one of politics. Then respect. Then fondness. And now I couldn't imagine my life without Astrid in it.

"I know you do. So, show me how much," Astrid returned, smiling into the kiss she pressed into my lips.

…​

Upon the morning, our collective armies marched out from Saxony. The tension between me, King Hoffer and King Widukind remained, but it didn't get in the way of the logistics of our march. Five thousand of my warriors marched at the front, followed by King Widukind's two thousand, and King Hoffer's five thousand brought up the rear. All together, we numbered twelve thousand -- an army that had been inconceivable but a few years ago.

Our approach didn't go unnoticed, I knew. In the dead of night, one of the two hundred of Horrik's men I let fester in my army stole away towards our destination to warn and prepare them. And they had time to prepare as the armies of Widukind and Hoffer weren't used to our ways. They couldn't march for hours on end without rest.

A march that should have taken a few days instead took the better part of a week before we reached our destination. I had never seen it before with my own eyes, but I knew exactly what it was.

The Danevirke.

It stretched on for miles -- the earthworks stood at around ten feet tall, meaning that the ditch was about half that but wider. A palisade stood at the top of the earthworks, or rather the upper half did as the earthworks covered the bottom. In total, a twenty-five foot wall stood before us and Denmark. On one side was a river, and the other was the sea. With thousands of men on the walls, I could admit it seemed very formidable.

There was one dedicated entrance to the wall -- a gatehouse, and it was before it that I stood, looking up at someone that I knew, even if I had never set eyes upon them before. There was no mistaking him.

Not when he looked so much like Jill.

My army arranged itself behind me while I marched on, flanked by King Widukind, King Hoffer, and my brothers. We headed right for the gate, stepping inside the range of their archers, while the commander of the Danevirke leaned on the gatehouse, which was flanked by two watchtowers. He, along with three others, watched us approach with a tension growing in the air.

Then I spoke, coming to a stop, "Which son are you?" I asked the commander and his expression tightened ever so slightly. He didn't like the fact that I was undaunted by the wall, or that I spoke to him so casually.

All the same, he answered. "Brage Horrikson. And you must be the Wolfkissed. The coward who fled from our shores once before." Brage voiced, calling out loudly to earn a few jeers at me from his men. Not as many as he had hoped, however. I could see the men on the wall looking at me -- at the pelt that I wore, and they were stunned. And afraid.

Brage. The middle son of Horrik's sons, younger than Grimar. I had never met him, but I knew he had been sent to foster with the Geats to the north of Denmark. He had also married the daughter of a notable clan within the tribespeople. He was a tall man, comely looks, and was reputed to be a talented warrior.

"Is that what your father has been telling you people?" Halfdan called out with mockery, "You weren't worth the fight then! My brother let you fatten up for a feast."

I allowed myself a small smile at that -- I could always count on Halfdan. "Thirty thousand men, is it? The might that I allowed your father to muster against me. I must say I'm… disappointed. Three years of preparation and you mustered thirty thousand men and this flimsy wall. Perhaps I shall turn away and give him more time? At least then I might expect a challenge."

Brage slammed his hands on the railing, a scowl on his face -- the provocation worked, but that was just an added benefit. The three men that stood with Brage were unnerved. I didn't know who they were, but they were likely Jarls or important Thegns who acted as their lords' representatives. What I did know was that they didn't at all care for my easy confidence.

I stood before one of the greatest fortifications my people had ever built-- twenty miles of wall manned by one of the largest armies that we had ever mustered.

And I was mocking it.

"A fine bluster, Wolfkissed. Meaningless from someone who takes to the field with half our number!" Brage returned, and I could tell I was getting under his skin.

"You are mistaken, Brage," I returned calmly. "I stand before you with much less than half of your total force. The Saxons and Norwegians are here for a show, not to fight! I shall defeat you with a third of my personal army -- a mere five thousand men." To my sides, both King Widukind and King Hoffer stirred. For several reasons, I imagine.

The arrogance of such a claim beggared belief, I knew. But the line between confidence and arrogance was success. And I was certain that I could not only succeed, but take the wall with minimal casualties simply because I was going to be the first one over. Which would only cement my prowess in the eyes of everyone who beheld the attack.

The second reason they stirred, I imagine, was at the information that I commanded an army of fifteen thousand men. Ten thousand of which were currently sailing up the Dnieper River.

"I would love to see you try it, Wolfkissed! If you wish to throw your life away- and the lives of your men, then I shall hardly try to convince you otherwise!" Brage exclaimed, trying to unnerve my men. To no avail, I knew.

They had seen me topple greater walls, after all.

I didn't dignify that with a response, simply turning around. Brage, to his credit, didn't try to shoot us in the back as we returned to our combined armies. On the way back, King Widukind spoke, "Are we truly so unneeded, Wolfkissed?" It was asked with a wry smile, one part a jest and another part a genuine question.

"To take the Danevirke? I'm not sure why that would surprise you, King Widukind. You've seen me take better walls," I noted and to that, his smile thinned.

"You were much smaller then. And wore far less armor," he noted, accepting my response for what it was.

"True," I agreed. "But taking the Danevirke is the easy part. Even if they mustered all thirty thousand men at it, at twenty miles of wall? That's a man every three feet or so, making them too thin to resist a concentrated attack." And that was with the assumption that all thirty thousand men were stationed at the Danevirke. Some were likely held in reserve, which only compounded their problem.

King Widukind realized my plan then, "Something that they will keep in mind with a reserve of seven thousand men."

They would have to keep men in reserve in case the other half of the army attacked elsewhere. Putting groups of a thousand men every other mile would guarantee it. It wouldn't matter if they had a hundred thousand men on the wall then -- with me as the tip of the spear, we would take the Danevirke. And once we were through it, their whole plan became useless.

King Hoffer seemed impressed with the plan, "Fuck me, Wolfkissed. Did Odin whisper that one in your ear?"

I just smiled in response as we reached our army once more. Astrid was there with a smile, and she handed me a spear.

There was one more thing that I could do to make sure that the response of the Danevirke was messy and conflicting. I ran my hand over the shaft of the spear, feeling smooth wood under my palms before I turned around to face the Danevirke. Brage watched us go, leaning on the railing while the Jarls behind him quarreled quietly -- his expression was one of focus and contempt.

He was resolved to fight and die to deny me entry to Denmark. He knew that this was the single best opportunity to kill my ambitions. If we were defeated here, then my alliance would fracture. Perhaps I could still trouble his father and Denmark as a whole, but I would have a harder time of it without the support of Saxony and Norway. So, he was determined to fight to the bitter end.

I could respect that. Admire it, even. Brage was doing his duty, and that duty was to stop me here.

"What a shame it is that you're the son of Horrik," I told him from across the distance. Then, in a single smooth action, I hefted the spear and took a step forward as I put all my strength behind the throw.

Projectile Prediction told me exactly where the spear would land and Brage only seemed to realize it a second too late. He saw the spear coming -- his eyes widening, his body going stiff as if he intended to dodge, but it was simply too late. The spear struck him in the chest, impaling him with enough force that his body was carried back until he tumbled over the back half of the Danevirke.

It was as if the world held its breath, the three Jarls freezing in disbelief. It took them no less than ten seconds to realize I could throw another spear at them before they started to duck for cover. King Hoffer and King Widukind were similarly in shock, yet the army behind me let loose a thunderous cry that could match Thor. It seemed to shake the ground as my people felt invincible in that moment.

It was King Widukind who recovered his wits first. "And yet you still deny your divinity, Wolfkissed?"

"If a man is a stone, then I am perhaps a boulder," I conceded to him. "The gods are mountains."

"...I suppose I'll have to take your word for it," King Widukind muttered, still in shock at the spear throw.

I took in a breath, feeling Halfdan and even Haldur patting me on the back in celebration -- not only because of the throw, but because of who had just perished. Another son of Horrik was dead. And I…

I felt the weight on my shoulders get a little lighter.

There was no time to dwell on it -- we had spilled first blood and taken off the head of their leadership. If we tarried too long, they could recover and establish their leadership. Something I'm sure they were trying to do exactly at the moment.

We divided our forces into groups of two thousand men and spread them out across the Danevirke. Each group was equipped with ladders and a wood bridge that King Widukind had long since prepared. The bridge would go over the ditch, then the ladders would be placed at the base of the earthworks to reach the top of the palisade. However, for the most part, the attack would be a feint.

The real breakthrough would happen at the gate. I would make sure of that myself at the helm of two thousand of my warriors -- all armored and carrying shields and hand-axes for close quarters fighting.

Within a few hours, and at the blasting of a horn, my two thousand men sallied forth. As soon as we entered range, we were assailed by arrows, slings, and javelins. They hammered at our shields, which we overlapped and held above our heads in a testudo formation. It slowed our approach somewhat, but it gave our archers the opportunity to shoot back.

Shields made out of wood were placed in our wake with Athrun's archers taking rapid shots at the defenders on the palisade, and almost immediately, I felt the number of missiles lessen against us. Through a gap in our shields, I saw the defenders on the wall recoil as their numbers sharply dwindled as our every arrow struck home. It shook their confidence even further as poking their heads out meant certain death.

It made our approach to the gate smoother, and it was as I neared that I gave the order to move the ladders up. The formation split, allowing the ladders to pass up while we covered the men that were planting them in the dirt before tilting them forward. Almost perfectly, the top of the ladder hit the gatehouse and as soon as it did, I was on the move.

I half ran up the ladder more than I climbed it, sending the defenders into a fit of panic as they saw me coming and tried to push the ladder back. They didn't manage it fast enough as within a moment, I cleared the palisade and found myself in the gatehouse. I drew Gram from my belt, and with the same motion slashed at a man who was closest to me. It caught him below his ribs, through his shield, and continued up to his collarbone, sending an arc of blood on the ceiling.

It was a stark reminder of not only my raw strength and the power of Gram, but as I beheld the defenders I saw most of them were unarmored. They had padded gambesons and furs -- only the highest among them had chain mail. It was a harsh contrast to myself, who wore a long hauberk of it under plated armor, which in turn was under my cloak.

There was a point where the fight would have been… a fight, rather than what it now was. Gram was an impossibly sharp blade that could only be broken by the gods, who was wielded by a man who was impossibly strong. I swung the blade with blistering speed, delivering death and butchery to those that tried to hold the gatehouse. Within seconds, the floorboards were covered in blood and limbs as men's bodies parted like those of animals to a butcher's cleaver.

By the time the others arrived, the gatehouse was already ours. They began to spill out to the sides, fighting for the ramparts down while the defenders at the wall struggled to figure out what was happening and how the gatehouse fell so quickly.

I, on the other hand, stepped on the railing to the back half of the Danevirke to gaze out at Denmark unobstructed for the first time in years. It felt like coming home, I thought as my gaze lowered to the odd three thousand men that were held in reserve to secure the gate. The fact that there were so few told me that Horrik hadn't committed everything to the Danevirke. He had held something in reserve.

The men beyond the wall looked up at me, their expressions bloodless and in awe. I knew exactly what they were thinking when they looked up at me. I knew exactly what they saw, as I was purposely cultivating the exact image -- imposing. Powerful.

Inevitable.

It was then that I spoke to them.

"Open the gate," I ordered the enemy army and, for the briefest of seconds, they remained idle. Then a few rushed forth to obey -- possibly because they were cowards. Possibly because they hoped for rewards. They could even be amongst those Christians that thought I was a prophet. I didn't know, nor did it truly matter. A handful of men broke the spell that had been cast upon the army as they went to unbarricade the gate. Others, however, realized what was happening and began to stop more who tried to obey, or give chase to stop them from rendering their defenses useless.

When the first of the traitors to Horrik passed underneath me, I took a step forward and fell around twenty feet or so behind them. I felt a flash of pain in my knees, but Minor Regeneration was taking care of it even before I rose to my full height. Those that had tried to give chase came skidding to a halt, looking up at me with fear.

Those men would have to live. I needed them to return to their homelands with this tale -- a tale of how the mightiest wall our people had ever built fell within minutes to me, and how I dropped from it like a stone from a height that would kill most men to stand before them. In truth, that would be my greatest difficulty in this war.

Not killing the enemy.

The men behind me lifted the wood bar that held the gate close, as well as the wooden supports. The gates swung open, allowing my men to spill forth.

Yet, it was then that I heard a horn blowing. The defenders paused, hearing the blasts, so I held up a fist and the warriors behind me stilled. The chaos of the battle suddenly went quiet as the three men that I saw before approached me upon horses, flanked by those carrying a banner.

I got a better look at them now -- two of them were old. One more so than the other with a mane of white hair and a beard of gray while the other only had gray at his temples and lines around his eyes. The third was much younger, though still older than me by a decade. I looked between them for a moment as they arranged themselves before me.

"You are a rare man, Wolfkissed," the eldest one noted in a raspy voice that told me he had done a lifetime of shouting. "Not many manage to live up to their reputation. Fewer still manage to surpass it."

"You have me at a disadvantage. Who are you three?" I asked them, and the younger one narrowed his eyes at me. At least until I turned my attention to him fully and he swiftly looked away.

"Dagfinn Endreson," Dagfinn, the eldest, answered. The name meant nothing to me, though I knew that the name came from the Sami. Which meant that he was either one of Horrik's allies, or one of the men that he had bribed into subservience.

"Jarl Gunnar Gormson," Gunnar answered, and that name did sound familiar. He, I was fairly certain, was one of the Jarls loyal to Horrik in the civil war that saw Horrik become King of Denmark. There were a number of Jarls that had fled to my banner who had many foul things to say about the man. Which told me that if nothing else the man was clever, but his loyalty blew whichever direction the wind was going.

"Hrafen Ingson," Hrafen, the youngest, answered. No title and I couldn't quite place the name. So, I knew less about him. Only that he was able to stand with the two as a peer, telling me that he had a notable amount of men, or influence, at his disposal.

"I am Siegfried Erikson," I introduced myself in turn, though they already knew who I was. "What exactly do you have to say to me?"

"We are here to offer our surrender, Wolfkissed," Jarl Gunnar answered, his tone a bit terse. "You have won the day. That much is already obvious, and I have no intention of throwing away lives for the sake of stubbornness."

That was so reasonable that it genuinely caught me off guard for a second. I truly expected that I was going to have to sweep to one side and kill hundreds, if not thousands, before they gave up trying to isolate my force and maintain their grip on the wall. I was expecting them to dig in and fight me because they knew that the Danevirke was their best chance at stopping me.

'But,' I chide myself, 'That should be expected.' If these people were only allies to Horrik, they wouldn't be willing to risk it all just to make sure he remains King.

I mulled what they said over for a moment before speaking, "How many do you number?"

Jarl Gunnar narrowed his eyes while the other two shared a brief look, "Fifteen thousand." He thought he knew where I was going with this.

He thought I wanted to recruit them.

"Good. At most, fifty men or so have perished here, so you will still retain most of your strength when you return to Horrik," I said, nodding to myself. There was a beat of silence between us, a pregnant pause as Jarl Gunnar worked his jaw but it was Dagfinn who spoke.

"My old ears must have misheard you, Wolfkissed. You… want us to return to Horrik?" The greybeard questioned, his horse shifting under him as the mare sensed his nervousness.

"Aye, you heard me correctly. I shall accept your surrender upon one condition -- you will return to Horrik, and you shall fight by his side on whatever battlefield is chosen." I stated in no unclear terms and there was a dawning horror in the men's faces as they realized that I was being absolutely serious. "Then, when you find your defeat there, you will return to your homelands, wherever they might be. That you will tell your people of me and pass along this message…"

A smile tugged at the edges of my lips, "I am coming."

They would prepare the grounds for me. They would sort out those that would submit without a fight and those who would resist. It would give them time to gather, to prepare, to make alliances -- all heedless to the fact that that was exactly what I wanted them to do. Every action until then would drive the stories home across the Baltic Sea. I had to curate the image of someone utterly unstoppable and unbeatable because that too would curb any rebellions after those that resisted were defeated.

I saw it in their eyes. They thought I was mad. They hoped I was mad. Because if I wasn't, then I was serious and what they had just witnessed of me proved that I was capable of doing it.

"Well? Do you accept my terms?" I asked them and they didn't need to answer.

We all knew that they did.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Eerrw and 750 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks To be King New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 7, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,241
It was impossible to describe the morale boost that came with our victory. My people knew what I was capable of. The stories had already made the rounds, and I'm sure if I stopped by any fire, I could hear an already impossibly exaggerated version of myself that I wouldn't recognize. My men had seen me fight before, as had many of the Saxons, as most had fought against Francia. However, many had still trembled before the Danevirke.

They saw the ditch, the earthworks, and the palisade, and they wondered how we would overcome such a fortification when it was being manned by the largest army our people had ever seen. Then, in the matter of minutes, we were through, and the surrender was taken. Disbelief came first, then awe, and some hours later, as we saw the defending army off towards Alabu, a feeling of invincibility. To them, my presence was undeniable proof that the gods had favored us.

Which made our victory an inevitability.

That was useful, even if it did have its unique disadvantages. It would help no one if people were so confident that we would win that they let their guards down. I had been setting up a trap for Horrik for years by this point, and it would be a bitter joke if we stumbled into a trap of his merely because we were careless.

"They took the corpse with them," Haldur growled as we stood on the Danevirke, gazing out at the retreating army that fled with all haste. I hoped that they wouldn't splinter too badly. I imagined that there would be a few deserters as they felt as my warriors did -- that it was impossible for Horrik to win -- but so long as the majority of the army remained intact… it would serve my goals well.

"I'm not surprised. Horrik is going to be wrathful with them as it is. Leaving his son's body behind wouldn't help things," Halfdan replied, leaning on the ramparts. "He was probably already on his way back before we attacked."

Haldur grunted, dissatisfied with the outcome. I understood his anger well. I could only imagine what was done to the bodies of our father and Havi, our brother. We couldn't lay them to rest with the proper rites, so we had to appease their spirits with blood. Blood and cruelty. It made me glad that I left Jill behind. She had prepared herself as much as she could hope to, but I didn't want her to see what we would inflict upon her siblings.

"He has other sons," I voiced, and I was surprised by the low growl my voice took. Unbidden, I reached up to the armring that adorned my arm, resting above the nook of my elbow. "Thorfinn. Knud. Rolf," I listed his remaining sons. I had already slain Grimar, and now Brage. It was Rolf who was the original recipient of the armband that I still wore, as he had been coming of age when I proved myself in battle.

I had never met him before. I could only imagine what he felt when he learned that his father had given away an armring that was meant for him.

I suppose it didn't really matter. How he felt about it wouldn't really change anything. Though, I suppose it would be right of me to give it back to him before he died. By that time, the armring would have served its purpose -- I wouldn't need it as a reminder any longer.

There was a loud silence between me and my brothers at that -- three sons left. One for each of us. Horrik, I imagine, we would kill together. As for the others…

"Hedeby is nearby," I said, looking off in the direction of the town. City, I suppose you could call it. "Let us march there to rest. It's an important settlement."

"Aye. And it's ruled by one of Horrik's bootlickers," Haldur agreed, a hand clenching at his side. There was a fury in my brother that I didn't recognize. Haldur had always been angry, with that anger usually rooted in jealousy, but this was something else. Something darker. Darker than what I had seen in him when we first reunited in Norway. I didn't begrudge him it.

It was just something I would have to keep an eye on. Regardless, it wouldn't change anything as we had the same intentions for the city.

Horrik had planted his roots deep, and I intended to work with a clean slate. Which meant this campaign would be a… slow one, I suppose you could call it. I intended to visit every town, every hold, and every village from the bottom up to rip Horrik's influence out at the root. In turn, I would be placing my own people in charge to prepare the areas for further development.

"Let's. It'll give that army reason to move a bit faster," Halfdan agreed with a nod.

There weren't many spoils to be taken at the Danevirke beyond supplies that had been meant to last the army for months on end if needed. They were a welcomed boon to our stores as we gathered the men to march once more. They were keen to celebrate their victory, but they were keener still on actual spoils and beds to sleep on.

Hedeby was a town of some note. Ribe was the largest settlement that our people possessed, but it was seated upon the western shore. Hedeby, however, sat on the eastern shore, somewhat inland and alongside a deep river. It wasn't far from the Danevirke either, less than a ten hour journey. It was the second largest settlement that our people had as it was a natural trade route into Denmark.

Our people raided to the east against the Swedes, Geats, Saxons, and Rus. For that reason, Hedeby was a natural point to offload wares by ship or by foot. It acted almost as the front door for the rest of Denmark as you had to pass through it if you came from the east or south. From there, spoils or trade goods could be sold at its markets, or they could be passed along to Ribe, who acted as another trade hub to the west. Pagans or not, there were many Franks who would part with their silver when trade ships entered their harbor.

As I imagined there would be many Britons from Britannia who would do the same. Those, I made a note to find. Any information that they had could be quite useful for future plans.

I had heard of Hedeby growing up. My father spoke of it fondly from the few times he had been there. I built it up in my head as a boy, until Hedeby could have stood next to Constantinople or Baghdad as a peer. I braced myself for disappointment as we completed the ten hour march, nipping at the defeated army's heels. Halfdan had been right on the mark there -- the moment they saw us marching behind them, they picked up the pace until they were practically sprinting.

They likely had hoped to restock and regroup at Hedeby, but the commanders of the army seemed to sense our destination as they passed the town entirely. Hedeby's confusion was almost palpable in their wake, which only intensified when they saw that we were chasing them. From where I sat upon my horse, I could see the people scurrying about in preparation to defend their home.

Hedeby itself wasn't an impressive town. Some five or six thousand people dwelled within it. There were no widespread fortifications, at least none that encompassed the entire town. There was a palisade around the longhouse and several buildings near it but the rest was left unguarded. The town had expanded too much and the cost must not have seemed worth it as pesky raiders wouldn't dare attack such a city with few numbers. An army would be needed to take it… and the Danevirke was meant to keep any armies out.

Shortsighted, but reasonable I suppose. I urged my horse forward with my brothers at my side.

Hedeby had a degree of organization about it -- the plots of land were divided fairly, and there was ample space between houses to prevent fires spreading so easily. The roads were made of dirt. Well, mud really. Planks were tossed over the worst of the mud, but the roads themselves were concise. The development of the town wasn't just people slapping down homesteads at random then connecting them by dirt paths.

We rode on at the helm of my army, finding nothing but empty houses. I already knew where I would find the townspeople as I once again found myself before a wooden palisade. From within, I could hear people shouting, children crying, and the general sounds of panic that only grew the closer we got. There were a number of bows being pointed in my direction, but they were wielded by trembling hands with men who had their fear shining in their eyes.

I took in a slow breath… and introduced myself. "MY NAME!" I shouted into the air, letting the words sweep over the panicked people, "IS SIEGFRIED THE WOLFKISSED!" My name echoed out, and suddenly, six thousand people were as silent as a grave.

I gave them a moment to let that sink in before continuing. "You have been abandoned by Horrik and his armies. They failed to hold us at the Danevirke, and now they retreat to Ribe -- leaving you undefended and at our mercy." The panic began to swell once more and before it could reach a fever pitch, I continued, "Surrender to me and open your gates -- you have my word that none will be harmed. Any who would dare break this promise will find their death at my hands."

There was a stirring from behind the gates before I caught sight of the source. My eyes narrowed as a woman approached the wall, looking down at me with a blank expression.

She was old. Her hair was stark white, while her face was lined with wrinkles. At some point, she might have been quite tall, but now she walked with a hunch and supported herself with a gnarled walking stick. Her clothes were of fine make, a dark blue with fine embroidery stitched into it. I could only guess at her age, but she had to be in her eighties at least. Most likely, she was older.

She held my gaze for a long minute before her eyes dipped to look at the cloak that I wore. Another few tense seconds passed before she spoke, "I thought King Horrik was wasting his time with the Danevirke, and it seems I was right. Just not for the reasons I thought. Did they leave a gate open?" She began, her tone light and conversational.

My eyes narrowed a fraction before she continued. "Since you were polite enough to introduce yourself first, then allow me to return the favor, boy. I am Lagertha Hare-Foot, and Hedeby has fallen to me as Jarl Alf has run with his tail tucked between his legs!"

I knew of her, I realized. Lagertha Hare-Foot… anyone who had ever heard a story about a Shield Maiden, then odds were the tale was about her. She was half the reason why Astrid had become a shield maiden in the first place. The stories about her were varied -- she was the daughter, niece, or aunt of a king who swore off marriage to dedicate herself to the arts of war. She had many an adventure, fought in countless battles, and now presided over an unofficial order of shield maidens.

I thought she was dead. I had never heard about how she died, but when my father would talk about the stories he heard when he was a boy, I just figured that she was.

"Well met, Hare-Foot," I returned politely. Astrid would give a thrashing if I ended up killing her childhood idol. It would be best if I could settle this peacefully. For everyone's sake. "And I cannot say I'm surprised that Jarl Alf fled. I take it he didn't leave alone?"

"That's quite the thing to ask a fortress you're besieging, isn't it?" Lagertha questioned, her lips becoming a thin line.

"This is no fortress, I'm afraid," I replied evenly. "This is a bunch of sticks planted in the dirt during your great-grandfather's time, by the looks of things."

That got a snort from the old woman and there was a spark of amusement dancing in her cold blue eyes, "You're right. Not much of a wall," she agreed. "If the Danevirke fell to you, then I doubt this palisade will do much good. But none fight harder than a cornered rat, Wolfkissed. And Horrik has given these people plenty of reasons to fight you to the last."

"My quarrel is with Horrik for his crimes against my family," I stated sternly. "He had my brothers and father killed, and drove the rest of my family into hiding. For that, he and his sons shall die. However, I have no quarrel with the people of Hedeby. Not unless they side with him and try to get in my way." I held her gaze as I said the words and she didn't look away.

"And if all of Hedeby were to stand against you?" She asked pointedly and, to that, I could only offer a small shrug.

"I would hope the people of Hedeby would not be so foolish," I told her, my intent going unspoken but not unheard. I needed to preserve as much of my people's strength as I could, but history had shown time and time again that sometimes examples went a very long way to get a message across.

"And if they were?" Lagertha pushed, and I fought off a frown.

"I would ask that they reconsider. Politely," I said flatly. "And should that fail, I would be… less polite."

She searched my face for any hints of deceit before she snorted softly, "Rare be it a man who bothers to speak softly when he already has such a big stick in hand." I wasn't sure if she meant that as a compliment or not before she continued. "Aye, Hedeby surrenders to you, Wolfkissed. We made the decision before you arrived," she admitted. Then this was just to get my measure.

I inclined my head to her as the bows lowered and City Builder activated, allowing me to examine the city of Hedeby in greater detail.

Happiness: 20%
Quality of life: 3/10
Population: 7,845
Population growth: 1.5% increase per year
Wealth: 13,700
Security: 20% per pop
Education: 6% per pop
Religion: 98% Norse Paganism, 2% Norse Christianity​

The population was higher than I expected, but the rest was generally in line with my thoughts. The happiness was so low for a number of reasons, but it was mostly because they were terrified that they would be attacked. As for the 'Norse Christians'… that was something I was hoping that I could ignore, but it was likely something I would have to confront. The rest could all be explained by Jarl Alf, the ruler of the city, pulling out and joining the retreat, likely with his hird and wealth.

Halfdan clapped me on the back as the gates opened. There, I saw that the interior of the palisade was full to the point of bursting. All the same, I ushered my horse forward to the Longhouse. We were joined by a contingent of guards, while King Hoffer and King Widukind would be following us shortly. The details of the surrender would be handled by my brothers, but I expected an easy transition.

The crowd parted for us as we moved forward, looking up with wide eyes. There was fear in many, and I could only imagine all the things that Horrik had said about me to inspire such a reaction. They looked at me like I was about to start grabbing children to roast them over a fire for supper. I ignored it as I reached the longhouse, dismounting to find that Lagertha was already waiting for me. She barely came up to my stomach.

However, she was flanked by shield maidens -- some wore chain mail, but most wore gambesons while they wielded shields and spears. Astrid would be keen to meet them, I thought, noting the callused hands they had and the lean muscle. They had dedicated themselves to a warrior's path, however few they might be.

"Before you enter, Wolfkissed -- know there is someone waiting for you inside," Lagertha warned me as she gestured for the doors to open. They revealed a fine longhouse, and I was pleased to see a cut stone floor rather than dirt. A long hearth filled with hot coals ran the length of the longhouse, which ran straight to a throne. A carved wooden chair that had pelts layered upon it with the skull of a great bear at the top of the throne.

The longhouse wasn't empty. I was greeted with a handful of people, some servants, but most were those that Jarl Alf had left behind. Or those that stayed behind for whatever motive -- one was revealed to be an agent of Horrik as True Sight marked him as red.

Another was blue, who stood near the throne with a look of joy upon his face.

"Garald," I greeted him as I strode into the longhouse, ignoring the others for a moment and the man instantly bowed, dropping to a knee.

"My Lord -- I can't begin to tell you what a relief it is to see you again. And I must beg your forgiveness for not returning as promised." The man began, and I saw time hadn't at all diminished his reverence for me. If anything, it sounded strengthened. Solidified. Garald spoke like a man who had his faith proven rather than someone who spoke of faith alone. "I saw an opportunity to diminish your enemy and I acted."

I walked the length of the hearth, feeling the eyes on me. When I passed Garald, I placed a hand on his shoulder.

"You have no cause to apologize," I told him, despite not being entirely happy with what he did in my name. But that was a conversation to have in private, not with such an audience. "You have done well," I told him, moving past him, though I nearly paused when I heard the man sob.

I looked down at the high chair for a moment before realizing that it wasn't big enough for me. So, reaching out, I tore the arms of the chair off, tossing them to the side before I sat down. Looking out at the faces in the hall, I saw what effect the action had. Impressed didn't begin to cover it- though Lagertha seemed more amused than anything.

That was the scene the others walked into -- King Hoffer and King Widukind at the helm while Astrid and Thorkell followed behind them. Astrid looked like a child who was given a handful of silver to spend on treats, while Thorkell looked like he was trying not to laugh. The doors closed behind them.

It was then that Lagertha stepped forward once more, "Hedeby answers to you, Wolfkissed. You have won the city bloodlessly. However, not entirely through your own efforts." She began and I tilted my head as the room shifted ever so slightly.

Garald was quick to elaborate, "Upon my arrival in Denmark, I found the land ripe with discontent. There were many Jarls who felt cheated by Horrik as they were being punished by him for their alliance to King Godfrey. There was an attempted rebellion shortly after my arrival… alas, it did not go the way in which we hoped. Several Jarls proved to be traitors to the cause -- the chief of them was Jarl Alf, who was awarded Hedeby." That much I already knew as I heard it from the Jarls who fled South with the migration.

"However, the resistance against Horrik is still alive and well. For the past two years, we have found allies in various places. Men and women who see through Horrik's lies and those who have… political differences with him." Garald continued, glancing pointedly at Lagertha. Meaning that she was one such ally.

That was good. Very good. Lagertha was far better known than I was, with a fine reputation. Her standing on my side would lessen whatever damage Horrik had tried to do to my reputation.

As if she had sensed my thoughts, Lagertha spoke. "I didn't help your man because of you. In truth, I didn't much care who you were. Still don't," she added with a grin that lasted all of a second before it fell. "I did it to help my own kin."

Less pleasing to hear, but still acceptable. "And who would that be?" I asked with a certain edge in my tone.

The person in question had been waiting for that exact question to be asked, as it so happened, as he stepped out of a room to enter the hall. He was a man in his mid twenties, a dark groomed beard and neatly cut hair that was pulled back. A bear pelt hung from his shoulders but most interesting of all was the crown that sat on his brow.

I had absolutely no clue who he was, so the reveal fell a little flat on me.

That wasn't the case for King Widukind, whose eyebrows sharply rose with surprise. "King Godfrey?" He asked, naming the man. "I- I heard that you were killed in battle," he added, glancing in my direction.

I had never met the man, but I had heard of him. And as I searched his features, I found that he did look familiar, somewhat. He had a resemblance to King Sigfred, his father, who I had known during the start of the war against Francia. The king that Horrik had deceived me into believing was responsible for my brother's death.

He was the King who had fought against Horrik when Horrik claimed his father's throne. The man who fought and lost. A man who all thought were dead.

"King Widukind," Godfrey greeted in return, inclining his head to him. "That was a deliberate measure, I'm afraid. After the betrayal that we suffered, that rumor nearly became the truth. Since then, I have been in hiding. Waiting to strike back at that snake Horrik while I gathered what allies I could. My great aunt has sheltered me for the past two years."

Lagertha nodded slowly, her gaze firmly affixed to me. "I did. Those old stories did me some good for once -- most people have forgotten that I was sister to Harald Wartooth, King of Denmark. Heh. People are so used to calling me Hare-Foot that they forgot my true last name! Funny given that I can't even outrun a turtle across the room anymore," she laughed at her own expense.

"And now," I spoke and the attention shifted to me, "you see the opportunity you were waiting for. For me to aid you in regaining your title as king." I spoke slowly and deliberately, mulling over the revelation and it felt… strange.

Godfrey stood tall, meeting my gaze and he said the words I expected him to say. "That is correct, Lord Wolfkissed."

I wasn't quite sure how to say it, but it felt like I was catching a glimpse of a different life. A life that I could have lived.

There was a point in time where I would have accepted this. After the war in Saxony, I had the strength to return home and exact my vengeance from Horrik. I hadn't wanted to be a King at that point. Not really. To me, the crown and title were an instrument of my vengeance. I wanted Horrik to achieve his long-held ambition so I could have the pleasure of taking it from him because that would surely hurt so much more than being so close to his dream but never achieving it.

If I had decided against sailing to Constantinople and returned to Denmark sooner, I imagine I would have had this meeting with Godfrey years ago.

And I would have accepted this. I would have accepted whatever terms he intended to offer- and I had no doubt that he had plenty to offer. I would have been ignorant of the true vastness of the world at the time, so I would have accepted, and Godfrey would have become King. I'm sure I would have received a title for my efforts. Likely a marriage and some lands, possibly the lands that Horrik ruled over.

I would have been a powerful Jarl. Possibly too powerful. I had no way of knowing what that future would have held, but I suspected it could have followed a similar path as Horrik's. The flower that stood above all others found enemies in those who were trapped in its shade. But I would have been content. My family would be restored, my vengeance fulfilled, and I would have lived my life completely ignorant of what I could achieve.

"No," I uttered flatly, holding his gaze.

He didn't seem surprised exactly, but he was caught off guard by my blunt refusal. "Horrik is an enemy of us both. I am sure that there is an arrangement that can benefit us both," he said, and he was prepared to negotiate with me. Because he was under the belief that there was a path that would lead to my answer changing to a 'Yes.' "There is much that I can offer, Lord Wolfkissed. Men, spies, supplies, legitimacy…"

"I will speak plainly, King Godfrey," I said and I could feel the room holding its breath. King Widukind seemed a bit sad, but also like he knew what was coming. I recalled he had a friendship with Godfrey's father, who had sheltered him after his initial failed rebellion in Saxony. "It is my intention to become King of Denmark."

The confident expression slipped ever so slightly. "I am aware that you have… ambitions, Lord Wolfkissed. And, perhaps, I can aid them as King elsewhere. In Denmark, I'm afraid, you do not have the legitimacy. You… you are the son of a farmer. The Jarls and Thegns will not accept it." A note of urgency entered his voice as I remained unflinching.

"I wasn't going to ask their permission," I admitted to him. "As I have no need for it. The Jarls and Thegns who support Horrik will all be replaced. As, I suspect, the Jarls and Thegns who support you. In their place, coming up the Dnieper River, I have a migration of some forty thousand men and women, guarded by another ten thousand of my warriors. Among them are their replacements." I informed him flatly, watching as the mask started to crumble entirely.

He licked his lips, his gaze darting to Lagertha, who wore an expression of resigned acceptance. There was no surprise to be found in her weathered features, which told me that this plan had come from Godfrey himself. He then looked to King Widukind, who looked away from Godfrey -- his expression was one of shame. Without support, he started to flounder, looking back up at me with a growing ire in his eyes. "You can't do this. My ancestors are the ones who forged the idea of Denmark with steel and blood!"

"They did," I agreed with him. Harald Wartooth had unified the petty Jarldoms and warlords under a single banner. The kingdom that he forged shrunk after his death, but his legacy was secured and, until now, his blood ruled over Denmark. "And it is you who lost it." He flinched as if I struck him, telling me that the words had hit on a thought he tried to bury.

"I owe you nothing, King Godfrey," I continued sternly. "I have no need for your aid in seizing the title of King. However, I hold no particular ill will against you either. I have ambitions for Denmark and beyond it. There can be a place for you in those plans, should you wish it -- but the Kingdom of Denmark is mine."

In that other life, I would have been ignorant. I would have been blinded to what our people could achieve. What life we could live. But I didn't live that life. I had made the choice to sail to Constantinople, and it was there that I had my eyes opened. It was there that I learned everything that I could, and an ambition settled in my chest.

I would forge an empire.

"I won't accept this. I am not some beggar that you can toss a coin to on your way!" Godfrey snapped, earning a sharp look from his great aunt, but he was heedless of it. I didn't blame him for snapping. Not really. I couldn't, when I understood him so well.

Godfrey had bet it all on this. He had hoped and prayed desperately that when I returned, I would help him. He convinced himself that he could convince me to restore him and his bloodline to the throne. For three years, he had clung to that hope like a lifeline. He clung to it as he endured years of fear of being discovered and the humiliation he was forced to hide and slink to the shadows. He survived it all because he believed that he could convince me. And he couldn't. He never had a chance of it in the first place.

"Well," I said, my tone even. "That is unfortunate."

I looked at Thorkell and gave him a small nod. He stepped forward and seized Godfrey, who immediately thrashed in his grip but couldn't break it. The crown fell from his brow as he began to shout, "You can't do this! You can't do this! You'll never get away with this!" He hollered for all to hear as Thorkell dragged him away, unbothered.

His shouts left a loud silence in their wake. I then looked to Lagertha, who wore a flat expression, her lips pressed into a thin line. She was unhappy but not surprised. "You remind me of my brother," she noted, clenching her walking stick tightly. "He too thought he could make the world yield to him with unrelenting force. What makes you think you'll fair any better than he did?"

"I don't have any proof for you," I replied. "They say I am chosen by the gods. Others say that I am one. But I cannot know what that means for my future. For all I know, Loki is setting me up to be the butt of a great jest that will echo out for centuries and I will be remembered only for being a fool." It was a thought that troubled me more than I cared to admit.

"As I cannot know, I shall move forward with my plans and ambitions to realize them. I will build buildings so large that this longhouse look like a hovel. I will build cities so vast that a million souls can dwell within them. It is my intention to unify our people in a way that goes beyond what your brother dared to dream of. And with that unity, I shall completely and irrevocably change our people's way of life in accordance to what I believe is the best path forward."

Most were enraptured by what they were hearing, but Lagertha's gaze was as sharp as a blade. "I cannot know if I will succeed. Only the Norns know what the future holds. But, regardless of my fate -- those are my intentions. My ambitions. I shall move forward with or without your aid, regardless if you choose to be friend or foe. That choice is yours," I finished, holding the legendary Shield Maiden's gaze.

There was silence in the wake of my words before it was broken by Lagertha. Slowly, she bent her knee with the help of a Shield Maiden and her walking stick and bowed her head.

"All hail King Siegfried!" She announced her support, and I was mildly surprised to see that True Sight marked her as blue. It was a soft shade of it, but it still marked her as a true ally. What I said must have resonated with her, but I would have to find out what later.

Many followed suit after her -- her Shield Maidens were first, beating Garald only by a half second. The other Thegns followed their example, echoing her calls, until the only two left standing were King Hoffer and King Widukind. Both had unreadable expressions on their faces as they looked over the scene before their gazes found me. I offered nothing as a reaction, hiding my thoughts from them, just as they hid their thoughts from me.

All the same, the gods gave their response.

Title Gained!

King of Denmark

Status: Contested

Partial Reward: Territories under your domain will be revealed on your Map.

To gain the full reward, eliminate your rivals to the throne.​

I leaned back into my throne, letting the hails wash over me as I was formally proclaimed king by the people of Denmark. My gaze lingered on the last sentence of the message from the gods and I offered a humorless smile in response.

Oh, I intended to.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 760 others
Ideas-Guy
May 7, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Hunt Begins
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,275
"So? How does it feel?" Thorkell asked me as I gazed out at Hedeby, the first city in Denmark that had acknowledged me as their king. The people that had hid behind the palisade had returned to their homes, even if they did have to put up with some extra guests. But even with five men in each house, the rest of my army was forced to camp outside the city. It just wasn't big enough. Not at all like Constantinople, which could house an additional twelve thousand men and hardly notice.

The it in question was obvious enough, and it was exactly what I was pondering.

"Honestly?" I said, glancing his way as he came up the rampart, my lips pressing together before I glanced back at the town. "It doesn't feel like anything has changed. I woke up this morning a king, and it feels like any other day."

I had expected a greater change. I'm not sure what exactly, just… something. A weight on my shoulders that hadn't been there before, or that the world would somehow be different. Instead, I woke up with an aching back because the feathered bed was too soft for my liking and not at all made for a man my size. Being king didn't suddenly mean that Astrid or Morrigan would share the blanket for the bed, forcing me to use my cloak, the Pelt of Fenrir, as a blanket to keep warm.

"Heh," Thorkell chuckled, standing next to me as he leaned against the ancient palisade. "Suppose there's a lesson somewhere in that. But, I reckon that's because your training back in the Mediterranean did its job well. You prepared yourself for this several times over, probably."

"Maybe that's it," I wondered. I thought there would be something more once I became king. In Crete, my stay had always been temporary. Even when I ruled the lands, while I did invest myself into their success, I didn't care about them. They didn't mean anything to me on a more personal level- not like this. These lands I intended to rule for the remainder of my life. And…

There was nothing. The dwarves didn't visit me to strike an accord. The spirits of the land didn't come to me in my sleep. I just woke up like any other morning, and today was any other day. I had a title now, and that was it.

Perhaps it was because my title was contested? Was it because they didn't yet acknowledge me as the rightful ruler of Denmark? I suppose that was fair. As it was, I only ruled over a single town and a cluster of villages.

"I've already sent Athrun out to scout Ribe. In the meantime, we'll send out patrols to the local Thegns. They'll bend the knee, or they won't." I said, resting my hands on the palisade. "Those that don't, we'll chase off in Ribe's direction. Or Alabu. They could use the help, I think. I made a stronger impression than I thought."

Athrun had already brought word that a sizable five thousand man contingent had broken off from the army I sent running. The circumstances weren't clear, but according to Athrun, the split wasn't an amicable one.

That got a snort from Thorkell and, in turn, my lips twitched as a chuckle escaped me.

"Then it's all going according to plan, then?" Thorkell questioned and I nodded. My efforts to cultivate my image had the desired effect, even if I wasn't entirely comfortable with how some spoke of me. I merely needed to win the next great battle and that reputation would be cemented for years, decades even, to come. It would be a cornerstone in my saga, and a deterrent to dissuade rebellion in the future. "I'd be careful about that. Men make plans and the gods laugh."

"I know that better than most," I agreed with a sigh in my voice. I had spent years preparing for this war, and so far, it felt like I had overprepared. It was tempting to dismiss Horrik and Thorfinn -- I wanted to, even. They didn't feel like they could compare to rulers like Harun, or Charlemagne, or even Irene. But, I could feel it in my gut that the moment I dismissed them, I would suffer for it somehow. And I had suffered enough because of Horrik and his son. "We will progress carefully. Methodically."

Thorkell sensed the shift in my mood and offered a serious nod. "I'll get the word out we'll be moving on. But… What do you want to do with Godfrey? The man screamed himself hoarse cursing your name."

"I don't want to kill him," I admitted to Thorkell. "The man has done nothing to me. His greatest offense was his assumption that I would help him become king because of the blood in his veins."

"Aye. But he has the potential to be a real problem for you. He didn't spend the last few years pinning all of his hopes on you. He made allies, recruited, and plotted against Horrik. All of that could just as easily be used on you the moment you deal with him." Thorkell advised, leveling a pointed look in my direction when he saw my scowl. "Some are going to desert him when it's clear that he won't be the next king. But people are stupid, and some will stick with him all the same."

I should probably just kill him, I knew. It would risk losing Lagertha as an ally, but Godfrey was too politically relevant in Denmark. I could try to send him away, exiling him, but that ran the risk of him running straight to Charlemagne. It might take years, decades even, but one day a Frankish army could look to restore the old bloodline to the throne. I was confident in my ability to handle such an invasion by that point, but…

It felt like I had a chance to avert such a problem to begin with. I just had to be willing to execute the man for what he might do.

"I could use him," I said, entertaining other possibilities. "Not all the changes I intend to implement will be popular. Having Godfrey as a rallying figure makes it easy to find which are courting treason."

"Aye, could do," Thorkell agreed. "But you can just as easily have Morrigan do what she does best and find them anyway."

This time a sigh escaped me, knowing that he was right. "I will give him a chance. Lagertha will ask it of me," I said, already knowing that much. She might have been the first to proclaim me king, but I'm sure that was partly to give herself some leverage over me to be used on behalf of her grandson. After all, it greatly helped my legitimacy to have such a legendary Shield Maiden vouch for me. However, if she were to suddenly withdraw her support?

People would wonder why. And even if they heard the truth, they would provide their own answers to confirm whatever bias they had.

"But I will test him. And he will fail," I said, knowing it in my bones. "And then he will die."

Thorkell nodded at that, accepting the course of action. "It'll undercut any complaint ol' Hare-Foot can use against you. Makes you look generous too. Aye, that sounds like the best way to go about it."

With that, he departed to go about rallying the army. Today, we will begin the march to Ribe, though we wouldn't reach it until tomorrow. The loss of Hedeby would be painful, but the loss of Ribe would be a fatal wound to Horrik's legitimacy. The loss of the Danevirke, then two of Denmark's largest cities? Such rapid blows would shake his foundations and force his hand. He would be forced to march to us, else his army would begin to splinter as it became clear which way the wind was blowing.

However, Thorkell wasn't the only one with an opinion on what should be done with Godfrey.

"I would ask for mercy, King Siegfried," King Widukind said, standing with me as the army made its final preparations to march some hours later. "Godfrey… I owe his father a debt that I can never truly repay. After my first failed rebellion against the Franks, I fled to Denmark and King Sigfred sheltered me for years. He… was a dear friend."

I knew that much. I'd heard few details of his time in Denmark, but I knew that he had been sheltered for some years as he laid the foundations of his second rebellion. Though, it made me realize that I didn't know much about King Sigfred. From the moment I was first introduced to him, other biases colored how I perceived him -- he was the enemy of Horrik. Then he became my enemy when I was deceived into thinking he was responsible for my brother's death.

"He agreed to aid my rebellion, but that killed him. Everything worked out for me, and in no small part because of you… but I can't deny that King Sigfred's legacy was destroyed by his aiding me and my people," King Widukind continued. There was a lingering pain in his voice and a quiet exhaustion. He sounded tired in a way I hadn't heard since the days of the rebellion, shortly after the massacre of Verdun. "Horrik used his death to claim the throne, his realm was splintered, and now his son is in the dungeon of what was his home. So, King Siegfried, I would ask for mercy on his behalf… in exchange for a conversation."

I turned to King Widukind to see that despite his exhaustion, his eyes were still as sharp as ever. "The topic of this conversation?" I asked, giving nothing away.

"A conversation about the future of Saxony… and the role it shall have in your… empire," King Widukind stated and, I couldn't deny it, that had my full attention. "All of this of course hinges upon your victory against Horrik."

"Of course," I echoed, a thin smile tugging at my lips.

"Saxony cannot thrive caught between two giants. I understand that much. Despite all the blood I have spilled, both my own and that of others, for it's independence… all of it shall be in vain if Saxony is conquered shortly after my death." He began, and I understood very well the importance of this conversation. The significance of what he left unsaid.

Saxony was not included in the list of Kingdoms I had to conquer to complete the Grand Quest, but it was an important kingdom all the same. As it was the border of what would become a restored Roman Empire. Which made it something of an… issue of mine.

It would be beneficial for me if Saxony remained independent. Denmark had a far smaller border to defend. If Charlemagne wished to invade Denmark, he would have to do it by sea or by marching through the Danevirke. While I had treated the latter like a minor inconvenience, that wouldn't be the case with me and my Chosen defending it. Or, if he attacked by sea… he would have to get through my fireships that spewed Greek Fire.

Saxony had a much broader border, and it was more exposed. What's more, Saxony would undoubtedly mount a resistance if Charlemagne's armies came, which would give my empire time to gather its troops.

It was a rather strange position to be in, I reflected -- it was more beneficial to use Saxony, a nation I helped rebel against the Franks, as a buffer between them and my kingdom.

"For certain guarantees, I am willing to lift this crown from my brow and bend the knee to you," King Widukind said, and… I already respected him greatly. He was a significant part of my realization that I wasn't ready to become king after the rebellion and why I set sail to the Romans in the first place. But my estimation of King Widukind rose higher with the declaration.

He was a true king -- one who embodied the values that I held highest. He was willing to swallow his pride and his power for the betterment of his people. For their safety.

"Safety guarantees are a necessity. I have begun a series of fortifications along the Rhine, but I lack the manpower necessary to guard them all. A standing garrison of five hundred warriors would be ideal," he continued and I entertained the possibility.

For all its benefits as a buffer, integrating Saxony was still appealing. The Rhine River was a great river that went on for hundreds of miles. It was a fine border to have, and it was the historical limit to the Roman Empire. It would defend the limits of Saxony, while granting us greater access to Rome, which would make Charlemagne's border harder to defend. Something that had a lot of appeal for seasonal raiding.

It would also grant me access to Saxony's natural resources -- in particular, timber. A lot of wood had been used in the rapid expansion of Hedeby and the Danevirke. But there were other resources like iron and fertile soil to consider. Additionally, integrating Saxony would open the door to Flanders, which was a kingdom under King Widukind's thumb. That could be quite useful for future endeavors. Because, while having a secure border benefited me, having a broad border would pose the same kind of problems to the Roman Empire.

"If Saxony intends to submit to me, then it is only natural that I would secure its borders," I replied, my tone far more conversational than what the topic warranted. Only we weren't talking about Widukind bending the knee. We were talking about talking about him bending the knee. "The fortifications already there are good, but a wall would be better -- in Rome, I learned of a substance called concrete. It is a type of wet stone that you can shape and once it dries, it hardens into solid rock."

There was a sharpness in King Widukind's eyes. A hunger that pushed past wanting something and turned it into a need. "That sounds like a considerable project," he noted.

"It will be," I admitted. "Nor is it one that would be completed in a short amount of time. But it is an… investment that I would be willing to make. It may not make Saxony impenetrable, but it will make invasion far more difficult for any who come after us." The idea was sound enough and there were plenty of examples to speak of. If I was going to fully incorporate Saxony into my empire, then I rather liked the idea of a string of fortresses along its border connected by a tall wall.

"It sounds costly," King Widukind noted. "I would wonder who would pay for such a fortification?" He asked probingly, proving that as much as he might want it, he was no fool.

"The Franks and Christians shall, for the most part," I reassured him. "After my conquests, I don't intend to allow Charlemagne to gather his strength in peace. Years ago, you unleashed me upon the Franks with a band of men, and we raided every monastery and city we came across. The bounty was so great, we could only take the best pieces with us, else we would be slowed down."

There was a tension that eased out of King Widukind as he heard my words, but I wasn't sure of the cause. "That would make things difficult for him. Few would believe he is capable of restoring this… Rome when he cannot protect his own people."

I nodded, "It would be years in the future. Perhaps not within this decade, but when Charlemagne finally looks like he is regaining his footing… I intend to make sure he slips."

"This pleases me," King Widukind spoke plainly, offering me a measured nod as he watched our men start to depart Hedeby. "I never imagined myself to be in this position, but… yours is a strength that can support Saxony. Support our people. So long as you do not stumble here," he added, making it clear that this was just the first of many talks.

"So long as I don't," I agreed, giving him a nod before offering a hand. He looked down at it and I could see the weight of the decision on his shoulders.

All the same, he clasped my forearm.

And I felt bad. It was a pang of guilt, knowing the truth of the matter. It wasn't something I could have ever imagined myself doing a few years ago, and because of it, King Widukind couldn't imagine it of me either.

This conversation didn't change any of my plans. Of course, I would follow my end of the bargain. I would send Godfrey to Saxony at Lagertha and King Widukind's behest. I would become King of Denmark, and at some point, I would test Godfrey.

He would fail. Then he would die.

I would keep the support of Lagertha and King Widukind because they wouldn't be able to justify revoking it. And if they decided to support Godfrey's ill conceived rebellion, well…

That would be unfortunate for them.

…​

"I don't know what you expect from me, little girl. I've seen near a hundred summers, I reckon. I've been slower than a turtle for more years than I've been quick on my feet!" Lagertha said, laughing at her own expense. Astrid had about the reaction I expected of her meeting her childhood hero -- unrestrained adoration. I think if we weren't already married, she'd join Lagertha's order of Shield Maidens in a heartbeat. And the only reason being married stopped her was because it made her ineligible.

"We could use your tactical acumen!" Astrid protested, as if she wasn't our strategist. "And your mere presence would have a great impact on our morale!"

Lagertha laughed at Astrid's final efforts to convince her to join before we marched on Ribe. "Astrid, your warriors are already convinced they follow a god. I don't think their morale can get any higher," she pointed out and Astrid visibly wilted, making Lagertha's gaze soften. "I'm an old woman now. I spent my life thinking that I'd die in battle, only for no idiot to manage to kill me. I have made my peace with that. And now, I look to brats like you to carry on the torch I've held for so many years."

Lagertha reached out and patted Astrid's hand. "That being said, there is still life in these old bones. I'll hardly croak the moment you look away!"

It wasn't what Astrid wanted, I knew. She wanted to fight beside Lagertha as she imagined herself as a child. Much like I imagined myself slaying dragons alongside Siegfried when I was a boy. But she accepted it for what it was, bowing her head before standing tall. Lagertha caught my gaze and gave me a very deliberate nod that conveyed much.

Gratitude for sparing her grand nephew. A warning to protect Astrid. And a wish that I would emerge victorious.

I returned the nod, glancing to Astrid, who was still a little down, but she wiped it off her expression. She was a queen now, after all.

With no words needing to be said, we marched out of Hedeby. The town we conquered wished us well, even if they were a bit relieved to see their king off. Again, I expected things to feel a bit different as we moved through the land at a sedated pace.

I was a king now. But I was still treated the same. I spoke to King Hoffer and King Widukind as peers, with the latter pretending our conversation never took place until it was time to formally address the topic. I still commanded men, and they were as quick as they ever were to obey. We scouted ahead, making sure that we didn't fall into some ambush, and Athrun simply reported that the city of Ribe was in a state of panic when they got word of our approach.

Nothing had changed, I came to realize on the road. I never really put it into words, but I had always thought that kings were something… more. Divine, even. There had to be a reason why the Norns chose one man to be king and not another, after all. I had never guessed as to what that reason might be before, but now…

Now I realized that king was just a title. Something that only had meaning because others gave it meaning.

I had been a king for years now. I simply never had the title to go with it.

Not the title, nor the lands. I had the first now, and I was looking to expand my borders once more.

"That is Ribe," Thorkell remarked as we gazed out at the largest city in Denmark. It was larger than Hedeby by half. Enough to surprise me a little bit. Some of it was that same rapid expansion that Hedeby suffered, but most of the buildings in Ribe looked old. So, perhaps my estimates of the population were off by a bit. Going off what I saw of Hedeby, I'd say that Ribe boasted a population of around twenty thousand. Perhaps up to thirty thousand at the highest estimation.

"It looks like we were late," I remarked, seeing the thick columns of smoke that drifted up to a cloudy sky that promised rain. Ribe could have used it a day ago from the looks of things. Though, some buildings were still burning.

The sight wasn't a surprise. Athrun warned me a day ago that Ribe was tearing itself apart in the face of our march instead of standing together or submitting. How it happened exactly remained a mystery, but as Athrun told it -- in the wake of Horrik's army departing, a riot broke out. And, from the looks of things, it was still ongoing.

"It's a trap," Thorkell noted, scratching at the scar over his eye.

"I'm sure he's left some men behind," I agreed. I could hardly allow the rioting to continue. "They'll be blending in and waiting to kill some of my soldiers when they go to enforce peace. Or perhaps he hopes to assassinate me."

"Feels pretty shortsighted. A city like Ribe… that's going to hurt to put together, even on the assumption that the plan does work." Thorkell pointed out and I hummed, watching as a handful of people spilled out from the city towards my army. They seemed panicked and, sure enough, True Sight marked one of them in red.

Still, Thorkell had a point and Halfdan agreed. "Might not be Horrik, then. Could be Thorfinn. This seems like the kind of move he'd make." That got a small frown from me as I realized he was right. This did strike me as the kind of short sighted ploy that Thorfinn would employ. But, I couldn't deny that it had an effect.

I couldn't just leave Ribe be. It was too important of a city. I could march in there with my army and start cracking heads, but that would sour me to the population. If I went with a softer approach, we would be tied down here for days or weeks while Horrik was free to muster his strength.

Meaning if I wanted to increase the pressure on Horrik and maintain my momentum, I needed to compromise. I already had a course of action in mind by the time the men reached us. They were breathless and their faces were smeared with soot. There were three of them, but the one in the center stepped forward and dropped to a kneel.

"King Siegfried," he greeted me. "I am Thegn Ulf -- I govern lands to the south of Ribe. We are here to ask for your assistance in restoring order to the city! Pri- Thorfinn saw fit to kick out the kegs of order in the city with his departure." Looks like Halfdan was right on the mark.

Near me, a low growl escaped Haldur's throat with his lips peeling back into a snarl. It made the other two men with Ulf glance at him warily but their gazes were fast to go back to me.

I said nothing as I watched the smoke rise to the sky, and I don't think it would rain fast enough to douse the flames before they spread even further. Then I looked back down at Ulf, saying nothing until I raised an eyebrow.

He was sharp, I would give him that. "A-and, naturally, Ribe will swear itself to you, King Siegfried. Has sworn itself. So it will be proclaimed," he hastily added.

Happiness: 3%
Quality of Life: 1/10
Population: 24,667
Population Growth: -0.5% decrease per year
Wealth: 5,888
Security: 7% per pop
Education: 3% per pop
Religion: 99% Norse Paganism, 1% Norse Christianity

As expected, Ribe was in rough shape. Honestly, it was as if Thorfinn and his army had sacked the city before we could. Which, honestly, wasn't far from the truth, all things considered. Still, if the city has sworn itself to me, then it made it my responsibility to ensure that peace and order are restored.

"King Hoffer," I said, looking at Astrid's father, who seemed surprised at the sudden address. "How many men would you say it would take for you to restore order in Ribe?"

He gave the city another quick glance before he shrugged, "I would say a thousand. Two, to be on the safe side."

"Then would you take the two thousand men into the city and quell the riots?" I asked of him and he shifted in his seat, nodding but there was a wary expression on his face as he cast a glance my way.

"Aye, I can do that, Wolfkissed. I said my men are yours to command, and I meant it… though, I am curious… what exactly do you intend to do?"

I offered a humorless smile as I inclined my head to the trodden dirt path that Thorfinn's army had taken on their way out. My answer was simple and it brought a round of smiles to my brothers' faces.

"We're going hunting."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 720 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 4, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks A Moment of Reflection
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,290
"Not to talk you out of this brother, but… what exactly is the goal here?" Halfdan questioned as my army bypassed Ribe, save for the two thousand Norwegians that were sent in to enforce a peace upon the burning city. There was a hum of anticipation in the air as word quickly spread about our aim -- to chase down the fleeing Danes. "It's about to start pissing down rain, and I thought you wanted one great big battle?"

"I did. Do," I amended, looking out at the road the fleeing army had traveled. The dirt path was nothing but a muck that had already claimed the boots of those that traveled at the rear of the column. "Which is why, like a herd of sheep, they must be shepherded. They'll splinter apart and flee to the ends of the land if we let them."

Halfdan snorted, "So, what I'm hearing is that you did too good of a job of putting the fear of Hel in them?"

I considered it for a moment before I allowed myself a small smile, "Something like that." I admitted, earning a chuckle from my brother. Five thousand men had already cut their losses and fled from any future battle. That was a great deal more than I had been prepared for, and, worse, it would cause future issues.

Bands of men ten to twenty strong breaking off from the main army… they wouldn't just leave Denmark. At least not at first. Out of fear or need, they would become bandits that would be a constant thorn in my side as I would need to scour the lands for them. Given my own success against Charlemagne, it wasn't an issue that I wanted to deal with while I went about conquering around the Baltic Sea.

So, we had two true tasks -- we needed to turn the five thousand men that had broken off from the main army around, and we needed to keep the main army intact as they fled to Alabu. There, I suspected that Horrik would muster up the last of his defenses. He would have no choice but to sally out and attack, as Alabu just didn't have the food reserves to survive a siege.

The biggest issue, however, was making sure that Horrik had enough confidence to commit to the attack. If he jumped onto a longship and sailed off…? The very thought opened up a pit in my stomach. The thought that Horrik or Thorfinn could escape after I had done so much to prepare for my vengeance… I genuinely felt ill at the idea. Which is why I needed to be careful.

"It shall soon storm, Wolfkissed," King Widukind remarked, looking up at the gray clouds overhead. The air carried the scent of rain, feeling wet and humid. It was ideal for my purposes.

"Then let us march," I replied, urging my horse forward. My scouts would already be keeping an eye on the army, and they would undoubtedly have scouts looking at their back. "We know their destination. Let's force them to march through the storm," I said, and I couldn't stop the grin that begun to tug at the corners of my lips.

With that, a horn was blown as my army marched on. We avoided the already muddy path that Thorfinn had used, which would take us wide, but we were still able to shadow the larger army. As I predicted, the moment that they realized we were giving chase, they immediately picked up their pace.

I had fought armies much larger than my own before, but only by carefully maneuvering several factors. In Crete, I had spent weeks drawing them out to respond to an opening so I could use the terrain to my advantage. In Bulgaria, I had taken advantage of what I knew of the commanders and sowed distrust between them so I was instead fighting two armies at once rather than a single large one.

Now I was doing both at the same time.

Horrik's grip on Denmark was slipping, and he knew it. By now, he would know the Danvirke had fallen. He would know that Hedeby had declared me king. He might even know that his army had retreated from Ribe. All of it painted a damning picture, and that would force his hand. He would have to confront me on the field. Defeating me was his only hope to restore his damaged authority.

That gave me the battle I wanted, but just as in Crete, I had to cultivate the army that I would face. Hunger and exhaustion. Those were my weapons of choice in this battle.

They would march through the rain and the mud. Through the night and day, if I had my way. They would have no time for foraging, and if their supplies were burned along the way?

Days of marching through mud on an empty stomach, harried and harassed every step of the way. By the time we chose our field of battle, it would already be half won.

…​

My army lagged behind Thorfinn's by nearly half a day, with a gap that steadily kept growing as each day, my men would stop to rest. Meanwhile, I was part of the raiders that nipped at their heels. There were two hundred of us in total, each changing out a time to attack. The mornings came with a heavy fog that was ideal for raiding up and down their column. It, however, cleared during the afternoon and with it came the rain that the army was forced to march through.

It was no light drizzle either, but a true summer storm with fat droplets that struck with physical force and soaked you to the bone. My raiders would rest under a tent then, kept dry and warm by a low fire.

Then, once night fell, the other group would set out to harass them. True Sight made it child's play to see where they kept their supplies, and Thorfinn was no Hadi or Harun. On the first night, we burnt a significant portion of their food stores, and on the second, we cut through the guard and destroyed the rest.

They started to send out bands to collect food from villages, but that swiftly stopped when their men never returned. Slowly but surely, they felt the noose tightening around their necks and their options getting more and more limited. Until finally, they had only two.

They could slow down to hunt and forage, but in doing so they would allow my army to close the gap. Which would render their punishing march not only pointless, but counter productive. Or, they could grit their teeth and power through the hunger and exhaustion. Considering their flagging morale, and the fact that even with hunting and foraging they would struggle to feed such an army, they chose the latter. Exactly as I'd hoped they would.

I'm certain that there were many that would want to defect from the army that was forced to march for days on end, through the mud and rain on empty stomachs and no sleep. Only our constant raids convinced most of them that there was no such escape. And finding the corpses of those few that tried anyway proved a compelling argument to seek safety in numbers.

The journey, under ideal circumstances, should have taken around a week with a fast march. Twenty miles a day was fast enough to be quick, and slow enough it was sustainable. But with all the rain and mud? The fleeing army moved closer to ten miles a day. Then five as the hunger and exhaustion set in. Once again Thorfinn did exactly as I wanted and pressed on, trying to reach Alabu as fast as possible. It was tempting to just attack. He had largely hidden himself from me, but I knew that if I truly wished for it, I could find Thorfinn in the army.

But that was contrary to my broader strategy, so I resisted. Barely.

It was the better part of two weeks later when the army began to close in on its destination, limping forward with my own army less than a day's march right behind them. And, it was as we began to near Alabu that I realized that I had begun to recognize the wilderness around us. Paths that I had walked down as a boy, forests that I had hunted in.

"We're near home," Halfur muttered under his breath, realizing it just as Halfdan and I had. "I came down this path when I left home. We're not too far from the old village," He continued, a frown tugging at his lips.

I hadn't at all been prepared for the wave of homesickness that struck me like a bolt of lightning. I found myself clenching the reins of my horse with a white knuckled grip. All too easily, I remembered the last time I had seen my home -- the house that I had been raised in. The moment that I found my eldest brother dead, slain by cowards who had attacked and slain more of my kin at my farm. I could recall the black anger that had possessed me like a vengeful spirit and how I had torn a dozen men apart so savagely that they looked like they had been ravaged by a wild beast.

It was just a house, I knew. The parts that made it a home were long since gone. There was no point in going there. Not anymore. Yet, I still found myself moving forward, urging my horse down the path that would take us by our childhood home. Wordlessly, my brothers followed me.

The path was at once entirely too long and too short, I found. The more I saw of it, the more I recognized, and the more memories were stirred up. Things that I'd thought I had long since forgotten came to mind.

"I remember that tree," Halfdan pointed out, a small grin rising. "Sieg got stuck in it and was too scared to come down."

To that, Haldur snorted. "Brandr had to climb up and push him out."

"Because you both said you would catch me. And didn't," I felt compelled to point out. "I'm surprised I managed to live this long with the two of you looking out for me. I nearly broke my neck." I couldn't remember for the life of me what had compelled me to climb up the tree as a young boy, only that I had climbed too high and I couldn't make my way down. I also vividly remembered both Halfdan and Haldur jeering at me from below, promising to catch me if I jumped.

Even as a boy, I had been wise enough to not trust that.

Halfdan belted out a laugh, "I'm more surprised your mother didn't wring our necks. I still remember the noise you made when you hit the ground. 'Ahhh- Oof'" he mimicked with a grin. It was a pretty faithful recreation.

"I remember. I felt fine once I got up… for all of ten minutes." I battered back fondly.

"I remember that. You got up like nothing was wrong until you burst out crying and ran home shouting that you hated us," Halfdan laughed. I had meant every word at the time too. It was strange how bitter memories could become our most treasured with enough time. Though, I think the fondness mostly stemmed from Mother assigning my chores to Haldur and Halfdan while I got a treat.

I had avoided thinking of those times. I hadn't even been aware of it, not really. My life before the betrayal my family suffered felt so… tainted by it. Thinking of those happier times led me to think about Brandr and the others. Which would lead me to think about what I had lost. What had been taken from me. And then I found myself consumed by a wave of bitterness and anger that didn't have a target. At least not one in my grasp.

I'm not sure what had changed. Perhaps time had healed the wound, or maybe it was the fact that the targets of my vengeance were at long last in my sights. But I found the memories weren't so bitter anymore as we made our way down familiar paths. Though, it was still something of a fist to the gut when we first caught sight of our old home.

It felt like a betrayal that it looked so unchanged. That so much could be different, and yet it was almost identical to my memories. Smoke traveled up from the hearth, telling me that my home was now occupied by another. Yet, there was no one in the fields.

"They put the firewood in the same place," Halfdan noted, his voice thick with an emotion neither of us commented on.

"They'll have a fine harvest too," Haldur added, his gaze sweeping through the fields as we approached our old home. It was at this treeline where I had killed my first man with my trusty sling. And it had been in the doorway where I had slain three more men. I hadn't realized how young I had been at the time. I thought myself almost a man at twelve years old, but I really had been just a child with more strength than sense.

I swung a leg over my horse, landing lightly on the ground. I also recalled slaughtering the men that I had found here in the aftermath of the raid. There were traces of the battle still, I realized -- noting the faded bloodstains that marked the building and the stones. "It's smaller than I remember," I muttered, realizing that I would have to duck to enter the front door.

Halfdan barked a laugh at that, "The house hardly shrunk, little brother. You've just become a giant." I knew he was right there, but it felt as if the house truly had shrunk. I hadn't even realized it, not truly, but I had outgrown my father. He wouldn't have to duck his head to enter his home.

I wasn't sure how I felt about that. My father in my memories had always been a towering man larger than life itself. The idea that if he were still alive I would be looking down at him… it made my heart squeeze in a way I didn't care for.

"Why did we even come here?" Haldur asked, though the question seemed directed to himself as much as it was us. "The only thing this has done is frighten whoever lives here now." That much was true. Given that there was smoke coming from the hearth, they must have hid themselves in a hurry. I couldn't really blame them for that.

"I wanted to see our home again," I admitted. "I doubt we'll see it again after this." I would be king. Haldur was a Jarl in Norway. There would be wars to wage and kingdoms to manage.

I- we, had outgrown the sleepy little farm we had been raised on.

"I wanted to pay our respects to Brandr. You did bury him with the others, right Siegfried?" I looked at Halfdan, vaguely insulted that he would even consider the idea that I wouldn't. At my expression, he shrugged. "I imagine you had a rough time leaving, Sieg. It'd be understandable if you couldn't."

"I did," I said, gesturing to the path in the forest that was our family graveyard. The bones of our grandparents were buried in that forest, as were the bones of our brothers. All but our father, Havi, and… wordlessly, we followed Halfdan into the woods, finding an overgrown dirt path.

I half dreaded what I would see when we arrived at the graveyard, but I was surprised to see that I was both right and wrong. Exactly as I had feared, the graves showed signs of disrespect. Stones had been smashed and the graves dug up… yet, the bones had been returned to the graves at some point, and protective stones had replaced the ones that were destroyed. Someone had disrespected my deceased kin… and someone had corrected that injustice.

Both Halfdan and Haldur said nothing of it as they offered their prayers to those that we lost. I considered what I would tell their ghosts, but I found that I didn't have the words. I would have to honor them with action.

As the three of us left the forest to find that our horses were where we left them, I became aware of the weight on my shoulders. We saddled up once more, our business here done. Yet, it was as we began to leave that a flash of movement caught my eye, and I looked up into a tree to see a little girl looking down at me. She had young, dirty blonde hair, and looked down at me with wide green eyes that were filled with fear.

I offered a thin smile to her and a small wave, and after a moment of confusion, she waved back.

I didn't know who lived in our former home, but it was theirs now. For better or for worse, our fate lay in a completely different direction, far beyond the sleepy farm that should have been ours.

Our return was greeted with some confusion, but no questions as we set out on the path once more. The quiet moment was just that -- a moment. Now, once more, we were back to tightening the noose around Horrik and his kin and after that brief moment of peace I felt my resolve become that much firmer.

The farm had been a day's walk from Alabu, but I found that the journey was dramatically shortened on horseback. Our band of two hundred horsemen chased the army to Alabu, almost to the very gates themselves. They managed to find a final burst of energy at being so close to their destination, and they almost fought each other to escape behind Alabu's palisade.

Unlike our old home, the town had changed since I'd last seen it -- it had been in the throes of celebrating our victory then, right up until I had been poisoned and rescued by Thorkell. It had expanded significantly in the years following our departure, even the brief glimpse I had gotten of it as we sailed by on our way to the Romans. It had become a town that was a peer of Ribe which… honestly, wasn't saying much. Not compared to what I had seen in my travels.

But it wasn't the town that had my attention. Not really. It was the two men standing on the palisade.

Horrik and Thorfinn.

Horrik looked older than I had last seen him. There were wrinkles that had gathered in the corners of his eyes and around his mouth, while there were traces of white in his beard. Stress had aged him, but he was putting on a brave front as he looked beyond the edge of his town that was now overstuffed with a starving and exhausted army, who would no doubt fracture in short order unless he took action.

Thorfinn looked more like Horrik now -- his hair was pulled back in a similar hairstyle that his father used to have it in, while an eyepatch covered his missing eye. Unlike his father, however, his expression was one of pure black hatred as he glared in our direction.

I thought that I would have a stronger reaction seeing them both once more. The others certainly did. I could hear Haldur grinding his teeth while Halfdan's hands were trembling with rage. Yet, I found that I was strangely calm as I regarded the two who had begun it all. The ones who had inadvertently made me the man I am today.

Slowly and deliberately, I raised a hand up to my neck and drew a line across my neck. The same action I had given them once before. Their expression tightened, but if they had a response, I didn't care to hear it. I simply turned my horse around and turned to my army as it was marching up the dirt path.

This had gone on long enough, I decided.

By tomorrow, my quest for vengeance would be fulfilled.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 704 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 11, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Know Thy Enemy New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,312
During the past two weeks, I'd had my scouts searching for a battlefield that met my specifications -- flat open fields, ocean access, with a forest on the other flank. That, and it had to be within a day's march of Alabu. I desired the terrain to be to my advantage, but not so much so that Horrik would refuse to fight me. He would know how hard his men had been pushed, how angry and demoralized they were. His hand was being forced, but even he wouldn't take to a field where he felt defeat was certain.

A day after we chased the army behind their walls, we arrived at the field that my scouts found. It wasn't perfect -- there was a forest on the western flank, but it was thin. There was a slight incline, but nothing that I would think would discourage Horrik from meeting me on the field. The battlefield itself was grassland, thoroughly sodden from the heavy rains that swept over Denmark. Perfect for my plans.

"What if they don't come?" King Hoffer questioned as we set up camp. My tent was erected and fortifications were put up, with scouts scouring the surrounding area for signs of Horrik's approach. King Widukind sat at the table, as did my brothers as King Widukind smiled lightly at the clay model I had made of the battlefield. "You've chased them behind a set of walls, Wolfkissed. In times like that, you hide behind them while the wolf stalks outside your door. Not jump out and fight."

"He doesn't have a choice," I stated firmly. "Not a true one. No one knows how precarious his position is better than he. If he hides behind his walls, his authority will continue to diminish. People's doubts will grow. He will face threats in the shadows as much as he would on an open field." It was the very same problem that Abd al-Rahman had faced in the Umayyad Caliphate.

Too many defeats in too short of an amount of time. It made Jarls ambitious. It made Thegns cautious. It made otherwise loyal warriors doubtful.

"He cannot be seen as a coward," Haldur voiced, nodding in agreement. "He possesses the larger army three times over. If he refuses the battle, he will be shamed."

It must have been grating for him, I imagine. Horrik would be clever enough to know what the smart decision was. He had the walls and the army -- if he could force me to attack Alabu? Not only would he have a great advantage in numbers and in fortifications, he could mobilize the population to aid in the defense. There, he could bloody me street by street, house by house if needed. Even if I won, my losses would be enormous and my reputation tainted by the slaughter. Horrik may not win, but he could at least make sure that I lost.

But he couldn't do that. It was the cost of a crown, I mused. Kings must command respect, be dignified, and honored by their people. If they were none of these things, then eyes would begin to wander and people might take up knives in the shadows. Horrik was already a paranoid man as my mother had told me. This situation was likely one that had stepped right out of his nightmares.

"And he cannot afford to be shamed any further. He understands that his army is held together by a frayed thread. He will come," I stated, my tone certain. To that, King Hoffer nodded his head, accepting the answer for what it was. All the same, he frowned at the model.

It was Astrid, however, who spoke his thoughts. "Which leads to us dealing with roughly twenty-five thousand men. Maybe more if he conscripts from the people in Alabu."

I nodded, grabbing a few of the tokens from the side of the board as I made a gesture for a servant to bring in a few of my commanders. They stepped inside -- one of them shining blue, the other a deep red.

My gaze met a young man in his early twenties or late teens. Dark hair and dark blue eyes. His expression was blank, but I didn't fail to notice how his gaze flickered to the model, to my brothers, the kings, and then back to me. When he caught me looking at him, he stood a little straighter, as if he was attempting to rise to the expectations I might have of him.

"We are on the eve of the battle that shall change everything," I started, looking at the two of them. "It will put to rest the question of who is the King of Denmark, and grant me and my family our well deserved vengeance. You two have been chosen for separate tasks, each vital for our victory. Do you understand what is at stake?"

"We won't let you down, Your Grace," One of the commanders uttered, an urgency in his voice as if he needed to convince me of his faithfulness. As if he was trying to convince the Norns themselves to make his words true.

"I would not have chosen you two if I thought you would," I said, my gaze flickering between them. They both leaned forward, eager for their tasks. "I will now share with you our general strategy," I said slowly and deliberately before I started placing the pieces down. "Thus far, we have succeeded in our goals of exhausting Horrik's army. They will march to us, but it is there they have two paths forward to choose from."

They listened with rapt attention and I continued. "Horrik can either march with his full force, or he can risk splitting his army. It is the former that we wish for, but we are prepared for the latter." I placed figures representing the army and ships, miming them coming down from Alabu.

"The field will be mud, which will greatly impede their attack. It will make them almost standing targets for our archers, and by the time they reach our line I will have your group flank around with a thousand men through the forest. They will be out of position to respond to the maneuver and exposed." The man I looked to puffed up with pride, but he nodded seriously, understanding the importance of his mission.

"And if they divide their forces?" The black haired teen questioned, keeping his traitorous thoughts out of his voice.

"Horrik is no fool. He will be aware of the terrain and the advantage it will give to us. As such, he may decide to bypass the worst of the field and instead attack by sea. It will be a dangerous tactic for him -- the time to disembark and land will be crucial, and frankly there is a very real risk that some of his men will simply sail away rather than fight. But, it may be worth the risk for him and for that reason, you shall be the shield on our wing."

I looked him in the eye as I spoke the words, and if I didn't already know who he served, then I would never have suspected that he was planning to betray me. His expression was tense, understanding the task, and gave a dutiful nod. "How many men shall I have?"

"Five hundred. Enough to contest the coast while we deal with the main army," I answered shortly. That would be it. The infection that I had allowed to fester in my army for years would finally pay off.

He would betray me.

He would inform Horrik of my plans, and then he and those five hundred men would betray me. They would leave a flank exposed, and Horrik would pounce on what he thought was weakness.

He would walk straight into a trap I had spent years laying.

The two men nodded, understanding their tasks, before I dismissed them.

Just in time for my scouts to return with the information that Horrik was starting to muster his forces.

…​

"He's close," I muttered under my breath, not entirely sure how I felt as I gazed towards the approaching army. I had imagined this moment so many times, and I'd built it up in my head more and more every time, my expectations growing with each rendition my mind conjured of this exact moment, but now that it was finally here it felt so… mundane. Like it was just a moment like any other, no greater or worse than any of the moments that came before it.

With all of my preparations, I hadn't expected to feel nervous, but I had expected to feel anger. Echoes of the rage I'd felt when the murders of my kin had been fresh wounds on my spirit. That same black rage that drove me to rip men apart with my bare hands. And it was there, I think, but it was a still pool instead of a bubbling cauldron threatening to boil over.

The time for rage would come.

"That sure is a sight," Halfdan commented, seated next to me on one side while Haldur was on the other. Perhaps it would be more respectful to have the kings by my side, but King Widukind and Hoffer understood this was a blood debt as much as it was about the crown. If not more so. "That's a lot of men. Honestly, I didn't know Denmark had that many people in it."

Coming up the path towards our camp was Horrik's army. According to my scouts, it was a full twenty-five thousand men. Meaning that Horrik had put spears in every able bodied man, both old and young, to mask the fact that five thousand of his men had remained behind to board ships that had set off in the dead of night. I imagined he convinced them to stay and fight with the knowledge that a trap was being laid for me.

"Finally," Haldur growled, and it seemed my rage had fled to him because he was angry enough for the both of us. "I've waited years for this. I don't think I could wait a day more for that snake."

"Do you see them?" Halfdan asked me and I gave a slow, deliberate nod.

I saw them. They rode at the very front of their army, flags trailing behind them that carried their heraldry. Horrik seemed regal enough. Paling in comparison to what I saw in Rome, of course, but I had come to expect that from my homeland. Both son and father wore armor -- a hauberk of chainmail, adorned with rivets of gold. Both wore bear pelts hanging off their shoulders while Horrik wore a crown.

A dark amusement welled up inside of me, "They're copying me." They were wearing pelts to match my cloak. Trying to project strength when they were so thoroughly weakened. It made them feel like boys putting on their father's armor to pretend to be him.

It made them feel small in a way I hadn't been prepared for. In a way I wasn't sure what to do with.

"When will they attack?" Haldur asked, his horse shifting underneath him, sensing his rage that was waiting to be unleashed.

"Soon, I imagine," I replied. It took Horrik the better part of sixteen hours to arrive at the battlefield. Morrigan was following the ships with a raven, and judging by their sail, they were taking a wide way around to make sure they weren't seen by scouts on the coast. In the eight hours they had sailed, they were roughly two thirds of the way to their destination. "Within a few hours. I'm not sure if they're going to bother to make camp."

He did have enough camp followers to build the camp while he formed up, or he might be planning to take mine with our defeat. It would be wise to rest his army before the battle, but he seemed to decide against it.

It was the exhaustion his men felt. The exhaustion of marching for two weeks, often going without sleep, didn't wear off overnight. I'm sure that there were many with stiff legs, blistered feet, aching arms, and open sores that were in pain at having to march more with only a day of rest. He likely didn't make camp because the men might just fall into their beds and never rise from them.

True enough -- the army immediately began to stack up in a familiar formation. The tried and tested shield wall. The forest and the coast restrained how far they could stretch their lines, so instead, they went many deep. Meanwhile, their archers were brought up before the line, each dropping down a quiver. They had javelin throwers, slingers, and archers. More than a thousand of them.

It was then that a man riding a horse approached, holding up a flag of truce. I recognized him. He was one of the Jarls that I had met at the Danvirke. He approached to about the mid point between our armies, planting the flag that he carried next to him.

Horrik wanted to talk. I'm not sure why that surprised me, but it did. He had always been good at talking, I reflected. Perhaps he thought he could twist me around his finger once more with a handful of words and empty promises?

The temptation to meet him was there. Like an itch underneath my skin. What would he say? Would he bluster? Threaten? Make promises? Would he bargain and cower? There was part of me that wanted to know. Desperately, almost.

"The time for words has passed," I said, knowing everyone was looking to me for my response.

I would hear all that Horrik had to say when he was clapped in irons in the blackest pit that I could find for him. Not a second before.

The offer to negotiate was rebuffed with Athrun firing an arrow that landed near Jarl Gunnar. His horse was spooked, but he remained seated. The message was received loud and clear as the Jarl turned his horse around back to his front line.

Then for a moment… There was silence.

Only for it to be broken by a horn blasting out. A feeling of anticipation filled me as Horrik's archers and ranged troops marched forward until both the archers and slingers were in range. They all began to ready themselves to fire, only for me to raise up a hand and to drop it.

Before the first wave of stones and arrows could fall upon my prepared army, my own archers let loose their arrows. They streaked through the air with pinpoint accuracy, all of them finding the throats of their targets. It didn't stop Horrik's army from firing back of course -- arrows and stones pelted my army, only to meet their readied shields. I'm sure an arrow or two managed to slip through, but my warriors were fine.

All were clad in the armor that they had earned -- chain and plate mail. They were my vanguard and an impenetrable wall that Horrik would break himself on in more ways than one.

While their ranged troops released another volley, shock rippled through their ranks at the accuracy of the arrows in ours. Then again when Athrun ordered another volley to be released, felling dozens more.

It was a familiar sight for Horrik, I knew, and it was for that reason his shield wall began to march forward, a full third of his army by the looks of things. Their shieldwall was decent, with few gaps that could be readily exploited. And instead of trying, my archers focused on the ranged troops behind them, steadily thinning their numbers until Horrik gave the order for them to hide behind the second layer of the shieldwall.

Meanwhile, the first ten thousand or so men approached, and it was every bit the slog that I'd expected it to become. At first, they were mostly in formation, but that steadily changed as the back row found that they were forced to wade through muck. And it was then that gaps started showing in the formation -- little slips that occurred when some tried to slow down for their fellows while the front row continued unaware of how far behind the others had fallen.

It was then that my archers began to shoot upon the approaching shieldwall itself. The arrows slipped through the gaps that appeared for mere seconds, and each time they struck true. Chainmail wasn't enough protection. Not anymore. Each arrow bore a bodkin point, made for punching through chainmail. It wasn't perfect for the job, and tightly woven chainmail tended to offer more resistance to the piercing power but usually not enough.

With every arrow that struck true, the formation started to splinter and slow. Gaps opened up as the shieldwall shuffled up or to the side to maintain its integrity, something that was complicated by those lagging behind. That, in turn, made it easier for my archers to place their arrows, killing those that reacted well and further fracturing the shieldwall.

"This is a little…" Halfdan began, uncertain how to finish the sentence, but I understood his meaning as the fraction of the army steadily closed the distance between us, even at the cost of leaving a trail of bodies.

"Neither of you were there for the first half of the war in Saxony," I remarked, watching as the battle took shape to my expectations. "Did you hear how Horrik had led us to a hill with the Franks nipping at our heels?"

"Pretty sure that was the first story we heard about you," Halfdan admitted, snorting softly. "As we heard it, you charged the army alone and swept them away."

My archers took a step back, retreating between my warriors. My infantry allowed them to pass before their shields once more interlocked with a matching shieldwall. However, as Horrik's army approached, they were met with one more projectile.

The pila.

It was a tactic I stole from Rome. My front line grabbed their light spears, which were more of a thin handle with a long metal point. As Horrik's army approached, they threw the pila as one and struck the shieldwall. Most hit the shields, very few of them managing to hit the warriors behind them, but that was their intended purpose.

The thin iron bent as the tip punched through the shields, weighing them down and making them unwieldy. The warriors, not expecting the added weight, found themselves caught flat-footed as my army stepped forward, meeting them head-on and seizing upon their surprise. The shieldwall cracked like glass struck by a hammer.

"It was my first real battle. I had participated in assaulting a fortress before then, but that was my first real battle on a field between two armies," I said, watching the battle unfold. There was an itch in my hands to be down there, in the thick of it, but now wasn't the time. "We had split our army between Horrik and King Siegfred, forcing the Franks to split theirs. They chased us up the Rhine River to a hill which Horrik intended to use against their cavalry. They outnumbered us two to one, and they pelted us with arrows."

Horrik saw that his first line was faltering, so he sent in the second line, another third of his army. They fared worse with the mud, which slowed them considerably. Their formation was much harder to hold, making them excellent targets for my archers. Every arrow meant death, and they fell from the sky like rain.

"It quickly became clear that the Franks had no intention of charging up the hill. Instead, they were content to whittle down our numbers and force us to abandon our advantage by baiting a charge," I continued, watching as my warriors held the line, just as they were instructed. They advanced enough that the first line was strained, forcing other places to shave off numbers from their wings to reinforce the center. "I didn't realize it at the time, but it would have worked."

Haldur glanced at me from the corner of his eye, "What are you saying?"

"I'm saying that Horrik is a poor tactician." Perhaps 'poor' was a bit harsh, but as I look back on that battle now, both wiser and more experienced, I realized how much of our victory then was owed to me. I alone had curtailed the Frankish archers, stopping them from simply whittling us down, and I had inspired the men by convincing them that the gods were with us. Horrik had managed to pick a fine enough battlefield that gave him an advantage, while removing the Franks' advantage of cavalry.

But that was it. We would have lost that battle if I hadn't done what I did. There wasn't a shadow of a doubt in my mind.

"Worse," I continued, watching as Horrik's army began to send runners back and forth along the line, to and from the waves of men that were reacting to the messengers. "He's completely underestimated how complicated it is to command so many thousands of men." I could see them, exactly as I intended. The cracks were showing across the formations. The men were exhausted on arrival, now they were getting conflicting messages on what to do and where to go to reinforce the first line.

Even something as simple as 'move forward' became extremely complicated when that order was given to tens of thousands of people at once. All the more so when they didn't want to be here in the first place.

"Horrik thrives on a different battlefield. Politics. On the killing field?" I questioned, sighing deeply as I found myself… strangely disappointed as Horrik sent forward his third wave of men. The entirety of his army moved to half force the second wave forward before the first wave fractured too deeply. "Decidedly less so. Which is why I gave him a plan tailor-made to his personal strengths."

Deception. Subterfuge. He was confident because he thought he was playing to his strengths. He might not have been confident facing me on the field of battle, where I had thoroughly proven my abilities to him and everyone else, but when he thought that he had a dagger aimed at my back? That gave him the confidence to face me.

The battle, I imagine, was serving a dual purpose in his mind. The first wave likely held a number of his personal enemies and detractors. Many would be killed, as he knew they would be, because Horrik knew how deadly I was as a boy and he would understand that I had only become more dangerous as I aged. The rest of the battle was a delaying tactic to buy him the time needed to drive that dagger into my back.

The third wave hit the second, and with a slog, they inched their way up to the first line. The weight of numbers gave them an advantage, forcing my warriors back a step. Then another. And another. Each step was controlled. Planned. Because, in the flurry of activity and frenzied orders, I knew exactly what orders were being shouted to the army as they approached.

'Reinforce the center.'

Twenty thousand men pressed against the men at the center of my formation, who took slow steps back. Which only encouraged the attacking army to press on harder, feeling the give and thinking the next step would break my shieldwall. All the while, the Norwegians and the Saxons on my flanks began to move up. First one step. Then two.

Slowly tightening a noose that the army was too divided and exhausted to notice. I'm sure some did, but Horrik didn't have the command structure in place to truly command an army of such size. They weren't like my men, who were built up by following me into battle, all deliberately recruited and trained in the same way to react and respond as I desired.

"Hannibal would be proud, I think," I smiled grimly as the encirclement was completed. The more Horrik's army pushed, the deeper they fell into my trap, and the only thing that they could think to do was push forward. However, my veterans were unyielding, and once they received the order they stopped retreating. They planted their feet and stood their ground, allowing the Saxons and Norwegians to complete the envelopment by swinging their flanks around.

I could sense the quiet awe from King Widukind and King Hoffer. They envisioned the battle would be greater than this. Harsher. Harder. That there would be some give and take.

But I hadn't sailed across the world for that. I hadn't built my army from the ground up for this moment for our forces to be even.

I had won the battle long before we had stepped foot on the battlefield. And it was only now that they realized that fact.

Yet, Horrik still lingered on the field with his son, and the odd thousand men he kept as a personal guard of sorts. Waiting for that attack from the forest, while he waited for the dagger to be delivered. And, across the field, when he heard a horn blowing in the distance, I saw Horrik smile. He said something to his son, who threw back his head and laughed in delight.

Even now, they thought their victory was assured.

I turned my attention to the sea at our flank, the waves lapping on the shore as a fleet of ships arrived. They closed in on the shore -- there were a great many of them, around fifty or so. They were densely packed, partly because it would make disembarking easier, and so they needed fewer ships to transport everyone. I watched their approach dispassionately as Astird gave an order -- a colored arrow fired off into the air, and that was the signal for two ships to sail towards the enemy fleet.

The enemy fleet continued onward, undaunted by their approach. I'm sure their captains were mocking them. Perhaps even admiring their bravery for sailing towards a foe that outnumbered them so completely. In either case they were completely unprepared for what was coming, right up until the first belch of flames erupted from the two ships.

"Gods be good…" King Hoffer muttered under his breath, his face paling as the screams of those who were burning alive echoed over the water, even over the sounds of combat. The ships were ignited, and the dozens of men who were tightly packed on them burned alongside them. Many jumped into the water to escape the fire, and there they drowned. The fleet was in immediate disarray, ships bumping into each other as they tried to flee the fire, which only spread it with another belch of Greek fire.

I paid it no mind. Not really. Nor did I turn to watch as the second group, which was supposedly meant to slip through the forest, instead attacked the unprepared traitors in the rear. My gaze was affixed to Horrik, watching him across the field as the confidence slid off of his face and was replaced with naked horror. The dagger he hoped to see planted in my back was instead planted in his.

Only then did I urge my horse forward. "Come, brothers. We have a king to hunt," I said, earning grins that stretched from ear to ear.

Another advantage that we had was horsemen. Horrik had never felt their effectiveness during the Saxon Rebellion. Perhaps Grimar had sent word about it before his death at my hands, but even I hadn't fully understood the warnings of my father until I experienced a cavalry charge firsthand.

Horrik and his forces immediately began to back away, intending to retreat from the battlefield entirely. But, true to what I had told him through his spy, my companion force erupted from the forest the moment he turned his back to the battlefield. As our horses sped around the battlefield, heading to Horrik, I saw the hastily prepared defense shatter like glass in the face of our charge. The already fractured force broke entirely, all of Horrik's men running to save themselves.

They might have gotten away in the confusion, but True Sight didn't allow it. They shone like gold in a field of red, and I drew Gram with my brothers riding beside me. Any obstacle in our way was trampled over, letting nothing stand in our path. Horrik seemed to sense our approach because, without reason, he glanced over his shoulder as we rode towards him. His expression was one of terror as he urged his horse forward, and half pushed his son ahead of him as they fled for their lives.

It mattered little.

With a slash of my blade, I cut the leg off Horrik's horse, sending him flying as the horse gave out from underneath him. Halfdan, however, chose to tackle Thorfinn off of his with Haldur pouncing on them both before Thorfinn could think to put up a fight.

Now there was the hum of anticipation in my blood as I dismounted, sparing but a glance at the others as they secured a thrashing Thorfinn who swore blood and vengeance. Instead, my gaze was firmly affixed to Horrik, who was trying to get his feet back underneath him after the fall. Only to go deadly still when he felt the cold blade of Gram press against his cheek, causing him to look up.

Our eyes met and there was pure fear shining in Horrik's gaze.

I smiled, and for the first time in years, I spoke to the man who had killed my family.

"Hello, Horrik."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 819 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 18, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Parental Love New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,352
It didn't feel real. Not really. Not even as a look of crushing defeat filled Horrik's eyes as he understood all too well what this meant for him. A moment that he had been dreading as much as I had anticipated it for years by this point. His defeat was more real to him than it was to me, I think. And, as much as I would like to pretend that I didn't know the reason why… I did.

Three years in Rome. A year in Saxony and Norway. Four years of my life I had been preparing for this moment and it was just so very… easy. Simple. There was no great upheaval as all of my carefully laid plans were suddenly worthless. There was no trick of Loki that gave Horrik an edge that he might not have otherwise to make the story suit the trickster's tastes. I had braced myself for it. I'd anticipated it -- for something that I hadn't foreseen to appear that I would only realize was a threat too late, but now it seemed I had braced myself for a blow that never came.

I looked down at Horrik, who looked away from me, his expression bloodless and as weak as I've ever seen him. I had built this moment up so much in my head, and now that it was finally here… It didn't match my expectations. Horrik didn't match my expectations. He couldn't. It was impossible.

Because, in the end, Horrik was a Jarl with a crown in a very small sliver of the world. He was no great Caliph. Nor Emperor.

"Have you anything left to say?" I asked him, my voice sounding strange to my own ears. I saw his jaw clench and how the frustration welled up inside of him. Yet, his silence was damning, even as his hands clenched into fists. Out of the corner of my vision, I saw two men approach with a pair of manacles.

Disappointing. I gave the two men a small nod, and they approached. They half-tackled Horrik, but he didn't put up any resistance as his hands were forced into the manacles, his arms bound before him. He was lifted to his feet, his head cast low. I watched him, expecting… something from him. But there was nothing. He went limp, unable to even stand on his own two legs, leaving him to be dragged.

And it was then that he spoke in a low whisper. "Please… spare my sons…" He said, not even having the will to look me in the eye as he was carried away.

"... How was it that my father and brothers were killed by a small man like you?" I asked him, not even sure what I felt in that moment. It was something bitter that took the edge off my satisfaction. I spat the taste of it out of my mouth, and it was then that my gaze was brought to the crown that had fallen. It gleamed in the afternoon light -- a crown of solid gold, with small precious stones embedded into the thin band.

Picking it up, I looked to Thorfinn, who was putting up far more of a fight than his father. He thrashed in the grip of Halfdan and Haldur, who was punching down at him with heavy blows that bloodied the former prince's face. His nose was flattened, his lone eye was swollen shut, but he still thrashed. I could see it in Haldur's face that he fully intended to beat Thorfinn to death then and there.

And he turned that hateful expression to me when I caught his fist from falling once more. "Enough, brother. He doesn't get to die so easily," I cautioned him. "None of them do."

Haldur forced himself to take a steadying breath before his head jerked in a nod and stood up. Another guard pressed down on Thorfinn, forcing his hands into another pair of mantacles. He, and many others around him as the fight left the Jarls and Thegns that remained. The battle was won, and it had been won before the first arrow was fired. They were only realizing that fact now.

I looked down at Thorfinn, who still lashed out, completely blind from his missing eye and the other swollen shut. That wouldn't do. He needed to be able to see what was coming to him. Meaning that he had a few more days to live while that eye healed up. I crouched next to him, and he seemed to still at that, squinting up at me. I struggled to put how I felt into words as I looked down at the murderer of my kin. My brothers. The man who put me on the path that I walked.

"I didn't realize it until now, Thorfinn… but I've outgrown you. You, and your father," I told him in a soft, almost gentle voice. He seemed to know exactly who was speaking to him. "I thought that this battle, this moment, would define my life. But, the truth of it is…it doesn't. It's just another moment, like all the moments that came before it. Defeating you here, and every horrible thing that you will endure for the remainder of your life, however long or short I deem to make it… it's just another thing that I had to do to move on with my life. To the things that truly matter."

That's what bothered me. There was catharsis, certainly. As off as the moment felt from what I imagined, it still felt good to see them like this. Defeated and at my mercy. But the core of what I was saying was true.

I had utterly outgrown Horrik and Thorfinn. They were small men who had cast too long of a shadow over my life as it was. I was more than ready to be done with them. To put the spirits of my kin to rest, and bury them deep. And simply move on to the real challenges that would dominate the rest of my years.

Of all the things that I could have said to him, I think that got under his skin the most. Throfinn recoiled from my words before he spat on me. "You're father squealed like a stuck pig when we killed him! Your brother begged to be spared! You- I'll make sure you suffer for this. I hear you have bastard daughters whelped on a whore- I'll split them in two with my-"

I struck him. Not out of anger, though I wouldn't deny it's existence. But mostly so I wouldn't have to hear him run his mouth any longer.

Shaking my head, I helped Halfdan up as Thorfinn went limp. Halfdan spat on him and caught his breath, offering me a small nod. "Now what?" He asked me, and he sounded a bit… lost. Listless. He sounded like how I imagined I would feel at this moment.

I turned my attention to the gathered Jarls and Thegns, all of whom were put under guard and forced to surrender their arms. They were gathered up, and there was fear shining in all of their eyes. But, it wasn't them that I paid any mind to. The army was surrendering, realizing that they were surrounded and defeated. The fleet was chased off with my fire ships.

And, because of it, Thorkell brought a guest. A man with a familiar mane of black hair and blue eyes. He tossed the bound and defeated traitor at my feet with a grunt. He offered me a lopsided smile, "Everything go well?"

"As perfectly as it could have. So perfectly I fear that I missed something," I admitted to him, looking down at the bound man at my feet. His forced himself into a sitting position, and I saw that his face was covered in blood. It didn't seem to be his own, however.

He looked up before spitting out a mouth full of blood to the side. "When did you figure it out?"

"I knew from the very beginning," I told him, reaching to the armband at my elbow. I pulled it free, feeling strangely naked as I looked at the coiled metal band with jeweled eyes at the end. I tossed it to him, and he caught it in his hands. "Though, I was surprised that Horrik sent one of his sons to infiltrate my army."

Rolf, the youngest son of Horrik, looked over the armband that was meant to be his with a disinterested expression. "The first time I saw you with this, I planned to kill you that very night. I was furious that my father gave this to you. It was meant to be mine, and he gave it to some boy." Then he snorted, placing the armband on his wrist. "Well… better late than never, I guess."

"Is that it?" I asked him, looking for something a little… more.

"Why wouldn't it be, Wolfkissed? My father had a plan, and it didn't work. And given how things are… I doubt some pretty words would be enough to convince you to change your mind. So… this is it," Rolf uttered with a sense of resigned acceptance. Not quite free of bitterness, but with a sense of acceptance.

I sighed and gestured for him to be taken away to join his family, and it was only then that I turned to the Jarls and Thegns. They were grouped up and forced to their knees. I was familiar with a few of them -- some, I had seen during the war of Saxony. I rolled the crown in my fingers as I approached them. I didn't say anything to them, but I walked by the Jarls and not a single one of them looked up at me.

But, then, one that trailed behind, shouted out, "Hail King Siegfried! Hail the Wolfkissed!" That was a crack in the dam, causing the others to follow. Without pause or hesitation, the others began to pick up the cry. Hailing me as their king. I'm guessing in a bid of mercy.

I took in a slow breath as the gods whispered in my ear.

Title Gained!

King of Denmark

Status: Uncontested

Reward:
All controlled territories will be viewable upon the Map. All cities with City Planner perk will be accessible within your controlled territory. Resources and production of territories will be revealed and listed.

Royal Court now available
You may now assign followers to positions within your Court to gain benefits and bonuses.
You may now display found and created artifacts in your Court to gain benefits from items that are not equipped. ​

And just like that… I was the King of Denmark. I had a crown in my hands, but I felt no compulsion to wear it. Instead, I took a moment to savor the accomplishment… and accepted that this was merely the start.

…​

The surrender was organized quickly. Horrik's army barely needed the encouragement. They had been demoralized to begin with, so the moment that things looked bleak it was a race amongst them to surrender first. They threw down their weapons and surrendered en masse. From there, they were divided up as they still outnumbered us three to one, but no one expected any true trouble from them by that point.

Which left me free to approach Alabu with a portion of my army. Horrik, Thorfinn, and Rolf were dragged behind us, their hands bound and attached to a horse that wouldn't let them rest. And it was there that we found the gates opened for us.

"King Siegfried!" A man that I didn't know said, greeting us at the gate. "I am Jarl Alf," he introduced himself, and he was Jarl of Hedeby. The one who abandoned it to me. "I open Alabu's gates to you, my king. And I present to you a gift -- your vengeance!" He proclaimed, before making a gesture before a number of people were brought forth.

I had absolutely no idea who they were. I had never seen any of them before -- not the sobbing mothers and daughters, not the boys who were too young to hold a sword, and not a beaten and bound man. Yet, I knew exactly who they were even if I had never seen them before.

The bloodline of Horrik.

"They attempted to flee upon hearing news of the false king's defeat, but I put an end to that, my king. As soon as they made for a ship, they were surrounded by my men and bound." He bragged, and my gaze flickered between the faces, all of whom gazed up at me with fear, dread, fury, hatred or some mixture of all four. Among them, I suspected, were Grimar's children. Children of Horrik's daughters.

It was a good thing that they were captured, I knew, but I found myself irritated with the man. "My thanks. Seize them. And Jarl Alf," I ordered, barely paying the man a moment of thought as I rode through the gates of Alabu.

Jarl Alf sputtered, starting to argue but he barely had the will to resist as he was grabbed by my men. "My king! I-"

"I am not in the habit of rewarding turncloaks," I answered simply as I rode through the dirt roads of Alabu. Especially when they carried themselves with such pride when presenting babies to the jaws of a wolf. It was not something I could do lightly, however. Nor frequently. But, I intended to wipe the slate clean across Denmark.

I'm sure some Jarls and Thegns would meet my standards, but those like Alf certainly wouldn't.

The streets were deserted as I led my army into the depths of the town. I could see the eyes meeting out at me from every window and crooked board. The town of Alabu was holding its breath in anticipation of my rage. I imagine Horrik had filled their heads with what I would do if the city fell to me.

As for the city itself…

Happiness: 13%
Quality of life: 3/10
Population: 4,895
Population growth: 3.5% increase per year
Wealth: 85,700
Security: 12% per pop
Education: 3% per pop
Religion: 97% Norse Paganism, 2% Norse Christianity, 1% Christianity

Alabu had expanded considerably, but my suspicion was right on the mark that Horrik had emptied the town of able bodied men for his deception. Likewise, the town was rather rich. Partly, I imagine, because of the funds that Charlemagne had sent to repay my humiliation of him. Considering how four years ago the city had barely boasted a population of a thousand… Horrik had made his city the capital of Denmark and it grew appropriately.

My horse approached a familiar longhouse and two guards opened the doors for me, allowing me to step inside after discounting. My gaze swept over the interior, recalling memories -- of receiving the armband that marked me as a man in the eyes of our people. Of speaking to Horrik and looking to him for guidance. Of the celebration that had been cut early as I had been poisoned, with my father and Havi being cut down in the chaos that followed.

I looked at an ornate throne that was carved from a red wood, which was then covered in fine pelts. It was too small of a chair for me. My gaze searched the longhouse, wondering where exactly my father and brother had perished. "Bring Horrik here, but everyone else remain outside," I ordered, walking up the steps and tearing the arms of the throne off so I could sit on it.

My guards bowed their heads, and Horrik was shoved into the longhouse with the doors slamming shut behind him. There was a very loud silence between us that was only broken by the chains that bound him. I rolled the crown between my fingers, looking down at the man who dominated the past few years of my life.

He wouldn't look up at me. His gaze was affixed to the dirt floor, his fine clothing muddy and the regal bearing he carried himself with gone like smoke in the wind. And I found myself so… irritated with him for it.

"You were the King of Denmark, and you couldn't be bothered to put in wood flooring in your throne room?" I asked him, leaning into what had been his throne with his crown pinched between two fingers as I toyed with it. Horrik, predictably, didn't answer. The will to fight had completely fled the man. He was only a step above being catatonic.

A sigh escaped me, "What was done with the bodies of my father? Of Havi?"

Horrik shrunk into himself, and that was answer enough.

"Say the words, Horrik. Believe me on this -- there is no way for this to end any worse for you," I told him, and that was something of a reassurance, I think. It was not as if I could hate him any more than I already did.

Horrik licked his lips, trying to find his voice, and it took him a few tries to find the words. "They… were fed… to the hogs," Horrik confessed in a voice just barely above a whisper. As if that would lessen the impact of what he said.

My father and brother were reduced to pig shit.

I was unsurprised. Fury still filled me, and I found myself clenching my jaw as I was forced to revise my thoughts -- I could, in fact, hate Horrik more. Yet, I let go of that fury by releasing a small sigh because I had prepared myself to hear such unwelcome news. "That is unfortunate," I told him.

There was another loud silence between us with Horrik seemingly pretending that if he could not see me then I was not there. The man seemed to visibly age by the second as his fate weighed so heavily on him.

I felt like a fool in that moment. I felt foolish for making this man my enemy. A foe I had spent so much of my hatred on.

He was utterly unworthy of it. He was so pathetic that it felt like wasted effort, even as I continued to hate him.

"Why?" I broke the silence after another long minute, and I didn't elaborate. He knew exactly what I was asking. It was impossible for him not to. Yet, even in the face of such an obvious question, Horrik remained silent. "Why did you do it? Why did your son do it? Is my mother right? Had you seeped so deeply in your paranoia that you saw my father as your enemy and a traitor? Did I outshine you so badly that you thought murder was your only recourse?"

Silence. My anger flared and even as it did, it felt so wasted on him.

"I will not ask again, Horrik," I growled, and the unspoken threat got a reaction from him. Slowly, meekly, Horrik looked up at me. I hated that Jill inherited his eyes.

"My son Thorfinn…" he started, only to trail off as his lips thinned. "Land is the single most valuable thing a man can possess," he continued, and there was a sliver of the man that I remembered in his words and tone. "Fertile land all the more so. Thorfinn, with my blessing… began to consolidate farmland for his eventual rule over my lands."

I didn't react, simply letting the information wash over me and settle.

"He worked with a man named Kalf, one of my largest landowners before becoming King. The deal was a simple one. He would consolidate land in my son's name and in exchange, upon my son's ascension, he would be made a Thegn. Or a Jarl, should Thorfinn become King of Denmark." Horrik continued in an almost gentle voice. Fragile, even. "Thorfinn… I… I sought to discredit your father. To curtail him. To make him seem weak to curb his influence and to remind him who he still served by… sabotaging the rapport he made with…."

Horrik closed his eyes for a moment, looking away from me as if he were physically bracing himself for my reaction. "The band that was sent to your home was sent with my permission. You… would have been killed and your mother raped. The house burned and your farm ravaged."

I breathed in slowly, tempering my reaction as I felt black hatred crawling up my throat. It took everything that I had to not jump to my feet. To not race down the steps and allow my anger to lead me to give him a far more merciful death than he deserved. And the only thing that stopped me was the thought of that being his desire as he would finally know how I intended to make him suffer.

When I didn't grant him a mercy he didn't deserve, Horrik continued. "I was content to allow the plot to die then. You slew a dozen men as just a boy -- I knew then that you were something special. Touched by the gods or not, I didn't care. I wanted to cultivate a relationship with you. Use you as a tool against King Siegfred in my bid to become king."

Then Horrik seemed to fold into himself, as if he was trying to seem as pathetic as possible. "Thorfinn felt slighted. He was angered by my decision to give you Rolf's armring, but that was not what motivated him to act against you then. He organized another raid on your farm without my blessing or awareness with the intention of betraying Kalf. He would place the blame on Kalf's feet, and he would then aid you in taking revenge. To solidify your loyalty to him, as I would have made a show of forbidding it."

It wouldn't have worked, but they had no way of knowing that. While I didn't have True Sight at the time, I already had Tell Spotter, even if I hadn't learned of its weaknesses at that time. But, they didn't know that. As far as they were aware, I would have been a young man filled with vengeance and they would give me a convenient target.

"But during the war, you proved too… much. Even before the battle on that hill, you proved yourself to be a great warrior. One that others were keen to follow. And Thorfinn was… jealous. Envious. He acted foolishly, and I… I covered for him," Horrik confessed in a low whisper. "He murdered Kirk on the field of battle, and I was wroth. I wanted to strangle the boy for what he did, all the more so when he confessed to what was already happening back home after we left."

I barely remembered it, but that lined up with something I had all but forgotten. Horrik, in the aftermath of Kirk's murder, had been in a foul mood. Something he had directed at Thorfinn. I hadn't thought much of it at the time, contributing it to some other factor, like the rebellion itself but…

"Why?" I asked him, intent to know. I wanted to know what would possess him to walk this path. Even back then, he must have known what I was capable of. Of the vengeance I would inflict upon him.

Horrik found the courage to look me in the eyes, and they were shining with unshed tears. "He's my son," Horrik said with a sob in his throat. "He's my eldest son."

He said it like that was a justifiable reason. It wasn't. It couldn't be.

Yet, I understood. As much as I would prefer not to, I understood. I couldn't have understood it before Ragnar was born. The love that a parent felt for their child wasn't something that could be conveyed through mere words. It was a love so intense that it felt like my heart could burst at times. The pride that I took in Ragnar's first steps outstripped any pride I possessed for winning battles that would likely etch my name into history.

If it was a choice between a stranger and my son, I would choose my son every time. But I had never thought to contextualize that feeling.

What if Ragnar murdered a man? Not killed in a justifiable duel, but had their throat slit by men he thought were comrades? What if Ragnar committed himself to a foolish and self-destructive path against a man whose ire he would not survive?

Would I still choose his side above all? Would I cover his misdeeds, no matter how vile?

I didn't know. I truly didn't. And I hoped that I would never have to know, that Ragnar and all of my children would grow to be good and honorable.

"I covered for him," Horrik continued, oblivious to my thoughts. "I had to. You would have killed him if I hadn't, and even then, I knew that there was no hope of besting you in battle. So I wouldn't try. Instead, I had you poisoned and your family killed so there would be no one to take revenge. I would have blamed King Siegfred, as he feared your prowess and because you were too loyal to be swayed by his promises." He was forcing the words out in a rush, as if he wouldn't finish otherwise. "But you survived. My daughter betrayed me, and you survived. I spent years in fear, knowing what was coming. I thought I had prepared but… I never had a chance, did I?"

That was it, then? The reason so much of my family was murdered? Why the remainders were hunted down?

The petty greed of a spoiled son and the love of a father?

"No, you didn't," I admitted to him. "The moment you failed to kill me, your fate was sealed. Thorfinn's as well."

"We have wronged you," Horrik admitted, shifting his weight and I noticed his trembling hands. "You have just cause for vengeance. I don't deny this. I ask for mercy, all the same -- not for myself. Not for Thorfinn. But for my family who were completely uninvolved in what we did. They were ignorant of everything. Most of them weren't even in the kingdom at the time, and after… after they only knew what we told them."

He lowered his head to me, bowing so low that his head touched the dirt. "I will make them swear to never seek vengeance upon you or your family. They will forswear any claim to the throne. I swear it to the gods."

"You swear it, do you?" I echoed, clenching my jaw. I hated that I found his begging almost respectable. He understood his fate was sealed. He could no longer save Thorfinn. Instead, he was trying to focus all of my ire upon him and his eldest. "What worth is your word to me, Horrik? After everything? There was a point it would have been enough, aye. I looked up to you. I trusted you. My brothers hate Thorfinn the most between you two, but what you did was a betrayal. One that I can never forgive."

"You forgave Gunjill, did you not?" He said, looking up at me with a desperate expression.

"Jill," I corrected. "My wife prefers to be called Jill. And I forgave her for being your child when she saved my life from your attempt of murder." I hated him. I hated him even as I knew it was wasted effort. That it was pointless.

I hated him for begging me for the one thing that I was inclined to give him.

The fates of those children rested in the palms of my hands, and even now, I didn't know what to do with them. Do I indulge in mercy and risk problems in the time of my children and grandchildren?

Or did I rip out the threat, root and stem?

"But you forgave her. You had a child with her- Magnus, his name is? A boy. A strong, healthy little boy who is completely free of any wrongdoing despite my blood in his veins," Horrik tried desperately to reason with me. Hearing my son's name come out of his mouth had my hands trembling with rage. Fury filled me like a cup that he was trying to use my boy against me for his own ends.

"And had you won?" I asked sharply, leaning forward. "Would you have spared Magnus?"

Horrik hesitated and we both had our answer.

"Rolf will become a blood eagle," I uttered the sentence and Horrik collapsed. "Knud will be blood eagled alongside him. They will die at the hands of my brothers, as I have killed enough of your children. This mercy I grant your sons is the only chance that they will have to enter Valhalla. Should they scream, however, their spirits will walk this plane forever as I will repay what you did to my father and brother to them."

I'm not sure if Horrik was listening to me. He curled into himself, his hands going to his head and curling up like the news was physical blows that he was trying to protect himself from. I suppose I would know soon depending on if he reacted to what else I had to say.

"I once sent you a message, Horrik, in the aftermath of the raid on my home. Did you receive it?"

"...No," Horrik breathed, unable to keep the horror out of his voice.

"I told you. I would take your hands. Your feet. Your eyes, nose, and ears. Even your manhood," I told him, not an ounce of mercy in my voice. "I intended it to kill you, but I have learned much in Rome. For a culture that boasts to be the pinnacle of civilization, they are quite adept at the art of mutilating their enemies. I wonder what that says about the nature of civilization?"

"No. No, you… you can't! Please," Horrik begged, trembling like a leaf.

"I suspect you and your son will have a long life ahead of you, Horrik," I told him before I whistled sharply, and the guards entered once more. Horrik was openly weeping as the guards dragged him to his feet, only for him to go limp. They ended up dragging him from the longhouse. "Close the door behind you," I ordered, turning my attention to the crown in my hand.

They did as bid, and I heard Horrik's wailing grow distant.

"As I thought," I muttered to myself. "I have no taste for cruelty."

A king must be feared as much as he is loved. Any weakness presented would be exploited by those below who wished to climb. My people were a harsh people. We were a cruel people. We were so because the land demanded it of us.

Sparing children and babies was not our way. It was simply too much of an unnecessary risk in a land that was already half out to kill us for living on it. The North was not the Mediterranean, with warm winters and vast stretches of fertile land. And I understood that better than perhaps any other. As well as I understood the depth of love a child could feel for a parent… as well as the depths of the rage they could feel at the loss of that parent.

To spare Horrik's bloodline would be seen as weak. A crack in an otherwise flawless foundation that I was building my kingship upon.

My mercy needed to be tempered with cruelty.

Horrik and Thorfinn would be living reminders of my ire. Of my capacity for cruelty to my enemies.

I sucked my teeth, finding myself annoyed even on such a joyous day. With a flick of my fingers, I tossed the crown into a brasier, and the gold began to weep at the heat.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 729 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks An Oath Fulfilled New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 2, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,394
The next month was a flurry of activity. The war had been won, and I was now the uncontested King of Denmark, but the truth of it was that becoming king was the easy part. The battle against Horrik was something that I had set in motion and prepared for long before I returned to the shores of my homeland. What I faced now was a very different kind of battle.

It wasn't one that could so easily be settled with arms or words. It was a battle of influence.

The majority of the Jarls and Thegns had thrown in with Horrik because they knew the nature of our blood feud. They understood that they had to pick a side, and they chose Horrik's because they feared that the mere association with him would be enough to stain them in my eyes. And while they were absolutely correct in that assumption, they misunderstood the moves that I made in the days after becoming king because of it.

The plans and ambitions I had for Denmark required a clean slate. With my Map, and all the perks I had poured into refining it, I could see exactly how to best develop the kingdom. That meant redrawing borders of territory, relocating villages to better take advantage of nearby resources that they didn't even know about, and changing which village owed fealty to who. It meant breaking up Jarldoms long entrenched by naturally gaining power and influence from families whose histories stretched back generations, and by picking up the pieces from other families who hadn't withstood the test of time.

As one would expect, the Jarls and Thegns hadn't responded particularly well upon learning that I intended to strip them of their lands and titles. In the weeks following my ascension as King, there had been no less than a dozen attempts on my life from disgruntled Jarls. Morrigan found the plots as soon as they were formed, and one by one, each was foiled with the evidence being damning. The guilty were rounded up and put in the cells alongside Horrik and his sons, all of them awaiting an execution that was fast approaching.

However, things swiftly changed once the rest of my army and the migration of some forty thousand people arrived. And with them, many of their replacements. The smarter Jarls decided to cut their losses then -- most took what they could along with whatever retinue they could convince to flee with them and fled Denmark. Some would settle in Saxony, others would go further. Likely not far enough, however, as I intended to conquer the Baltic Sea and beyond.

Meanwhile, some Jarls simply hoped to survive the change with their power relatively intact by bribing me with whatever they thought I wanted -- their daughters, gifts of gold and silver, or increased taxes.

It was a month before I felt comfortable enough with my position that I decided to recall my family from Norway. And, it was with their arrival that it came time for something else.

My coronation.

"I never dreamed that things would turn out this way," my mother told me as I gazed out at Alabu. It would be where I had my coronation, but it was not where I intended to rule from. It was to be the final show of my supremacy over Horrik and his bloodline -- to proclaim myself as king in what had been his capital. "I always knew that you were special. From the very first time you asked me about the voices of the gods, I knew that they had a great destiny for you."

My mother's voice was small, almost frail, but filled with warmth. She reached out and took my weathered hand as we sat together, enjoying what I imagine would be some of the last moments of peace we would receive for a very long time. A scaffolding was being repurposed near the Thing stone -- a great rock that a folkmoot would be held around, where a Lawspeak would make proclamations from. Horrik had intended for it to be the platform where my execution would take place if they managed to take me alive.

It was a good location. A natural one. The area was elevated, but open enough that the entirety of Alabu would be able to see what happened there. More importantly, it was in the shade of a great ash tree, one that Odin seemed to favor, as there were many ravens who called the tree home.

"I wish it didn't come at such a cost," I replied, my heart heavy.

"Greatness can only be made with sacrifice. Sacrifice and blood," my mother chided me sharply, but not unkindly. She didn't disagree, I knew. "Would you have become the man that you are if your father hadn't been murdered? Your brothers? If we hadn't been chased from our home, and you didn't know where?"

No. I wouldn't have. "I'd give back this crown a thousand times if it meant they'd be brought back," I admitted, and my mother offered me a sad smile in response.

"Your destiny is grander than a mere kingdom, Siegfried," she reminded gently. "Denmark is merely the first. You intend to reshape our way of life. To unite our people in ways that are unthinkable. Your father would have gladly given his life to see your dream become a reality. Your brothers, too." She gave my hand a gentle squeeze, but then her gaze hardened. "Honor their sacrifice, Siegfried. And appease their spirits with blood and vengeance."

My hand curled around my mother's, and I offered a single curt nod. I found myself… unsteady, the closer the culmination of everything I had worked towards came. Unbalanced, almost. It was bad enough that my mother felt the need to gently confront me about it. It was just… so much time and effort and… emotional weight had been put into this moment, and now that it was here, I felt like I was shedding that weight. A burden that I had carried for years now was being lifted off my shoulders, and it was only now that I realized how crushing it had been.

But without that familiar weight, I was off balance in a way I didn't quite know how to describe. It felt like I had crossed a threshold of sorts -- while I had vast ambitions and plenty of goals ahead of me, more than I could likely accomplish in a single lifetime, my goal of taking vengeance on Horrik… it had dominated my life up until this point. And now I felt almost listless despite all my plans.

"Have you spoken to Jill?" My mother asked, and I suppose she saw my shift in demeanor.

"I have," I admitted with a small grimace. "She is as good as she can be, I think. Which is still not… good," I added.

"It's not so easy to cast off your family, especially when you're going to bear witness to their end," Mother noted, her lips thinning ever so slightly. "It's easier when they're half a world away."

"Would you stay with her?" I asked, knowing that as much as Jill had prepared herself for this moment, it wouldn't be enough. Not truly. "And, should she need it… give her an excuse to leave early?"

"I will," Mother agreed. "But I think you're underestimating her, my son. She knows that this is something that she can't flinch away from. Not without consequence."

I knew that. Jill had more than proven herself to me, but now that we were back amongst our people… she would have to prove herself to them. In Rome, no one had cared that she was the daughter of a foreign king that I had a blood feud with and had now deposed. Here? People would talk. Tongues would wag. And if Jill was seen shying away…

"I would like her to have the option," I replied. "The consequences be what they may." I could shield her reputation with my own, if needed.

My mother let out a small sigh, "Your mercy is your weakness, Siegfried." She warned me, her voice as serious as I had ever heard. There was a weight to her tone I hadn't heard since she spoke of the plans she'd made in the aftermath of our family falling from grace. "With Jill. With the children. You can't rule and be kind, my son. To accomplish what you set out to do… harden your heart." It wasn't a surprise that she saw through me. If anything, I expected it.

"Mercy is a luxury that I can afford with cruelty," I replied, and she searched my face for a moment before she offered a single curt nod. I wonder what she saw with her Blessing?

"If she needs it, I'll make sure she can slip away unnoticed," Mother assured me before she stood and placed a kiss on my forehead. "Be ruthless, Siegfried. At this stage… you can't afford even a single mistake."

With the warning delivered, Mother stood up and left me alone so I could make my own preparations. And I used the time to gather my thoughts and prepare myself for the night to come.

There were rituals that needed to be done to prepare my body to become king. To be acknowledged by the spirits of the land so they would recognize me as their ruler. My body was slathered in ointments -- coating my torso in a reddish black soot which white runes were traced on the surface of. There were a few reasons why I held off on my coronation beyond wanting the rest of my people to arrive -- on some days, in some hours, Midgard drew closer to the realms of the gods.

My coronation would happen during one of those days. Partly for political reasons -- if the gods did not wish for me to rule, then they would not accept my crowning on such an auspicious day. People knew me as favored by the gods, but Horrik had done what he could to poison that well so that I wouldn't find any allies in his household. This should put those concerns to rest. Another reason was that it would help quell the rumors that I was in any way a Christian, and, hopefully, put an end to the 'Norse Christianity' that saw me as a prophet of God.

Lastly, it was for a degree of showmanship. A great sacrifice to the gods while solidifying my image to the kingdom I now ruled. I think Odin would approve of my plans, if he himself hadn't whispered them in my ear.

The next few hours went by incredibly quickly and dreadfully slowly. My body was marked, I drank the draughts that were prepared for me by the gothis and wise women. Though, I did worry that Iron Stomach had limited their effectiveness in opening my mind to the realms of the spirits as I didn't feel any different after taking them. In that time, the population of Alabu and from across Denmark began to gather around the Thing stone. The crowd was a great one, likely one of the largest gatherings that Denmark had ever seen.

Many of them were my people -- the allies I had recruited over the years. Some would be Saxons and Norwegians, and at the helm of them would be King Widukind and Hoffer. Others, however, would be the spies that still loitered within my kingdom. The ones that lingered to see me become king and would slink away to their homelands to warn them of my promise -- that I would come with an army at my back.

Then the moment arrived with the sound of drums beating. The sun began to retreat beneath the horizon, and I emerged from the longhouse. Outside of my door a dense crowd awaited me, but I paid them no mind. Nor did I march forward with any guards -- that too was part of the image that I was cultivating.

Power lay in perception. That was perhaps the greatest lesson I had learned in Rome. Titles only had meaning because people gave them meaning, as they did crowns and scepters. Leading up to my victory, I had crafted a reputation of might. Cultivated the idea that I was more than a man. My many victories and the ease with which I won them, solidified that image, and so did this.

I knew that I was a powerfully built man. Years of hard labor and battle had thickened my arms and shoulders. My stomach was lean, and my abs flexed with every step. I stood taller than any other man in the crowd by at least half a head, if not a head and shoulders. I had inherited my father's blood red hair and my mother's features, leaving me handsome and striking.

Most of my scars were covered beneath the pigments, but some were still noticeable, such as the one upon my neck and the other on my forearm -- both given to me by a great beast.

By my people's standard, I knew that I was close to the ideal man. I was strong. I was a great warrior. I was a tried and tested leader of a large army. I was immensely wealthy. And all of my children were born healthy and strong. That was the perception I had cultivated during my return to Denmark -- that I was the ideal king for our people. It was that perception that would make everything that came after easier to accomplish.

The crowd parted for me as I marched forward, heedless of their grasping hands that brushed over me. Despite the number of people before me, there was a loud silence as they stared at me with a sense of muted awe. As I passed by, the crowd began to follow me outside of Alabu, towards the Thing where the great crowd gathered. The drums hammered away, joined by singing, as if to summon me.

Above, the sky darkened, leaving the night full of stars and, to my immense relief, I saw the rainbow bridge emerge. The vibrant colors -- bright greens, reds, blues, and purples all streaked across the sky in a jagged pattern. I wondered if that meant the gods themselves would be joining the crowd to see me crowned king? The thought felt arrogant. One worthy of punishment, honestly. But, I couldn't quite dismiss the hope that my ascension to King was deemed important enough that the Aesir bore witness.

In an elevated position, around the Thing stone, I saw my family. My mother, my wives, my children, and my brothers. There were the leaders of my army, all standing beneath them, but just as important as none of this would be possible without them. The music and singing increased in volume, reaching a fever pitch as I walked by before suddenly going silent as I revealed myself by climbing to the top of the stone.

Thousands of eyes looked up at me, their expressions intense and eager.

"My name is Siegfried Erikson," I began, my voice loud and carrying. "It is now, before all the spirits and the gods, that I say this -- I am King of Denmark," I boomed, and I, alongside the crowd, waited for the gods and spirits to give their response. Yet, we were met with silence, and that was their verdict.

"I know you all have heard much about me. Some of you knew me as a boy, once favored by Horrik back when I was making a name for myself during my first raid and the Saxon Rebellion. Others amongst you have fought beside me for years to the far corners of the world. And the majority of you only know me from the poisoned words Horrik dripped in your ears." I continued, earning a few cheers and stomping feet, then boos when I mentioned Horrik. "In that time, much has changed. I understand this. I understand your fears and your doubts."

"I hear your whispers -- 'how does this affect me?' 'What does this mean for my family?'" I continued, and I saw sharpening expressions in the crowd from those who had likely uttered those same words. "I do not begrudge you for your doubts and concerns. Change brings about uncertainty. However, I cannot reassure you, because it is my intention to change things a great deal."

I breathed in deeply, and just as I saw countless faces before me, I could feel the gazes on my back. My family. My children. All of them listening intently, waiting for me to declare my intentions for the world and the gods to hear.

"Things have changed, and more shall change in the coming days, weeks, and years," I declared. "They must. For I have borne witness to the great empires of the world, and I have learned what made them great. I have seen the power that they wield -- armies hundreds of thousands strong, cities that could contain the entire population of Denmark. I have seen how they build with stone, and how those buildings from a time when Odin walked Midgard still stand. And it is this knowledge that I am determined to share with all of you. To turn Denmark into the foundation of the next great empire."

I calmed my pounding heart, the excitement getting to me. "First, I shall build a new capital city on the island of Sjaelland!" Much like Constantinople, Sjaelland sat at the opening of two seas -- the Northern Sea and the Baltic, making it a natural port and place to trade. Naturally, it would also be defensible. "It shall merely be the first project amongst many. Roads that connect not only every city and town, but the villages as well. Great temples where we may honor the gods, and places of learning so we may honor Odin, the God of Wisdom. You have already reaped the benefits of the farming methods that Horrik stole from me -- and I tell you now, they are merely the first of the great tide of changes to come!"

As I delivered the speech, I made practiced gestures. Cicero, one of the greatest orators of Rome, had left behind many of the secrets to his success. My voice carried, but perhaps not far enough. Dramatic gestures would help those at the back see me and visualize my speech even if they couldn't hear it over the sound of the crowd roaring with approval.

There was real passion in my voice as I laid out my plans. Already, I had begun constructing a model of Denmark in a one to one replica of my Map. Every resource I had the ability to see would be marked, not just for me to take advantage of but those that would come after. With Simulation, I could test the roads that would need to be built and how to best interconnect my kingdom. To prepare it for what came next.

Raising a hand, I quieted the vast crowd, though it took a moment. "Great changes are coming and I swear to you, as your king, they are to your benefit! Denmark will be reforged anew to be stronger than any king before me ever dreamed of. That, I swear to you -- here, before the spirits and the gods!" On cue, Thorkell presented me with the Cloak of Fenrir and Gram. Our eyes met briefly, and there was a twinkle in his eyes.

He mouthed a few words to me, and I nearly stumbled when I understood them.

'Proud of you.'

That meant more to me than he knew, I think. If he did, he probably would have found a better time to tell me that.

I took a steadying breath and draped the Cloak of Fenrir over my shoulders and there was a rippling of shock at the sight. I was a large man, but the cloak covered me down to my ankles. With a single dramatic motion, I unsheathed Gram and held it aloft. "I swear upon these artifacts -- a pelt taken from a great wolf and the sword Gram, the weapon of my namesake reforged!" Another wave of cheering rang out and I lowered the blade and rested my hands atop the hilt while the tip bit into the stone.

"However, before we can look to that future and what tomorrow might bring, we must first lay the past to rest," I continued and it was then that prisoners were dragged forward. "These men are guilty of fearing the changes that I bring. It is understandable and I condemn them not for their fear, but for their attempts on my life!"

The crowd was working itself up into a fever pitch, and I think if I threw the prisoners into the crowd they'd kill them for me. There was even a risk that they'd rush up to do the job if I wasn't careful.

"Poison is the weapon of cowards," I yelled, wondering if most could even hear me such was the outcry. "As are knives in the dark. They feared to face me in the light of day in an honorable duel, so I deny them an honorable death." My tone hardened as the guards placed knives to their throats. I gave a single nod and their throats were cut, unleashing a spray of blood for all to see. "I offer their lives to the Aesir and their hearts to Odin," I declared, as much to the sky above as I did the crowd below as the bare men had their stomachs split and their hearts removed from their chest.

Human sacrifice was hardly a rare thing in our ways, though I had learned it was less common elsewhere. Amongst my people, it was fairly commonplace to offer the lives of the defeated to the gods as thanks for victory in a hard fought battle, where it was their favor that was the deciding factor. I honored the gods as was proper, though I rarely indulged in human sacrifice.

There had never been a particular need to. The gods put challenges before me, but they always expected me to overcome them. It was why they gave me quests and rewards. Victory would mean little when I had to beg the gods for aid in a quest they had given me.

But this was different. This was my ascension to kingship. I'm certain that the gods would continue to challenge me, but hopefully this sacrifice would earn their temperance.

The hearts were collected in a woven basket before it was placed amongst the roots of the ash tree behind me. In the crowd, I could see some were uncomfortable with the display. They, I imagine, were the Jews that had recently arrived or migrants that Horrik had attracted.

"I offer them my vengeance," I continued, and it was then that two familiar faces were brought forward. Knud and Rolf. Their hands were placed and bound in the antlers of a deer skull slotted on two posts, forced to kneel with their heads low. My brothers approached from behind, their expressions intense as they glared down at the defeated brothers. I resisted the urge to glance at Jill, hoping that she had prepared herself for this. "The remaining sons of Horrik. Both shall suffer the Blood Eagle -- and should they remain silent, I am certain that the gods will recognize their strength."

Such was the Blood Eagle. My time in Rome and the Abbasid Caliphate had taught me the many creative ways emperors of the past had executed their prisoners. Some were a great deal worse than the Blood Eagle, but they didn't have the same weight to them. The Blood Eagle was a uniquely brutal form of execution that, if done correctly, would allow the victim to die of suffocation only after their lungs were removed.

From my vantage, I saw them both begin as the drum beat resumed.

A large cut with a hot knife down the spine. Flesh ripped to the sides, exposing the ribs. An axe that cut them along the spine, not unlike butchering a pig. Each rib broke along the sides, exposing the victim's lungs when they were pulled back. Salt splashed over the wounds for even more pain. Then the lungs were ripped from the victim and rested upon the shoulders, giving the image of an eagle in flight.

The execution was torturous and it was why any who suffered it and managed to not scream… surely they would be worthy of Valhalla, regardless of what they had done in life.

However, neither Rolf nor Knud would be entering Valhalla. Both screamed, with Knud screaming as soon as his back was slit by Haldur.

The execution took minutes and it only ended when both men died of asphyxiation, gasping for air with lungs that they no longer had. By the time it was done, the drum beats had stopped and both of my brothers seemed oddly exhausted. They looked up at me, their hands slick with blood.

I smiled at them, and they returned it.

I felt lighter. So light that it felt like I might fly away. That weight I had been carrying for years, the guilt I felt for not being there to save my family… it was lifted off my shoulders at last. I could feel the spirits of my father and brothers being put to rest with this act of vengeance -- the blood debt had been repaid. Knud and Rolf were both dead.

And in the deepest hole I could find, Horrik and Thorfinn were suffering a fate worse than death.

My quest for vengeance, at long last, was finally at an end.

It was time to be the king I knew I could be.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 704 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 2, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Tide of Change New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 9, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,428
I had decided on building a new capital from scratch early on in my plans to build an empire. The island of Sjaelland was perfectly located for that goal. There were two other locations that I had considered before settling on Sjaelland -- Gotland and Åland, both were more centralized in the heart of the Baltic, but I decided against them for practical reasons.

First and foremost was the fact that my people needed to see the results of my promises, and they needed to see them relatively quickly. Building cities on those islands would be a result of natural growth, and I could see the capital one day being moved there, much like Rome had moved its capital to Constantinople. But, initially, my people would need to see real and tangible progress, else they would begin to doubt the validity of my promises.

Secondly, it was simply easier at this stage. Sjaelland was already within my grasp, I had a surplus of population in Denmark as it was due to Horrik's attempts at building up the nation enough to resist me upon my arrival, and with my Map I already knew that it was a perfectly serviceable location. No matter what, there would be a city constructed on Sjaelland, likely a city and a town for both sides of the strait that flowed around the island.

Lastly, it was something that I could begin working on immediately.

"Horrik's population expansion has hobbled our initial efforts," I said, looking down at the basic model of my kingdom that I had been carving for the past couple of weeks. It wasn't as detailed as I would like. In the future, I intended to craft a more detailed one. One that not only marked the current development of the land, but denoted areas of future expansion. "The forests of Denmark have been greatly thinned in his efforts to build the Danevirke and other palisades around various towns. A significant portion of the aged trees were cut. Some can be reused, but not all, and not necessarily how I would want."

That wasn't to say that every forest had been senselessly cut down. There were still great swaths of densely packed forests. The issue was that it took around a century for a tree to reach the ideal height and shape to be turned into timber. And, even if that time went by, there was no guarantee that the tree itself would grow into the proper shape that was ideal for many planks.

"Which is why you require timber from my forests," King Widukind noted, looking down at the model with a hint of fascination.

"Exactly so," I admitted easily. Not everything could be made out of concrete. My Map already marked where serviceable quarries could be found in Denmark. The kingdom itself was lacking a bit when it came to metal and mineral deposits for mining, but there were great stone and clay deposits, which would make future building projects easier. However, to build those mines, I first needed timber.

There was an urge to rush through my projects, I could admit. I had envisioned the kingdom that Denmark could become for years at this point, and I wanted to implement everything that I had tested and developed in Norland immediately. But, that would be supremely foolish no matter how much I wanted to do it.

Things needed to develop in stages, and I was already making good progress on the initial ones that would serve as the foundation that all the others would be built off of.

King Widukind turned his gaze out to the side, looking away from the model and through the open tent that we rested under. What had caught his attention were the labor crews that were already preparing the ground of Sjaelland for my new capital. The work was well familiar to me by this point, but I imagine to King Widukind it was a strange sight. The ground was being flattened in some places while others were being dug up, plots were being marked well in advance before anyone had a chance to claim them, while roads were being plotted out and shaped.

"How many do you expect your capital to house?" He asked me suddenly, a certain weight to his tone.

"Twenty thousand, initially," I answered without hesitation. That would make it the largest city in Denmark upon completion. It would be easy enough to find that many people. Denmark, under normal conditions, could boast a population of around five hundred thousand. That was before Horrik had drawn in migrants from across Scandinavia, and before I'd brought another fifty thousand from the Mediterranean. "I expect that number to swell over the next ten years to a hundred thousand. I'm preparing accordingly."

Sjaelland was ripe with farmland, and the majority of it was already cultivated. In the far north, arable farmland was a scarce resource and every scrap of fertile soil was exploited. Even the soil that was less suited for farming was utilized, simply because every morsel of food was needed. Well, that was the mentality before Horrik thoughtlessly spread my farming methods.

"And after that?" King Widukind questioned, watching as the foundations of the city were laid before his eyes. All of the little lessons I'd learned from Norland were being implemented. From the layout of the streets to digging a sewer before we had even laid a brick, and preparing it all for the steady increase in population.

"A million people," I said, and that caught his attention. "I don't know when we would reach that point, but I am designing the city with the idea that its population would one day reach a million people." Planned expansions and grid layouts that would make it easy to add onto the city as things changed. It likely wouldn't be for hundreds of years that the city reached that threshold, and I certainly didn't expect it to during my lifetime. "The biggest issue would be feeding them all, but this island is capable of it."

It had to be cultivated perfectly, and that was why I dealt with the Jarls and Thegns as I did. As things stood, Jarls and Thegns had inheritance rights that I couldn't easily work around, especially when it came to cultivating what was considered their land. To do as I wished them to, I would have needed to negotiate with every single one of them, made compromises, and in doing so, run the risk of alienating other Jarls and Thegns by developing a rival over them.

It was a headache that I wanted no part of, so I'd simply wiped the slate clean instead. As things were, all across my kingdom, the Jarls and Thegns that I had selected were settling in their new territories. All granted to them for a codified right by me, the King, to develop their lands as I saw fit.

Very convenient for me. And a very dangerous power to have in the hands of future kings, but I decided that it was better for my descendants to have more power over their vassals than less. I had seen where that road led.

The point was that the plots of farmland were cultivated to the best of our ability. Lands that were less suited for dedicated farming were subsidized with animal husbandry to produce meat, eggs, cheeses, and other foodstuffs. Then, the lands that were completely unsuited for farming were going to be cultivated for industry. Or, failing that, gardens for trees that we could use for game or lumber.

King Widukind breathed in deeply, "You don't dream small, King Siegfried." He noted, sounding at peace with that fact.

"I can't," I corrected. "Not if I wish to accomplish what I desire. The bones of the capital will be laid during this year. It'll be about four before I would say that it is complete," I continued. Which, coincidentally, was roughly the time I intended my conquest of Scandinavia to be completed. Odds were, I'd be returning from my conquests to see the first version of the city completed.

"I underestimated your ambition," King Widukid admitted to me before his gaze once more drifted to the model. One that displayed towns, villages, and the roads that I was planning to build to bind them. Then he reached out, his fingers brushing over the model of the Danevirke that I was planning to rebuild -- Horrik's idea for a great defensive barrier wasn't a poor one, despite how easily I had overcome it.

It was a bit further down the priority list, but I intended to improve the fortification. A wide and deep moat, first inlaid with stones, leading up to tall stone walls. Not dissimilar to the Theodosian Walls of Constantinople, though that was a project that would take a great deal of time, and it would be no small expense. However, I made sure to include it in the model because it would help King Widukind visualize what I meant when I spoke of building a wall for Saxony.

Before I could even hope to begin that project, I would need to build my road network. All made of stone or concrete. People had already taken to calling it 'the King's Road' and I imagine that was a nickname that would stick. The main artery of Denmark would be a stone road that was large enough for four wagons to ride shoulder to shoulder, shaped slightly curved and elevated to shed rainwater or melted snow with ease. Likewise, smaller roads would split off and curve throughout the land, connecting the towns I intended to develop.

Because of Horrik and my immigration policy, Denmark's population had swelled to six hundred thousand in the past few years. Horrik had been content to allow the people to dwell in villages and towns that couldn't fit them, but I wasn't. For that reason, just as I laid the foundation for my capital city, I was laying the foundation for several towns that would become lesser cities as time went by. All of them capable of handling the surplus of population and further developing my kingdom.

Which was another reason why I had wiped the slate clean when it came to the existing Jarls. Some locations were just better for a city -- more defensive, with easier access to trade by road or by sea, or with more natural resources that could be exploited.

All of it was being worked on as we sat here and spoke. The excess population were all finding work in my labor projects, and all of it was being financed with my spoils from the Mediterranean. None of it was cheap, and even my vast treasury was feeling the strain of such ambition, but if the current rates I was spending my gold held, it'd still be the better part of thirty years before I drained my coffers dry.

Work crews that numbered in the thousands were earning their pay under the watchful eye of my trained architects. All of it was still in the early phases, but at the moment, things seemed to be going well. Experience taught me that it wouldn't hold, and there would always be delays for one reason or another, but I anticipated that and accepted that when an architect said a project would take six months, he really meant a year.

"Could…" King Widukind began, only to trail off as he seemed to consider if he wanted to finish the sentence. He did. "Could you do the same for Saxony? The roads, the city, the walls?"

"Not as easily," I admitted. "Your Jarls and Thegns would submit under peaceful means, and that prevents me from removing the factors that would get in the way of such development. Should I try, they'd undoubtedly rebel. Which can be useful in justifying their removal, but the act itself would taint my reputation within Saxony as it would be an obvious power grab." It was the same issue that I would face with Norway when it came time to integrate it into my empire.

The other territories? I would be invading them. Conquering them. That gave me the pretence of wiping the slate clean so I could develop the territories as I wished.

"What would be the alternative?" He asked, his brow furrowing as he leveled a heavy stare at me. I understood what we were talking about. It was a conversation that we were continuing from the ramparts of Hedeby.

"A slow erosion of local autonomy," I answered, not dressing it up to be anything other than what it was. I witnessed the dance of politics that rulers had to master to get anything done. How they had to wield influence with finesse to avoid stepping on toes to achieve something that should be within their rights to do. I understood the game that was played, but at this stage, such a game would be an anchor to the progress I desired.

I did away with it for now, but that wouldn't last. Not forever. Those whom I instilled in their positions wouldn't always remember my generosity. They'd get fat, lazy, and content with their success. They would become entitled to whatever favor and influence they felt were owed. Which is precisely why I'd structured the Jarldoms as I did.

"It would need to be something done over the course of years, and cultivated deliberately. Inflame tensions between rivals so I can punish one of them. Deliberately give them opportunities to overreach, so that I can cut them off at the wrist. Instigate a rebellion with unpopular policies that have public approval, then crush it. Appeal to their short-term sensibilities in exchange for long-term power," I listed off a few possibilities before I offered a cutting smile. "I learned much in Rome."

"So I see," King Widukind muttered, seemingly almost wary of me, before he nodded. "You are right, however. Such a thing would taint your reputation. For that reason… I shall do it," he decided, clenching his jaw before letting out a slow breath. Then, deliberately, he reached up to the crown on his brow and rested it on the table. We both glanced down at it, understanding the implication. "I have leeway and the existing support. I can use Charlemagne as an excuse. Or you, even."

That would work. Charlemagne had gone against the spirit of the treaty, if not the word of it. He'd marched no armies into Saxony, but there had been consistent raids that I knew were bleeding the kingdom. There were a number of ways we could approach the issue -- King Widukind could use the Franks as a reason to tighten his grip on his kingdom. As for myself and my empire, we could be both a threat and a partner. Whatever I needed to harness the natural resources of Saxony.

"You've proven your ability with Denmark," King Widukind acknowledged freely. "You did exactly as you said you would, and you made it look easy. For that reason, when you say that you will conquer the rest of Scandinavia in a handful of years? I'm inclined to believe you." He leveled a heavy stare at me before he rested a hand on his crown. "Five years. Build your empire over that time, and in five years… I shall prepare them to submit."

I didn't say anything, only holding his gaze. He was committing Saxony to become a vassal.

Slowly, I offered a hand and King Widukind clasped my forearm, and I his.

The deal was struck, and I had gained another crown, even if it would take a few years for it to adorn my brow.

…​

Not all of my reforms were material in nature. A great deal more of them were political and economic.

"Are you trying to instigate a rebellion?" Lagertha Hare-Foot questioned me, her hands on her cane as she squinted at me, like she was trying to see if I was serious. Or perhaps she was just trying to see me. She was quite old, after all.

"With this? No," I answered, amused by the sharp tone.

"Coulda fooled me, young one," Lagertha huffed. "Men are a stubborn lot. You should know that. What you're proposing is a slap in the face for most tradesmen. You're bringing in foreigners and claiming that they are better at their craft."

"Because they are," I stated firmly. That was never in doubt. The metalworking of my people was poor and primitive compared to the methods that I had found in Rome and the Abbasids. Even the Franks had better metalworking than us.

"Aye, from the sounds of it, that's true. But if you go and tell them that, you'll bruise their fragile egos and you'll have a real mess on your hands," Lagertha voiced, and I fought off a frown. Of course I had considered that, but I deemed it a inconsequential. In the end, blacksmiths, carpenters, and other tradesmen had to work, and with the new practices that I'd introduced… they would either learn and improve, or be forced to find another trade.

Such was the nature of change. They would find work, for a time at least. For the next decade, I would be in a state of constant construction, meaning that there would always be a demand for stone masons, laborers, haulers, and the like. Meanwhile, those that were interested in learning blacksmithing, carpentry, or any other of the half dozen trades I had brought to Denmark -- they would naturally drift to those that produced a superior product and were more successful.

"That is unavoidable," I admitted with a small shrug, leaning back into the makeshift throne that had been carved for me. At this stage, it was a glorified dinner chair. My true throne was still being crafted, and very slowly, considering that I was sculpting it myself. "Those that can't adapt will find themselves left behind. Those that are unwilling to learn have no one but themselves to blame."

Learning was the cornerstone of my ambitions. Within my capital, I planned to construct a university, but it would be a useless thing without students. In Rome and the Abbasid Caliphate, the vast majority of the students within their learning institutions were nobility, or those that came from wealthy families. I understood why, but it felt… limiting.

"I shall give them the opportunities to adapt," I continued, my voice stern. "They are offered invitations to learn at the university or to send an apprentice in their stead." There were many within the university of Constantinople that hadn't taken their lessons and learning seriously. Because they didn't have reason to. I was hardly part of it, largely because I'd been ostracized during my time at the imperial university, but there were more parties and lessons skipped than attended.

It was because those noble students already had a life path laid out for them. They would inherit lands or businesses. If they were the second or third son, then they had to take their lessons more seriously, but there was never a doubt that they would use the skills gained for the benefit of their family. Meaning that even they would have guaranteed employment. However, someone like me? A low-born farmer?

We had far more limited paths to improve our station in life. There was the path that I had taken -- the warriors path. I'd raided, I'd accrued wealth, then I gathered a band of warriors, raided some more, gained more wealth, and then found lands to claim as my own. I was a very extreme example of what you could accomplish, but overall, the journey I took to this point was similar to all others. Another path was to learn a trade. There would always be a need for blacksmiths. And there would always be a need for carpenters. And stonemasons, glassworkers, weavers, cobblers, and so on.

As such, those of low-birth that had the opportunity would work harder to make the most of it than a noble, simply because they had more to gain.

"And you truly expect them to swallow their pride and learn?" Lagertha questioned, raising an eyebrow at me.

"Most will. Some won't. And those that don't will choke on their pride," I admitted. "I have no sympathy for those that are content to wallow in their own ignorance. Those who close their eyes and cover their ears to the opportunity to lessen their obliviousness."

I clenched my jaw, "From the ground up, education is one of the single most valuable things I can offer my people. Call it the will of Odin or simple common sense. I don't care why they learn, only that they do."

In every hamlet, village, town, and city -- I wanted to increase the general education of my people. Expecting everyone to want to receive higher learning was simply unrealistic and forcing them would be unsustainable, but learning how to read and do basic arithmetic? That was doable. Very much so. Those with talent could be noted by the village leaders for their clever minds or skilled hands, and from there, they could attend university to hone their talents. Perhaps a swordsmith could sponsor the education of an apprentice, or perhaps the Jarl of a territory, or even the crown could.

It would take years, decades even, before I saw the fruits from such an endeavor, but it would be worth it. Those that had the potential to rise would be given the opportunity to do so, and that would make my kingdom stronger. Perhaps I could even create other universities, each one created for a singular trade where talented metalworkers could not only learn how to ply the trade, but experiment to develop new and more efficient ways to work with metal be they armorers, swordsmiths, or jewelers.

Lagertha sighed, seeing that I couldn't be swayed from my path. "Well, I suppose it's a good thing you can't be convinced so easily. The only thing worse than a foolish king is one whose spine bends with the breeze." She inclined her head to me in acknowledgment and I got the impression that I had passed an unspoken test. "But you speak of opportunity quite freely. As if all can grasp them -- men and women alike."

And now I saw why she traveled this way to meet with me.

Lagertha was in an interesting position. She was related to the former King of Denmark, but she had also been the first to declare for me. She was an old woman, but one that wielded incredible influence amongst my people because of her long saga, and with my wife in particular. Yet, she was not someone I would call an ally, but nor would I declare her an enemy. So, it surprised me when I heard that she wished to meet with me.

"Ability matters most in this realm. I care not if it is a man or a woman -- so long as they are suited to the work… then let them work," I answered. My travels had also taught me another thing about the wider world, and it was that my people granted women an unusual amount of freedom. In Rome, or the Abbadids, or Francia -- their women could not own property, they could not divorce their husbands, and they could not run a business.

But, that was not to say that women were treated the same as men in my homeland. I had never heard of a woman blacksmith or carpenter or shipwright. Even the Shieldmaidens, the few that there were, were something of… a novelty. Though I would never dare say that out loud, else Astrid would have my tongue. That didn't make me wrong however. Women could be warriors, but they faced many more challenges on that path than men did.

Lagertha let out a deep and hearty chuckle, "You are a firebrand. Far more so than I expected," she said, sounding rather approving of that fact. "Oh, I wish I was a few decades younger. I'd like to see if you'll manage to succeed, or if you're doomed to the most spectacular failure."

"I just don't see the point of such petty distinctions," I confessed. That, I suspected, was the result of being the youngest child in a large family.

Lagertha just laughed, "More the fool you are for it, King Siegfried. But, there are worse things in this world than a fool for a king." The words were undoubtedly an insult, but the tone she said them with wasn't. "Ah, no offense intended, of course."

"No, you intended to offend me," I rebuked, earning a ghost of a smile from the old woman. "However, I am not so easily offended. Either cease your attempts or do better."

That just got a laugh from her, and I allowed myself a smile. I was glad that I was able to deal with the legendary shieldmaiden. Because, despite her concerns about her death being near…

I got the distinct impression that I would be dealing with her for many years to come.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 702 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 9, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
50 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks The Ripples of Change New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,475
"Hjalmar. That means helmeted warrior, aye? So… where's your helmet?" It took every ounce of willpower and a quick prayer to the gods to stop Hjalmar's eyes from rolling right out of his head. That, and the fact that he was already utterly exhausted. Sweat dripped into his eyes and down his face with seemingly every movement. His back and legs ached from yesterday's long day of hard labor which today's labor had only made worse.

"You're hilarious. Really. Odin himself must have snatched every last wit in your head, but paid you back with jests," Hjalmar replied, grunting as he dumped a load of dirt into an ever-growing pile. "You, and every other dunderhead that made that same joke."

The retort got a round of laughs from the others nearby. They hardly had lungs full of air to laugh with, but despite the labor, they huffed and puffed with amusement. Spirits were high, as after near four months, they were nearly done with the construction. Their destination was in sight, and Hjalmar found himself glancing back at the progress that they had already made.

It was a road. Not just any road, but a great road. The King's Road. Wide enough to fit four wagons across, raised sides at the edges except for marked drainages that flowed into a ditch that was dug out. That excess dirt was usually shoveled ahead where the ground was uneven and needed to be leveled, joined by the dirt that was dug up for the roads themselves. He'd never imagined how much work went into a proper road.

But it was a lot of work. First, the path needed to be marked. The route was laid out using twine and stakes so they knew where they were going. Then, the road needed to be dug out for the layers that ran underneath the top. The bottom layer was packed dirt, and above it was layered stones. Above that was loose gravel underneath a layer of sand. Then came the heavy stones that were settled in place at the top.

As it was, a mile of road took about two to three weeks to build. Meaning that within the three months his labor crew had worked, they had built about four miles of the road that would stretch across Sjaelland. At the rate they were going, it would be decades before the project was completed.

But that was on the assumption that his crew was the only one building the great road.

In truth they were but one of many working the same job across all of Denmark. Not just Sjaelland, but all of Denmark. Each group was responsible for a portion of the road where their end point would meet the beginning point of another crew. With every individual part of the construction being further broken up -- there were the dig crews, which he was part of. Then there were the stone layers, and so on until you reached the final layer and the road could be called complete. It made the hard work fast with each group responsible for a part of the job, letting them work at their own pace without needing to worry about hold ups.

Within the first year, the framework of the roads would be completed. In the years that followed, branching roads would be added. In a few decades, Hjalmar didn't expect to see a single dirt road. King Siegfried seemed to find them deeply and personally offensive.

Hjalmar didn't really get it if he was being entirely honest, but the pay was good. Good enough that most didn't bother with a seasonal raid as the wages paid by King Siegfried were about as much as one could expect from a good raid.

"Quit your tongue wagging," their overseer barked out, "We're in the final stretch and if I have to redo a foot of this road because you lot were slacking…" he let the threat go unfinished, but it had the intended effect. The workers continued to labor -- dirt was broken, shoveled and hauled away to and from the front of the road. There, it would be shifted for loose stones, sand, and clay which would make their way to the other crews.

Though, the silence didn't last too long. "That one is working us like a lot of thralls," the jester remarked out of the corner of his mouth. His name was Trym. He was a decade older than Hjalmar, putting him in his late twenties compared to Hjalmar's late teens. Though he looked older, with white already streaking in his beard. He was a solidly built man, however, and because of it he was the one they usually left to break up the larger stones they discovered digging the road out.

"I hear the king is getting rid of slavery," another man working down the line remarked. "Which is why he's got us working like thralls."

"Is he? I thought he was putting some limitations on it?" Another asked.

"That's the right of it," Hjalmar spoke up, stomping on the shovel and shifting the earth. "They aren't big changes, mind you. The biggest change is that thralldom can't be an inherited status, so children are born free." Slavery also seemed to be something that the king had a personal distaste for. There were talks of other reforms -- that thralls could only be enslaved for a number of years before being granted their freedom, or that thralls were to receive a 'half-wage' for the work they did, allowing them to purchase their freedom.

Hjalmar hadn't heard anything beyond that, though, and as far as he could tell, the latter reforms hadn't been implemented. Yet.

"Seems strange," Trym muttered. "Why's he doing that?" He asked, looking at Hjalmar like he knew the king's reasons.

"How am I to know?" Hjalmar replied, giving an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders.

"Because Odin gave you more than your fair share of wits," Trym replied, making him blink at the compliment that was delivered like an insult. And, for all he knew, it was.

Still, he wasn't wrong. He did have a couple of guesses. "My guess is that slaves don't pay taxes," he reasoned, and that got noises of acknowledgement down the line. "And there's not a king on Midgard that doesn't love their taxes."

Thralls didn't generate any wealth of their own, only for their owners. That wealth could only be taxed so much before the owners became mutinous and started to look around for a new king. That, and Hjalmar reasoned that the king would get more in taxes from a hundred freemen than he would from a single thrall owner with a hundred thralls.

That wasn't to say that thralldom didn't have its own way of making profit. There were some things that could only be done by thralls -- such as mining. There were few mines in Denmark, but from what he'd heard about them… no sane man would delve into pitch black darkness to extract wealth from the realm of the dwarves. No sane… or free man, at least. Life for miners was often as short as it was hard, and no one would ever call mining easy labor. The king could triple his current wage, and Hjalmar would refuse to work in those small and cramped tunnels.

"Money. It all comes down to money," Trym remarked, sounding entirely too amused for his own good. "Speaking of which, what are you lot going to be doing with yours once we get our pay?"

"Why bother asking?"

"Drinking?"

"And whoring."

"And gambling!"

The answers came quickly down the line and Hjalmar snorted as they worked. The king paid them well from the monstrous hoard that he had claimed in his adventures in the 'Mediterranean Sea.' And with that wealth, he was remaking the kingdom. He built roads and cities like a child might build a sand castle, moved people about like they were toys he could move from one spot to another, and changed things down to the bedrock of the kingdom. All because he had the power to do so.

"You, helmetless warrior?" Trym asked, shooting him a grin.

"All three, of course," Hjalmar replied, and the words were only half a lie. The remarks earned a cheer of agreement and they all looked forward to blowing through their months wage in a single night. The overseer cracked down on them once more, but their good cheer lasted until the very end of their shift. And towards the end, Hjalmar saw it. Both the road that they were meant to join with… and what the road led to.

Miklagard. Once it had been a city of legend that few believed had existed until King Siegfried had proven its existence, and in doing so, gave the mythical city a new name -- Constantinople. The new capital of Denmark had remained nameless for a time, but not for long. Not when the roads were laid, the foundations for buildings were settled and built upon. Before the very first month had passed, the capital of Denmark had received its name, long before it had finished. Miklagard, the Great City.

"We finished early," Trym noted, looking off in the same direction as he did. "We could make the journey."

"... Aye, we could," Hjalmar agreed. The idea sounded far more appealing than going back to the work camp. Miklagard was quite the name, and Hjalmar was curious if it lived up to it. With that decision made, they all shuffled into the overseer's tent, and it was there that they received their month's wage. They stood in line, and over the course of an hour, each man received their pay.

Hjalmar ran his finger over a coin made of bronze. Amongst the very first things that King Siegfried had done once he conquered Denmark was to issue coins in his image. On one side was his portrait, though he noted it did a poor job of reflecting the king himself. On the back of the coin was a two-headed raven with its wings fanned out wide. The edges of the coin itself were of interest as they were ridged, making it rather difficult to shave off a little of the coin, as did the words written in runes around the sides, though he couldn't read them.

There were five types of coins, though Hjalmar had only seen two of them. The lowest was made of copper, then bronze, then silver, then a larger silver coin, then a gold coin. Each one minted with different icons on the back of the coins to prevent others from mixing and matching. Coppers and bronze coins were what they received as pay -- a few coppers could get you a night at an inn, food, and drink.

Larger denominations, naturally, were reserved for the nobility and the rich. He wasn't sure how true the rumors were, but it was said that one of King Siegfried's gold coins was worth a thousand copper ones.

For a month's worth of work, he had been paid a grand sum of twenty-five bronze coins, paid out in the form of twenty bronze coins and fifty copper. A tidy sum. It was no gold or silver, but it was enough for a man to live off of and enjoy himself without needing to pinch every copper until the king's visage screamed. It was a wage that he'd call fair -- not so much so that he'd call it generous, but also not enough that he'd call it cheap.

It was with that pay that he and his crew broke down their tents and set out on the road that led to Miklagard, and they were but one of many as the other crews trailed behind or before them. It was hardly a short journey, measured in miles, but they arrived at the outskirts of the city before dusk. They walked by a number of farms, and Hjalmar noted that each one was extensively cultivated.

It was a clever trick, he could acknowledge. When the king first announced his reforms… well, farmers were a stubborn lot to begin with, and no one disliked change more than farmers and graybeards. When lines in established farms were redrawn, or villages were relocated, or they were instructed to change what they planted and when? Just before anyone could really dig their heels in, those same farmers suddenly found a plow or farm animals gifted to their village.

It was the same damned trick that his mother used to pull on him, and just like with him it worked like a charm every single time.

But, as they neared Miklagard, it began to dawn on the lot of them how strange the city was. It was utterly unlike anything that any of them had ever seen before. The roads narrowed by half, but the buildings themselves made Hjalmar feel like he had just stepped into another realm. They were tall, about half the length of a tree or thereabouts, with three distinct floors. Their rooftops were sharp slopes to deal with the snow that would be coming in but a few months while the faces of the building were painted in vibrant colors -- reds, oranges, blues, and greens.

They were hardly the only ones gaping at the city as they walked its roads. It was hardly complete at the moment, Hjalmar saw. It was being carefully developed around important roads and locations -- like the market, the longhouse, and the docks, with the rest marked for future construction. The city wasn't even a third of the way done by the looks of things, but it already felt like it had more than earned its name of Miklagard.

"Oi, that's a bath house," Hjalmar heard someone point out. He looked over at a building, finding that it was a bit different from the others -- it had a sign over it, but he couldn't read the runes. But, more importantly, he saw a picture of a wooden tub filled with water painted on it. Keenly aware of his own stink, he was quick to agree to take a bath before they found a tavern. There, they found a portly man standing in a stone lobby.

He greeted a lot of them with a practiced smile. "Welcome to my bathhouse -- construction, I presume?" He remarked, his gaze bouncing between the dozen of them as if he were trying to judge how heavy their coin purses were with only a glance. "We offer a wide variety of grooming options! Baths, of course, are for public use, but there are additional options you may… indulge in. Private baths, haircuts, wine and food, or being bathed by one of our beautiful bath companions."

The owner was a merchant by nature, Hjalmar acknowledged. It had been months since most of them had seen a woman, and their purses were full of coin while they were eager to relax. However, Hjalmar refrained while others indulged. The prices were relatively cheap -- a few copper for some food, a few more for some wine, a couple more for a trim for their beards and hair. The most expensive additional expense was a bath companion, which cost five coins while a private bath cost a single bronze. Though, the latter was something of a trick as you could only hire a bath maid on the condition that you paid for a private bath.

It added up quickly as some quickly learned, paying a notable portion of a month's pay easily. Hjalmar chose for a simple bath with no amenities, and he was surprised by what he was greeted with when he entered the bath house properly.

There was a large pool of water that steam gently rose up from located in the center of the room. The water seemed to run deeply as most of the men already in it were submerged up to their chests. Off to the side, Hjalmar saw a cleaning area where they'd wipe the dust, dirt, and sweat off before entering the bath. After quickly rinsing himself down, he groaned with relief once he sank into the warm water.

He nearly nodded off then and there, finding the tension fleeing from his body. Instead he forced his eyes to remain open, keenly aware of where his possessions were to make sure no one attempted to steal from him. Meanwhile he also drank in the sight of the bath house itself-- it was all made of white rock, marble, by the looks of things, giving an… ethereal feeling to the place.

"It doesn't feel real," he muttered to himself, his gaze following one of his work companions as he headed to the private baths with a downright giddy expression on his face.

"You know what?" Trym began, pouring himself a heavy glass from a pitcher of wine that he purchased. "I thought the king was full of shit," he admitted freely and without hesitation. "Change this, change that -- I figured he was just choking the life out of Denmark so no one could challenge him. But this ain't too bad. I could see more of this."

There were a handful of already drunken cheers that came from other patrons, cheering for their new king who had already upturned everything. Trym proved generous and shared his purchased wine around with his fellows, but Hjalmar sipped it sparingly. Instead, he watched. And he listened.

There were a dozen different little conversations that were taking place in the bathhouse -- men talking about their trade, grumbling about the prices for nails or iron. Others worried about where they would find work now that the road work was complete for the year. Most of it was petty gossip, but that didn't mean it wasn't worthwhile. People liked to talk, after all, and in times such as these… Hjalmar couldn't discount anything.

And that was how he found himself pulled into a game of dice in the middle of the bath along with a few others.

"There won't be any raiding come spring," one man informed, slamming a cup filled with dice on a stone table in the middle of the bath before unveiling the poor roll. The tables were meant for such activities, and to hold the purchased drink and food. "The king is going to expand the domain -- already pulled Saxony into things, and word is that Norway is going to bend the knee to him soon."

"Two more crowns right after he put on his first one, and he's looking for more?" Trym questioned, scooping up the dice and shaking them in a well worn cup. "He's got the hunger of Fenrir in him." He tsked at his own poor roll before he passed the cup to Hjalmar.

"Has anyone been saying where he's planning to attack?" Hjalmar questioned, shaking the cup and hearing the dice clatter within.

"It'd be easier to tell you where he's not," The older man replied. "It's not a secret that he plans to conquer Scandinavia. He declared as such himself."

He slammed the cup down on the marble table, lifting the cup up to reveal a decent roll. He swallowed a smirk as the others puffed up, but dutifully paid him his few coppers. "Aye, that's no secret, but there's got to be a starting point, right?"

The older man shrugged, "I'm not sure about that. But, what I have heard is that his personal army is here to stay." Fifteen thousand warriors. The very idea seemed utterly absurd. He had fought in Saxony, and again in Denmark on behalf of King Godfrey -- the armies numbered in the thousands there, and he couldn't imagine a battle bigger than the ones he already fought in. Then King Horrik mustered an army thirty thousand strong, only for it to be swept aside with ease by King Seigfried's ten.

Fifteen thousand men was an unbeatable fighting force. The other Jarls, even if they rebelled from the positions that King Siegfried had granted them, could muster up around a few hundred. Maybe a thousand at the extreme end. With a standing army of fifteen thousand warriors? They didn't stand a chance. No rebellion did.

"He's doing more than that," Trym spoke up as the round began again. "I heard he's expanding the army. Recruiting from towns and villages."

"Aye, but that's not for his personal army," the man clarified. "That, I reckon, is for the conquest."

"You'd think fifteen thousand warriors would be more than enough," Trym noted. "I can't imagine anyone facing that on the field and winning."

"It might not be for the field," Hjalmar spoke up, once more finding that he had the cup. Dice wasn't an easy game to cheat at, but it was doable. It all came down to the wrist motions. This time, when he slapped the cup down and unveiled his roll, he rolled low, so he dutifully passed over a copper coin to the old man. "King Siegfried is a Dane. One of us. Reputation or not, I imagine we'd have a lot harder time swallowing his rule if he was a Saxon."

"A garrison then? To keep the conquered quiet?" The old man considered it before he nodded, collecting his winnings. "That could explain it," he agreed.

"I think some of it is still going to his personal army, though," Trym insisted and Hjalmar nodded.

"I reckon the same," he agreed. "His warriors are all rich. Not as rich as he is, but pretty damn rich. It'd make sense that some would want to retire with their earnings. Or even most of them." That had caused something of a stir, and not a good one.

Upon King Siegfried's return to Denmark and his assuming the crown, his warriors began purchasing a great deal of property for themselves and their kin. The offers that they made were simply too generous to refuse. That would have been fine, for the most part, even if it did mean that entire families were untethered with more coin than they could spend. But it was coupled with another issue.

Siegfried's warriors could afford not only large stretches of land, but generous bride prices. Fathers were foisting their daughters at the wealthy veterans in the hopes of securing their family's future, while daughters of wealthy landholders or even nobility were trying to tether them to their lands and family. It happened in what felt like a blink of the eye, but seemingly every woman of marrying age got snatched up. An exaggeration, of course, but not by much.

Which all compounded with yet another issue that King Siegfried had brought with him.

When he returned from his great adventure, he brought what amounted to a framework of a city with him -- merchants, tradesmen, scholars, bureaucrats. Foreigners, almost one and all. With his return, it felt like he had already chosen the winners of this great upheaval. It allowed him to hit the ground running and build all that he had in so little time, but his return wasn't a good thing for everyone.

"Makes sense," Trym voiced with a nod. "I imagine most are going to be clamoring to join. If only to find a woman," he added with a snort.

He was making a jest of it, but he was more right than he realized. The army was another prospect that Hjalmar considered. King Siegfried's success was well known by this point, as was the wealth one could earn by following him into battle. The metal armor that you could forge for yourself by taking iron from the defeated… for many, there was now no greater dream than earning such a set of armor. But honor would only be a part of it, as for many young men they would be forced to look abroad for a wife. Abroad, or at a slave market.

Actually… "Maybe that's his intention," Hjalmar remarked with a small frown. King Siegfried had more than proven his ability to plan for the future. Perhaps the problems that Denmark faced were well accounted for and were going to be exploited.

A mass drive for the military to fuel his conquest of Scandinavia. It'd be a way to harness the momentum that he created. That drive that now fueled every young man who wanted to find their fortune and leave their mark -- King Siegfried had proven what was out there. He'd conquered Denmark and forged a kingdom that he left behind in the Mediterranean. As well as allowed his recruits to claim lands for themselves.

It was a drive that ignited in his own chest as he looked down at the dice that were once more in his hands. Gambling well was a dangerous thing. You couldn't take too much from your fellows, else you would earn their ire. When you won big, you had to give them a chance to earn some of their coin back. Likewise, you also had to lose to avoid accusations of cheating. And sometimes you had to walk away from the table poorer than you arrived to avoid suspicion.

There was a wealth of opportunity in Denmark at the moment, but it took coin to seize those opportunities. That was why, for months, he had saved every coin that he could. He gambled, taking the wages of his fellows copper by copper, until his savings had swelled to a hundred and fifteen bronze coins. A tidy sum that would carry him through the winter and beyond.

"No matter what," Hjalmar continued as he brought the cup down and raised it to reveal a winning hand. Come spring, the kingdom would once more be set in motion, and the future would be written in blood at the tip of King Siegfried's sword. "The future sure does look interesting."

And, one way or the other, he would seize every opportunity set before him.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 707 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Sparks of Creation New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,489
There was no song more beautiful than that of a forge at work. Of hot metal being pounded into shape with the swing of a hammer. It was that melody that guided him as he made the iron sing, sparks flying with every impact as the 'ting' echoed out across the workshop. A low hum rumbled in his chest and at the back of his throat, letting him time his strikes to perfection and he was rewarded every time with the song increasing in pitch.

Before his very eyes, the lump of orange hot metal was given a shape using the mold that he made the iron take with every swing of his hammer. The metal was first heated up, and given a long thin shape. The metal would then be lengthened and made thinner, and once it was the proper shape… then it would become what the King had ordered it to be.

Nails.

The tip of the thin rods would be heated up, portion by portion in a forge that ran day and night. He would hammer out the tip of the nail, then cut where the head would be on a wedge. He made a tool from an iron block that had a square slot in it, and the nail would be slid in where he would then flatten out the head of the nail. A dip in the water bucket would cool it, and with a flick of his wrist, he could send the finished nail into another bucket that steadily filled with nails as he worked.

The tune helped him keep pace. His best time was fifteen seconds per nail, with ten swings of his hammer to make one. It was a powerful rhythm, and he didn't mind the repetitiveness of the work. He couldn't, when he was shaping iron with his own hands, knowing that every nail that he made would serve a purpose.

"Sindri!" He heard his father call out to him, but his focus was consumed with the task. There was only the iron, his hammer, and the melody he created. "Sindri! Dammit, boy!" His father gruffed at him, but he let him finish the last nail before plucking the hammer from his hands. It was only then that he looked up at his father, seeing the wild dark beard and deep blue eyes. His face was covered in soot, as were their clothing. "Did you hear a damned word I said?"

Sindri shook his head, his gaze going to the hammer and feeling an itch in his palm to hold it again. "Was it important?"

His father looked down at him for a moment, and Sindri got the feeling that it was. "Aye," his father remarked, sounding exasperated. "I'd say so."

"... Oh. I'll listen this time," Sindri promised and that earned a sigh from his father as he set the hammer on the anvil. Sindri was quick to grab hold of it, feeling whole once more as he did. The wood handle had grooves that matched his hand, though that was also a sign that the shift was about to break. His father looked down at him for a moment longer and there was an expression on his face that made nervousness crawl up the back of his throat. "Father?"

"I'm sending you to Miklagard," his father told him bluntly and Sindri gripped his hammer with white knuckles. That sounded familiar. He didn't like the thought of leaving home, so he forgot about it. "Don't give me that look, boy. You're no beaten dog. It might work on your mother, but this is for your own good."

Words were hard. He couldn't shape them like iron, like so many others did. Everything he wanted to say got jumbled up on his tongue, so he said nothing at all for a moment. "But… the forge? You need my help."

"I already have another apprentice," his father reminded him, and Sindri scowled. He was aware. The other boy kept touching his things and moving them where they weren't meant to go. "He'll pick up the slack. Better for him. You were already doing half of his work anyway."

Because he was bad at it, and the iron deserved better. "Are you mad at me?" Sindri questioned, forcing the words past his lips, uncertain if he wanted an answer.

To that, his father sighed again. He always sighed a pot with him. "It's for your own good, Sindri. I'm a village blacksmith," he began, as if that were something to be ashamed of. "You're twelve years old and you've already learned everything I could hope to teach you. Half the damned time, it feels like you're teaching me."

Sindri wasn't sure what to say, so he said nothing. His father reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder, "Things are changing, son. The King brought with him a bunch of foreign metal workers. From the sounds of it… it won't be long before I'm lucky to keep my trade. But they're accepting apprentices, and you can be one of them."

The thought got his heart racing. He liked the King. After the big battle, he took the weapons of the defeated and gave them to the blacksmiths to smelt down into tools and nails. Because of that, Sindri could work all day and night in the forge if he wanted to. And he wanted to. So much so that he got yelled at a lot for disturbing people's sleep. He'd also heard that the King had brought foreign metalworkers and smiths, though mostly because of how much people were complaining about them.

"You have the spark of Thor, boy. You have clever hands, and you can do more than make nails for the rest of your life," he father continued. "So, I want you to go. Go to Miklagard, and learn from these foreign smiths. They have more to teach you than I do."

The idea of learning more about smithing had its own allure. How did foreigners shape their metal? What made it better than theirs? More than that, while he loved simply making nails, he couldn't deny that the idea of creating a sword, or armor, or all sorts of other things… it excited him. But to do those things, he would need to leave home. His family.

"I don't want to go," he whispered and his father gave him a measuring squeeze on his shoulders.

"I know. But you're going anyway. Your destiny lies beyond this sleepy little village, and the Norns don't care what you want or if you're ready."

The Norns sounded rather inconsiderate, Sindri decided.

…​

It was days later that Sindri found himself standing before a wagon that was filled with others around his age. The wagon itself was being pulled by a powerful-looking horse and guarded by even more powerful-looking men. Curious eyes stared at him from the back of the wagon, but he paid them little mind as his gaze drank in the armor that the man wore.

A solid, shaped metal plate that went over his chest. Layers of smaller plates went over his stomach to avoid any loss in mobility, but it was also easier to shape. With one big piece, a bad enough mistake could ruin the entire armor. Smaller pieces gave more room for error for uncertain hands. More pieces of plate flowed over the shoulders, over the biceps, covering the forearms and the hands. The elbows and shoulders were left exposed, except for a layer of chainmail that were pressed together with small rivets.

"I take it he's an aspiring smith then?" The warrior remarked to his father, noticing how Sindri was bouncing on the balls of his heels, his gaze darting around to inspect every piece.

"Aye, he is," his father confirmed. "He's been helping me in the forge since he could walk. He's skilled -- and not just for his age." His father assured the man, placing a hand on Sindri's back as he tore apart the armor with his eyes. The wolf pelt draped over the shoulders kept the armor from chafing around the neck as much as it was for warmth. The long skirt of chainmail that reached down to the knees seemed unnecessary considering the plates that covered the thighs and shins, but he also didn't know much about battle, so maybe they were really important.

"He seems to be the type," the warrior agreed. "Do you have any questions before we depart?"

Sindri shook his head -- he knew all that he needed to know. His father, however, had a single question. "He'll… be safe in the new capital, won't he?"

The warrior nodded, and Sindri got the impression he had been asked that question a lot. "They all will be. Housing will be provided, as shall food and drink. Should all go well, the apprenticeship will last five years. If they impress… the King always searches for talent to be brought to his service." His father nodded, accepting the answer, before he gently shoved Sindri forward.

"Bye," he said, offering a small wave to his father as he climbed up into the wagon. There were a bunch of other children within, about a dozen of them. He saw their hands -- most were soft and uncallused. They were here to learn a trade rather than to expand on one they had already taken. One with dirty blonde hair and bright green eyes scooted over a bit, and Sindri sat next to him.

"Bye, child of mine," his father snorted with some amusement, sharing a quick laugh with the warrior. He had done something amusing, but Sindri wasn't sure what. But, after another quick laugh and wave, the wagon began to move as the warrior sat at the head of it. His gaze darted around as they traveled down a dirt path, and his expression twisted into one of awe when they reached the Kingsroad.

He'd heard about it, but he hadn't seen it yet. It was wide, dark gray stone layered in neat rows across the top with the barest of slopes that peaked in the middle. The ride immediately smoothed out significantly and it suddenly felt like he wouldn't bite off his tongue by talking. It was then that he turned to the blonde haired boy next to him.

"I'm a blacksmith," he stated, making the boy blink back at him owlishly. "You're one too, right?"

"...I am?" He replied, his voice hesitant until Sindri pointed to his hands and showed his own. The calluses on their hands were similar, but it was the one on the inside of their thumbs and pointer fingers that gave it away. Those came with holding a hammer and swinging it repeatedly as opposed to something like holding a hoe or scythe. "Oh."

"What do you think we'll learn?" Sindri found himself asking, excitement rising in his chest and he struggled to swallow it down. "Do you think they use different forges than us? Heat treatments? What do foreigner hammers look like?"

"I don't know?" The boy replied hesitantly, glancing at the others who rose in mostly silence outside of a few other quiet conversations here and there.

"My father said that they're steel is better than ours," Sindri continued. "He knows a lot about blacksmithing, so he's probably right. I can't wait! I was really scared to go, but now I want to be there already! What do you think the capital is like?"

"I… I don't know?" the boy… ah.

"My name is Sindri," Sindri introduced himself, realizing that he was being rude.

"Eivor?" The boy replied, and Sindri tilted his head.

"That's a girls name," he observed, and there was a spark of defiance in his- her green eyes.

"That's because I'm a girl," she told him, and he nodded -- that made sense. A girl would have a girl's name.

There was a small pause before he spoke again, "Do you think we'll see the King? I heard he's a blacksmith too." He asked, and for some reason, the tension bled out of Eivor.

"Maybe?" Eivor shrugged, a small pleased smile finding its way onto her face. Sindri didn't know why, nor did he want to guess -- she was a girl, so she was supposed to be confusing. Father had said a lot about the topic when he talked about Mother.

Still, talking helped the time go by as they continued the long journey towards Alabu. The wagon steadily filled up, as those from villages and towns off loaded their children into the wagons. Many were orphans, Sindri learned. Like Eivor -- her father had taken her as an apprentice when her brothers died, but when he died, no other blacksmith would continue her education. So, she got on the wagon and joined the rest of them.

It had been a starting revelation to learn that he was one of the few that were sent because their parents and mentors thought they had something to learn from the foreigners. For most it wasn't an opportunity to learn more about a trade, it was a simple opportunity to gain one. Or an opportunity for food over winter. It made for very uneasy conversations as only Eivor seemed to understand him when he talked about blacksmithing. The feeling that he felt when he made the metal sing…

Eventually, their wagon met others on the road and Sindri realized that King Siegfried intended to teach far more than a few dozen orphans. By the time that they reached Alabu, Sindri saw that there were dozens of wagons, each containing dozens of children -- some even younger than him. It made him nervous. With so many students, would they be able to answer all of his questions if they spread themselves so thin?

Not all of them were going to become blacksmiths, and that thought mollified him. Some would become carpenters, stonemasons, architects, money lenders, and something called 'glass shapers'.

In Alabu, they were sorted by the trade they intended to pursue, with some needing to be tested to see where their talents laid since they didn't know. From there, they were sent over to the island of Sjaelland, at a port on the south west of the island where they went up the Kingsroad to Miklagard. It looked unlike anything that Sindri had ever seen before. The buildings seemed impossibly tall, all made out of shaped stone with a bottom floor seemingly reserved for animals and their feed. There were places where plants began to grow along the road, but they wouldn't flourish until spring came.

There were also people. More people than Sindri had ever seen before. More people than he thought there were in the entirety of the world.

There were rows of wagons that were being brought into the city, the crowds of people parting for them as they were brought to the outskirts of Miklagard. And it was there that Sindri spied their destination. It was a street that was located near the coast, and through the excited chattering of everyone he could hear the sounds of metal working. Some of the wagons split off, heading down different roads and it was then that the warrior driving the wagon spoke.

"Welcome to the Street of Steel," he informed them. There were places that it planned to expand to, Sindri saw. There were plots that were untaken, left as flattened dirt waiting to be built upon. "This whole area is the craftsman district, so you'll find workshops aplenty for metal working."

That sounded like a dream, but something had stolen his attention. "What's that?" Sindri questioned, pointing over to something that was attached to the back of a workshop.

"That's a water wheel. It's a creation of our king," the warrior proclaimed with obvious pride. "It turns with the flow of water, and with it… ah, it would be better for you to see for yourself." That made Sindri shake with impatience, and he was the first off the wagon when it came to a stop before a building. It was a large workshop, easily twice the size of those around it. He felt it in his bones -- this was where he was meant to be.

And, as if to prove it, a strange looking man emerged from the workshop. His skin was a dark color, almost as if his skin had been permanently stained with soot. It made Sindri's heart still in his chest as he realized that his mother's reminders for him to bathe weren't just lies to scare him. The others followed behind him with Eivor standing close to him, and the man's dark eyes swept over all of them. He offered a smile and it seemed kind.

"Welcome, children," the man began, though his accent was… strange. "My name is Hamza, and I shall be one of your instructors for the next few years. My trade is smithing, but I specialize in swordsmithing."

"What can we learn from you?" Sindri heard someone blurt out from the back. "You can't even talk right!"

Hamza seemed far from offended. In fact, he offered a smile that seemed like he had been waiting for that question to spring a trap. "I am so glad that you asked. Our good King Siegfried is very wise man. He knows that it is the children who are the future, and he seeks to spread wisdom far and wide. As a wise king, do you think he would be so foolish as to allow clumsy hands to help reforge his sword Gram, hm?"

A breath was caught in Sindri's throat. This man had helped forge Gram? The legendary sword once wielded by Sigurd and now King Siegfried?

The disbelief must have shown on their faces because his smile widened. "Indeed! I am but one of the few who had a hand in reforming the blade. In truth, it is one of my proudest moments. It felt as if my hands had been possessed by the spirit of the blade to bring forth its chosen shape. Alas, if you think you have nothing to learn…"

The response was a mixture of shouting, pleading, and outright begging. The response was so visceral the man couldn't hold back his laughter.

"Settle- I am not going anywhere, and I look forward to the day that you have the same experience that I did," Hamza said before he gestured for them to follow him inside of the wide building. "Come -- see for yourselves what shall be your home." Sindri made sure that he was first, sticking so close to the man that he became a second shadow. The doors swung open, revealing a large expansive forge.

No. Not a forge. It looked like a dozen of them that were all sharing the same space. He saw piles of materials, stacks of wood piled so high that they acted as a wall, and several strange looking forges and anvils, complete with an assortment of tools. It was… a lot. "These are the facilities where many of you shall be receiving your basic lessons. During your initial year, you shall be assigned work, which shall all be inspected. However, beginning your second year, you will gain access to private smithies for personal projects."

It was unreal. And that was before Sindri's gaze caught sight of something on the far wall. It was some kind of contraption, and it was what the 'water wheel' was connected to. With every turn on the wheel, a large hammer struck down towards an anvil -- not close enough to touch, but Sindri saw a handle where it could be lowered further. He understood the use for it instantly, and his jaw nearly hit the floor.

The weight of the water counteracted the weight of the hammer, which was easily three times the size of a normal one. The weight allowed the malleable metal to be beaten into shape with greater ease for the initial stages of the project. It was… Sindri wasn't sure if he had a word for it.

For large projects, like a piece of plate armor, he would guess that at least three people would be needed to pound the iron into shape. People simply couldn't wield hammers large enough, or with enough strength, to do the work easily. But with the water hammer, the weight and effort was handled by the water wheel.

He was so enraptured that he nearly missed it when Hamza continued. "By your third year, for those that distinguish yourselves, you should receive an offer of apprenticeship from one of the teachers -- be it armorerers, swordsmiths, or artisans. Those that don't will have two additional years to distinguish themselves, but even should you not, you will still leave this place a capable smith."

Five years. That seemed like so little time, so his hand shot up. Hamza smiled lightly and inclined his head to him, and Sindri asked the question that had been waiting to jump off his tongue. "When can we start?"

Hamza laughed loud and hard. "You are an eager one. This is good! I suppose this is as good of a time as any to see what you know, what you don't, and what you need to learn. Break yourselves up into groups of five, and pick a forge to work at. Your task is to create something simple but functional."

Sindri grabbed Eivor's hand and half dragged her to a nearby forge. The others didn't matter. All that mattered was that he was here to learn. He was here to create.

And what wonders he would, as he knew that this was merely the first step of his journey.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 728 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 6, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Grasping Ambitions New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,520
"Five generations! Five generations! Those lands belonged to my family since the time of my great-great-great-grandfather, and I won't let some jumped up farmer take what is mine by right!" Came a loud voice with thunderous wrath through the door of their makeshift home on the outskirts of Miklagard.

Greta picked at the hem of her dress, idly wondering why her parents sent her outside if they were just going to shout loud enough that she could hear them anyway.

"Rights? You're going to speak to me about rights?" Her mother roared right back with the ferocity of a dragon. "It'd be in my rights to divorce you for this thick headed nonsense- the boy is king! Whatever he was doesn't matter a lick. He has wealth, he has an army, and he has the gods!"

Greta gazed out at the city that was being built around her. Housing on the outskirts was cheaper as the city was still being built -- even in the chill of approaching winter, Greta could see the laborers carrying loads of shaped stone and stacking them to create more housing. The city was unlike anything she had seen in the sleepy village that her father had once ruled over as a Thegn. People moved through the streets like a river and came and went like the tide -- there was the noise of hundreds of people talking and shouting, and the clamoring of hooves from horses and oxen as hundreds more people flocked to the city to bear witness to the Yule celebration.

The gods looked favorably upon King Siegfried's ascension to the throne, as everyone kept saying. The winter was a mild one -- it snowed heavily in bursts, the air had a constant chill that could cut down to the bone, but winter was usually much harsher by now. People would normally be snowed into their homes, or be buried up to their waists. Instead, as she watched the labor happen, the layer of snow gave the city a wonderful appearance.

"What do you want me to do, woman?!" Her father roared back, loud enough that some on the street below could hear them. "We can't go anywhere he won't follow us -- he's going to conquer the whole damned world! He took everything from our family- do you understand?! Everything! I'll not run off like a coward with my tail tucked between my legs like a beaten dog! I will have what is mine!"

"You damned fool! We don't have anything!" Her mother shouted back. "You held onto the village and the King pried it from your fingers! If you listened to me, we wouldn't be in this mess! But, no -- you're damned pride wouldn't accept the price he offered-"

"It wasn't a fair price-" Her father interrupted with a roar and what sounded like a fist hitting a table.

Her mother returned the favor, "Of course it wasn't! He didn't have to give a damn about fairness with an army at his back! But it would have been something, you thick headed fool! Our family wouldn't gave to get by with scraps if you just accepted the offer. Instead, everything falls to our children making whores of themselves-"

"My daughter is no whore-"

"She will be! We can dress it up all we like, but it doesn't change a damned thing!" Her mother's voice was thick with emotion, a sob lodged in her throat. "If we have a hope of survival, then she'll… if she doesn't catch the eye of a husband…!"

Suddenly, Greta found that she had no interest in overhearing the fight anymore. A weight sat in her stomach and while she had been instructed to just wait outside, Greta found herself standing up and walking away. She let herself join the flow of moving bodies, no true destination in mind -- only that she wanted to be far away from the cramped room that she was forced to call home.

Her mind drifted to happier times as she walked, times that weren't that long ago. King Siegfried was called a herald of change, but change could be good for someone and awful for another. The people rejoiced, Greta knew. She had heard and seen the great works that were being built all across the Kingdom- she stood in the evidence of those great changes, walking through wide streets and gazing up at tall buildings covered in a layer of snow. But those changes had been the death of her family.

Her father had been a Thegn for King Godfrey, and then King Horrik afterward. He fought at the Battle of the Crowns on behalf of King Horrik, and was there when the former king was soundly defeated. Her father bent the knee in surrender, expecting that to mean that he would keep the village that her family had ruled over for generations, and was outraged to learn that King Siegfried was wiping away the old nobility with a wave of his hand.

Her father resisted. He rebuffed any offer to leave their ancestral lands. Then a 'small' army of a hundred men came to their village and evicted them from their home.

That's when it became real to her parents, Greta realized only in hindsight. That the King was so powerful that he could simply take what was theirs and suffer no consequence. They had been cast out into the kingdom, like so many others, and they were grasping for ways to survive. They had some wealth, taken from their ancestors' hoard, but it wouldn't last them forever. Not when things had become so… competitive.

Greta walked by the docks, seeing ships aplenty across the vast harbor. She walked through the Craftsman District, hearing the bangs of metal on metal and the barking of orders. She smelled the rich scents of the market square as merchants from all across Denmark and beyond set up stalls and hawked their wares to any who passed by.

It was a magical sight. When she first saw Miklagard, it felt like she had stepped foot into an entirely new realm raised up by the King's word. Yet, even as she drank in the sights, her mother's words echoed in her ears and the weight in her stomach felt like it got heavier by the second.

Parasite. That was what her family used to call those who intended to do exactly what they intended for her to do. It wasn't an uncommon practice. Not really. It was understandable, even. Their land was a harsh one, so it only made sense to grasp at any chance to ensure your survival and the survival of your family. So, it was common. Expected. Normal.

Parents sent their unwed daughters to the sons of Jarls, Thegns, or even wealthy landowners in the hopes that they would take a liking to them. Marriage would be ideal, but even being taken as a concubine was considered a great success. A child being sired upon the daughter was acceptable if the father paid something to support them.

It was natural. Just as it was natural for the nobility and wealthy to look down upon those who so shamelessly whored out their daughters in the hopes of becoming kin to those with wealth. It was something that Greta herself had turned up her nose at, seeing the creatures that tried to crawl into her brothers' beds, even before they were old enough to sire a child. And now… now it was something she was being compelled to do in the name of survival.

Only it was vastly more difficult than Greta would have assumed. Show a bit of ankle, flutter her eyelashes, laugh at bad jests… and she thought that the menfolk would be eating out of her palm like a bunch of lustful beasts. Yet, she learned that wasn't the case -- oh, they were lustful beasts, but they were ones spoiled for choice. Just as her own family had been cast out, so had many others, most of whom had the same plan that her family did -- to marry their daughters to the new land holders, Thegns, and Jarls that were elevated by King Siegfried.

Most already had taken wives and more concubines. More than what would be called wise given that most of the men were warriors who made their wealth in a few short years and spent it freely. The smarter ones were those that acted with more restraint, and thus were vastly more difficult to-

Greta felt a pair of hands grab her waist, starting to lift her in the air until she pivoted. She lashed out with a hand, and she had enough time to see the face of her would be assailant. She continued with the slap anyway, though with a much lighter hand than he deserved.

"Ivar! You know I hate it when you lift me!" She scolded her younger brother, though only by a year. The fifteen year old boy laughed unabashed by his reddening cheek, his green eyes bright with mischief.

"Sorry sister, but you seemed like in such a rut. Wanted to surprise you from it. Mother and Father going at it again?" He asked, an easy smile tugging at his lips. Her expression must have given her away, as he grabbed her hand and started tugging her along -- Ivar only knew his own pace, and if you couldn't keep up with him, then you were left behind. "Come, sister -- it's a time of celebration. It won't kill you to smile a little."

"Do I have something to smile about?" Greta wondered, the question more bitter than she intended.

Her brother's smile dimmed, but didn't retreat. "Well, you could be happy for me, I suppose." He said, still pulling her along and her eyes widened a fraction.

"You got in?" She wondered, shock filling her.

That earned her a playful scowl, "You could at least pretend that you had a little faith in me, you know?"

"You were recruited?" Greta pressed, unable to pretend that she had any faith in him. "You're one of the King's Rangers?" She never doubted his skill with a bow, not for a second. Ivar could be deaf, blind, and drunk and he'd still struggle to not hit a bullseye. Her little brother had one single redeeming feature, and it was his skill with a bow.

It was the King that she doubted. She had been certain that Ivar would be barred from joining the Rangers because of who his family was. That the King wouldn't trust him enough to allow him to serve in his army because he would fear that her brother would betray him for what he'd done to their family.

"Aye," Ivar said, his tone growing somber when he heard the urgency in her voice. "I was recruited by Athrun Strongbow himself." The leader of the King's Rangers. His scouts. They were a recent creation, made just months ago, and while their duties remained uncertain, they were an order of some prestige already as they were created with a singular goal -- to guide the conquest that everyone knew was coming.

Three hundred in number, each of them the best archers that the kingdom had to offer, and woodsmen one and all. They would be the advance force for the invasion that would come after the winter. What role they would play, Greta was uncertain, only that it would be dangerous and that the rewards equaled the risk. Athrun Strongbow himself was a figure that was well known to Greta -- He was one of the handful called the King's Chosen, the leader of his archers, and it was said that he used a bow that three normal men would struggle to.

To prove his words, Ivar lifted a silver chain, and at the center of it was a bronze leaf. "We all start out as bronze, but as we prove ourselves, we'll earn a silver leaf. And, when we retire, we'll earn a gold one. Or when we are killed. Hopefully, neither will happen any time soon. During the meantime… It can be a good life."

"A short one," Greta hissed at him, the shock wearing off, and it was replaced with dread. She hadn't thought that he would get in. She'd thought that door had been barred for him, and all the families that had resisted the King's rule. "Do you even know what you'll be doing?"

"Scouting, mostly," Ivar answered easily. "I'll be finding battlefields, armies, and the like before the invasion. During the invasion itself, I'll be sabotaging supply lines and playing spy. And once the King has had his fill of conquest… less certain about that, but as far as I can tell, I'll be something of a roaming Thegn. Responsible for investigating bandits, poachers, and general mischief."

Dangerous. Very dangerous. Worry clawed at her heart -- it was a good thing, she had to remind herself. Her brother had found a way to make a living. One that brought him close to the King, and while she held a great many opinions about King Siegfried, no one would ever dare accuse him of failing to support his warriors. With her brother's position secured, her dowry, which was in doubt, could become something worthy of consideration when she presented herself to the man her family had chosen as a potential groom.

But…

"You could die," Greta blurted, her hands clutching at her skirts as she found that her feet were rooted to the spot.

"I will die," Ivar corrected with infuriating smugness. "Not even the gods live forever, Greta. I am, however, very difficult to kill -- as you've undoubtedly noticed, given all your attempts on my life." He said with a teasing smile, utterly confident. He deserved to be, Greta knew. Ivar was more at home in the woods than he was at a hearth. When he was a boy, he nearly killed them all with fright because he'd sneak out of the house to sleep up in a tree.

"I'd hardly call a slap upside your thick head an attempt on your life," Greta muttered, forcing herself to breathe deeply. "Nor were they undeserved." Ivar was utterly unapologetic and unashamed, offering a simple shrug. The flow of people moved around them, and Greta realized she had no idea where they were. Surely, their parents would be done fighting by now. They should return and prepare for the festivities. Yet…

"Can you tell me what he's like?" Greta found herself asking as her gaze drifted to the stalls that lined the market. The man that her parents were convinced that she would marry. A man who she had never once met before, knew nothing about beyond rumor, and…

"He's quiet," Ivar answered her. "Thoughtful. He doesn't much care for being the center of attention, by my estimation, and he's glad to fade into the background. When he does speak, he doesn't mince his words -- blunt as a hammer, sharp as a knife. However, he's not entirely without humor. He does possess a keen eye for detail, which is why…" Ivar said, stopping before a stall and grabbing something that was one display. Before the merchant could say a word, Ivar flipped him a coin.

Evidently, it was more than enough, as the merchant didn't even try to barter. Ivar held out his hand and dropped what he bought into her palm- a necklace, Greta saw. A delicate chain, and upon it were beads of amber. It was a surprisingly tasteful choice of jewelry. "I can't-"

"We'll get through this, sister," Ivar reassured her, moving on and not hearing a word of argument. "Mother and Father… I'm not too sure about them, honestly. Too set in their ways. But we will. I promise you that," Ivar continued, and with the faintest of smiles, Greta found herself following along with his unconquerable pace.

…​

King Siegfried had changed the players of power, but he hadn't changed the nature of the game. All it took was a bribe in the right hands to secure an invitation for herself and her family to the celebration reserved for the nobility. She sat next to her brother, finding comfort in his presence as she tried to adopt a regal bearing. Her dress was of the finest make, her jewelry simple but tasteful with the necklace that Ivar bought around her neck. Her dark hair was pulled into an elegant braid while her eyelids were smudged with a red hue.

The city of Miklagard was something that barely felt real -- and the royal palace felt beyond imagination. So much so that Greta, among others, were convinced that the King had commissioned the dwarves themselves to build his hall. The palace was both wide and tall, made out of marble with strange adornments -- it was no longhouse, though it seemed similar in nature. The roof had the same general shape of one, though they were smaller and not contained to one great slope.

Leading up to a large set of double doors were a number of columns with the door underneath a large sweeping arch. Standing in the four corners of the building, however, were four pillars that were capped with a pointed dome, matching the one that seemed to reside in the center of the building. It was an awe inspiring sight, but all the more so because of one glaring fact.

"It's not done?" Greta observed, aware of how there were great swaths of land still being cleared out for this portion of the city. What was being built there, she could only imagine, but as they arrived at the palace, she saw that expansions were being marked for the palace itself. How utterly absurd that the grandest longhouse that she had ever seen still didn't meet the King's standards.

"They won't be done for years," Ivar replied from the corner of his mouth. "At least five, from what I've heard."

"You've heard?" She asked quietly and Ivar confirmed with a noise in the back of his throat.

"Something about phases. The roads and the first of the city are phase one. Not sure what the others are, only that one of the big plots of land is getting something called a colosseum built on it." Ivar answered before their mother silenced him with a sharp look. They fell silent and in step behind their parents, heading towards the open double doors. Their invitations were checked and accepted but Greta barely noticed because her attention was stolen away by what she saw beyond the door.

Greeting them was a carved statue of a tree so lifelike that she nearly mistook it for a real one. It stood tall, its bark made of a stark white stone inlaid with silver that ran from the roots up the trunk, and then to the delicate branches that fanned out as if to offer shade. There were no leaves, but adorning the branches were carved ravens that were so lifelike that she wasn't entirely certain that they were fake until she drew closer. They were carved from a glossy black stone, perched upon the branches and gazing down at those that entered the hall.

"They say the King carved it with his own hands," Ivar whispered to her. He had apparently already seen the sculpture and hadn't seen fit to inform her about it. She had to close her jaw as they moved past it, and down a long hall that had a few branching paths. The wonders hardly stopped as her attention was drawn to what covered the walls -- a tapestry of some sort. Only instead of being woven in fabric…

Some sort of plaster covered the walls starting at the waist up. It was shaped to tell a story, then dyed with pigments like a tapestry would be. There, she saw a visualization of the King's Saga thus far -- of glory won as a boy, of a betrayal by King Horrik, of adventures across the world, and his return and success in claiming the throne of Denmark.

It didn't escape her that there was room left for further additions. Nor did she miss how the Saga ended.

A shiver raced down her spine as she saw a depiction of the King's vengeance. The Blood Eagle had been a brutal thing, but what chilled her blood was what had been done to the former king and his eldest son. There were rumors that after their mutilation… that they still lived. Forced to by the King's will, who prayed to the gods for his enemies to live so that they could live in torment. They said that they dwelled beneath the palace, and if you listened closely… you could hear their pleas for death.

Greta swallowed a lump that formed in her throat, her expression betraying nothing as a second pair of doors opened and they were welcomed in the great hall. Directly before her, Greta's gaze landed on the elevated throne that for the moment sat empty. She noted the precious stones woven into place with silver and gold, just as she noticed that the throne itself was unusually large. If her father would sit upon it, he'd look like a boy.

The hall itself was large and expansive, with the ceiling itself risen high above and Greta realized that they stood beneath the great dome in the center of the palace. The floors were made of stone, as were the walls, and great tapestries hung from them. She hadn't been prepared for the sheer wealth on display. It felt like the grandness of it was being beaten into her with a club, and she felt woefully inadequate. Which, Greta noted as her gaze fell to the crowd within the great hall, was the point. Her reaction was the same as many others, all of whom seemed to try to float over the floor as if they feared to tread upon it.

It gave her an opportunity, one that she didn't waste. Her family had always been unimportant in the grander scheme of things, stewards of a single village near Ribe. However, she had been trained in etiquette in the hopes that she would catch the eye of a Jarl and her family's standing would be increased.

It was the bitterest of ironies, Greta thought to herself, as she integrated with a group of married and unmarried while the menfolk drank, argued, and blustered. Her parents had always intended to make her a whore. It was only the price that had changed in their eyes.

But she played the part well, Greta knew. She laughed at the right times, gasped as if she were shocked when she heard gossip, and scowled in disapproval at all the right things. All the while, she sifted through the others -- noting those who were competition, those that weren't, and those that it would be advantageous to ally herself with. The celebrations would last long into the night, but it was an hour into them before Greta felt his presence.

It was impossible to not notice his entrance, as it had the effect of a stone being tossed into a lake. The ripples of muted awe and silence swept over the room and she looked over to see him.

King Siegfried himself.

He was impossibly tall, standing a full head and shoulders over the second tallest man in the room. His dark red hair was pulled back, but fell loose down his neck while his beard was cut close. All to display the savage but fading scar across his neck. He was dressed in fine clothing of a make and appearance that she had never seen before -- a dark purple folded cloth covered him down to somewhere between his knee and ankles, the cloth richly embroidered. The folds of the coat were kept in place with a bright red sash that wrapped around his waist, and over them was a leather belt that carried his sword- Gram. His boots were dark, while his trousers were the same color as cream.

However, all of that paled in comparison to the cloak that was draped over his shoulders. The Pelt of Fenrir.

She thought it an empty boast. Surely, he had slayed a wolf -- of that, Greta had no doubt. But it wasn't until she saw the monstrous head that adorned his shoulder like a pauldron that she started to believe that it was the beast of legend. The pelt fell down to the ankles of the absurdly tall man, its coat black as night, while the folds of the cloak were held in place with gold pins. All eyes watched the King, who strode to the throne and was unbothered by the stares that followed him.

He sat in the throne and it framed him perfectly. His eyes were a intense blue, sweeping over the crowd before them, and his gaze lingered on no one in particular. Which was both a blessing and cause for concern.

"Welcome to my hall," King Siegfried began, his voice low but it carried. "Forgive my absence in not receiving you." Greta was impressed that he made the request sound like it was anything but. "But we have more reason to celebrate. Allow me to introduce my sons!"

There was warmth in his voice that Greta hadn't expected. The King carried himself with an unyielding intensity, as if he was constantly on the cusp of battle… the obvious pride that shone in his eyes caught her off guard as two swaddled bundles were presented to the King.

"Greet Bjorn Siegfriedson, my second son to Queen Astrid," Siegfried commanded and she saw the babe had pale skin with a tuft of red hair atop his brow. "And Radahn, my first son with Queen Jasmine." Radahn's skin tone was a darker hue, but like his half-brother, he too had the same tuft of red hair.

His succession was secure, Greta thought to herself with some discomfort. Four sons -- Prince Ragnar, Prince Magnus, and now Prince Bjorn and Prince Radahn. Additionally, he had two daughters sired by a witch, Princess Scáthach and Princess Aífe.

The crowd cheered appropriately, welcoming the new princes loudly enough that the babies began to fuss. With surprising tenderness, he gave his children to their caretakers.

"Whats more, I stand before you with another announcement," King Siegfried continued, his voice loud and cutting through the clamor. "King Hoffer, King of Norway, has agreed to bend the knee to me and become my lawful vassal. I stand before you as King of Kings, ruler of both Denmark and Norway." He informed, and Greta's jaw slowly dropped, alongside many others.

She didn't know what was the most shocking part of the news. That the King somehow thought the birth of his sons was more important than the news that he had vassalized all of Norway, or that he had subjugated a kingdom without spilling a drop of blood. An alliance with Norway, Greta had expected, but vassalage? That was…

That was too much. Too much to believe.

"The oaths have been made, and the rites observed. Norway shall commit its warriors to my cause. Come next spring, they shall march with us as part of a greater whole," King Siegfried continued. And she supposed that's how he managed such an incredible feat. King Hoffer saw the writing on the wall and decided to bend the knee on his own terms rather than being forced to bend. "Let us celebrate this union and the birth of my sons. Let us take this moment to reflect upon the progress that we have made. And let us dream of the progress that we have yet to make!"

The crowd cheered louder than before, and Greta stared up at the King.

And she began to plot.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 710 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 13, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Rolling Momentum New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,557
It had been roughly eight months since I had assumed the mantle of King, and thus far, I had met my own expectations. There was, of course, resistance to the new practices and reforms that I implemented. More resistance than I would have liked, but still less than what I had prepared myself for, which made the transition go smoothly.

The first of my notable projects had reached its first milestone -- the Kingsroad. A grand web of roads that flowed through all of Denmark, connecting to every city from the border of Saxony to Sjaelland. Come spring, while my armies marched out for war, those roads would have branches split off from them leading to the smaller villages, interconnecting them to every other village and city in Denmark. It would take a few years for the project to be finished in earnest, and it was no small expense, but it was one that was worth investing in early. Not only did it bind my kingdom tighter together, but it had the exact effect that I wanted it to have -- it proved that what I'd brought to Denmark would strengthen it.

My palace had the same effect. I took no shame in admitting that I had taken inspiration from the Romans with how they had beaten me over the head with grand displays of obscene wealth and showcasing the pinnacle of their people's architecture. A single year wasn't enough to complete my vision for the royal palace, but it was enough time to build the core of it. I sculpted statues, commissioned tapestries, and discovered a new type of plaster art that I used to great effect.

I could see it now, as I looked out at the crowd of nobles -- both those that had bribed their way in and those who I had invited. They had the same awe in their eyes as I had when I bore witness to the Hagia Sophia and the Hippodrome. I could see their minds turn over the idea that something like this could be theirs. No mere longhouse made of wood with a dirt floor that they had to share with animals, but a home made of stone. Something great and beautiful.

It was a spark, but one that I hoped would catch into a flame. One that would spread across Denmark so that I wouldn't be the sole source of momentum in bettering our kingdom.

Kingdoms, I suppose I should say.

"Cute little buggers," I heard Thorkell remark from behind me, leaning over my throne to see my children in my lap. Bjorn and Radahn -- they were both a welcome surprise to the celebration of my first year as King. Jasmine had begun her labor first, earlier in the day, and Astrid joined her not a few hours later. Both were fine and recovering, leaving the two princes to me to introduce to the court.

He wiggled a finger before Radahn's face, and cracked a smile when the boy reached up with clumsy hands to do battle with the offending finger. All of my children shared my blood red hair, but Radahn's eyes were the same brown amber as Jasmine's while Bjorn had inherited his mother's green.

"They're happy and healthy," I replied, looking at Bjorn, who seemed to be glaring unhappily at the guests in our hall. Barely a day old, and he seemed rather annoyed with people in general. "Shall I expect a playmate for them soon, Jarl Thorkell?" I asked, making Thorkell's grin widen.

I had made Thorkell, Olek, and the others that had been the core of my armies into Jarls and Thegns. It was something of a dangerous president that Rome's history had warned me about -- how the Roman legions continued to promise land that they didn't have to their soldiers, which fueled their expansion to the point of overextension. But it had been a necessary risk to take. I needed steady hands ruling my territory, those who knew my ways and who I knew I could trust.

Thorkell had been made the Jarl of Hedeby, while Olek had become the Jarl Ribe. While Ribe was currently the more important settlement, as it was now the third largest settlement in my kingdom, Hedeby would grow in importance as time went on. It was the gateway into Denmark from the south, and the town would grow as Saxony and the other territories were integrated into my empire.

"Seems so," Thorkell admitted. He and Kassandra had been wed some months ago, and Morrigan had heard mutterings that she was pregnant. "That's some real politicking, huh? My kid is going to have a play date with a prince." He sounded more amused than anything.

I chuckled alongside him, relaxing into my throne. It felt good, I had to admit. I was proud of the progress that I had made so far, all the more so because I knew that it was only the beginning. From where I sat, I could see my other children -- Ragnar, Magnus, Scáthach and Aífe, all playing with a handful of other children. And I knew, somewhere, Morrigan was watching over the gathering with a raven. Or several.

Just as she would be keeping an eye on the celebrations in Miklagard, throughout the city the Yule celebration was underway, and it would last for several days. The first night would be reserved for the nobles of my kingdom, but the rest of the celebration would be with the people.

Miklagard had grown exactly as I'd hoped it would. The years dealing with Norland had well prepared me for building a city from scratch. Though there had been a small fishing village here initially, there was hardly a trace of it now. In eight months, the city's population had swelled to twelve thousand people. By this time next year, I expected that number to jump to thirty thousand. I made good use of the abilities granted to me by the gods to design what was a hair's breadth away from my ideal city.

I genuinely couldn't wait to begin construction on my own Colosseum, or the other monuments I had set aside room for. They wouldn't begin for more than five years and wouldn't be completed for five more, but that hardly tempered my excitement. At long last, I was finally implementing the ideas that I had experimented with and nurtured for so long, and so far, I had been validated at every turn.

Which brought my attention to my Legacies.

Upon becoming King of Denmark, I had earned a significant portion of the 'renown' needed to earn a Legacy boon. Enough so that it had pushed me over the mark to earning one, but I held off on making a decision simply because I didn't know how many I would be able to earn over the course of my lifetime. However, upon Hoffer's confirmation that Norway would submit to me?

I had earned enough for a third Legacy, and it was enough to convince me that I would see several of them in my lifetime, provided that all of my goals were accomplished. And now, as I held my youngest sons, I looked to what could help them secure their futures.

Secure your Dynasty by giving your descendants bonuses that shall endure so long as your bloodline does.​

Breeding II: Dynasty members have a 50% more effective immune system, making them more resistant to disease. Additionally, dynasty members will benefit from the Iron Stomach perk, which strengthens their resistance to poison.

Customs: Dynasty members learn foreign languages 50% easier for their second language. Third language decreases bonus to 25%. Fourth language decreases bonus to 10%.

Martial: Children gain martial experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Diplomacy: Children gain diplomatic experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Stewardship: Children gain stewardship experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Intrigue: Children gain intrigue experience 15% faster between the ages of 5-18.

Learning: Children gain experience in all skills 5% faster between the ages of 1-18.

I was uncertain what the 'immune system' mentioned under Breeding was, but I swiftly selected it. The resistance to disease gave an idea of what it was clear enough, but it was the resistance to poison that convinced me to take the second tier of the Bloodline tree. The thought that my children could fall prey to a sickness, or worse, poison like I had nearly perished from… I couldn't not take it.

My sons stirred in my lap, and I wondered if they felt the choice take hold. My next choice in Legacy was less certain, all the more so because I couldn't select the third tier for Bloodline. Meaning I had to select the first tier of another tree. The first time I had selected a Legacy, it had been between two choices, and now that I saw how the second tier was increased, offering the benefits of a perk for my entire bloodline?

My second choice was Learning, which would grant my children all a 5% increase in learning speed, for whatever type of knowledge they set their sights on. It was a small boost, admittedly, but one that would work well with the other trees. All the more so as I expected that bonus to only grow the further down the Learning tree I went. Which promised to be quite far when I did some quick math for my Grand Quest -- a thousand Renown was offered for its completion, which would be enough to take me all the way down a single Legacy tree.

I was satisfied with my choices, enough so that I nearly missed Thorkell continue. "When did King Hoffer bend the knee? Or is it Jarl Hoffer?" He asked, and the question did take the edge off my good mood.

"He's still King Hoffer," I answered. The displays that I put on had their intended effect on both King Widukind and King Hoffer -- they were awed by what I'd accomplished, wary of the might of my army, and impressed with how I was building up my kingdom in a way that they could only dream of. After correcting my mistake in not informing her of my plans, Astrid had used her influence over her father to great effect. He held out for around six months after I had been crowned King of Denmark, and in the few months since, we had been discussing the terms of what he would accept bending the knee to me for.

A big sticking point was that he had to remain a king. Which was both a problem and something of a solution to another problem for me. King Widukind was carrying out his part in paving the way for the time when I would rule Saxony, but I couldn't deny that it still grated on me to strip him of his title after everything that he had done for the country. Hoffer's insistence that he remain a king enabled me to keep Widukind a king as well.

The issue was what it meant for my own title. I couldn't simply be 'King' Siegfried, surrounded by fellow kings. That would imply that they were my peers, not my subjects. I was initially leaning towards the title of Emperor, but that was one that had very little relevance to my people. It was a title that could trace its roots to Rome and Augustus -- in Rome itself, or in Francia? It was a title with weight. Not so much in lands that had never been under Rome's rule.

'King of Kings' was something of a placeholder at the moment, but I had time to settle on what my official title would be once I finished my conquest of Scandinavia. I intended to have a second coronation with the rulers I installed across the lands in a display of legitimacy.

"You don't seem happy about it," Throkell noted, withdrawing his finger from Radahn's grasp, and earning his ire based on how his expression pinched.

"I think Astrid was helping her father as much as she was helping me in the negotiations," I admitted with a small sigh. I didn't blame her for it. I'd even expected it. But, my grip wasn't as tight on Norway as it was on Denmark, and I didn't want the privileges that Hoffer still enjoyed to become a model to work off of. I didn't have the same sweeping sway over Norway, nor could I wipe away the existing political structure to implement my own people to rule over the territories I redrew.

Norway would be weaker for it, but I suspected that I could lean on the kingdom to do what I desired through economics. The other territories that I developed were experiencing an explosion of wealth and development. That wouldn't be missed by the Jarl's of Norway, nor Hoffer himself.

Thorkell barked a laugh, clapping me on the shoulder. "There are worse problems to have," he noted, and I nodded in agreement.

There certainly were. There had been a part of me that worried I would have to force Norway's submission, and I vastly preferred the current circumstances compared to that. Because, in the end, the gods had granted me a Grand Quest to see all of Scandinavia united. I would sooner disappoint my wife than the gods.

Bjorn's face began to twist, sensing his brother's growing ire that he could only express through crying. Preempting it, I gave Thorkell a nod before I stood from my throne with my boys cradled in my arms. From where I stood, I saw Jill filling in for Astrid and Jasmine both, speaking and entertaining the noble ladies of my court. I saw the Jarls and Thegns start to make their move towards me, hoping to strike up a conversation, but they knew better than to do so with two squirming children in my hands. And if they didn't, Thorkell was there to run interference.

Leaving the throne room, I walked through the halls of my palace towards the nursery. I could have left it for a nurse, or a servant, but… they were my children. A small smile tugged at my lips as I set them in the same cradle, and once the noise was gone, they began to settle for sleep. Perhaps it was selfish of me to present them to the court so early, but I was simply proud of them both. I wanted the whole kingdom, if not the world itself, to gaze upon them and know that they were my children.

However, I wasn't so distracted that I missed someone approaching from behind. A quick glance warned me of who they were, despite her best efforts. "Morrigan," I greeted her, looking over my shoulder to meet her golden gaze. "Find anything interesting?"

"Beyond petty plots to climb into your bed or woo you with promises of men and wealth that you don't need? Not particularly, no," Morrigan replied, leaning against the doorway of the nursery. "A few of the plotters have potential, though. I shall give them an opportunity and see what they do with it. Plotting and planning are most useless unless they have the will to carry out their plans after all. T'would be most disappointing if they couldn't accomplish at least that much."

I hummed in the back of my throat, watching my boys fall fast asleep.

There were several frameworks for the empire that I planned to build which needed to be built first -- among them was a spy network. Morrigan couldn't keep an eye on the entirety of the empire alone, even with her ravens. Keeping an eye on just Denmark was already straining her abilities to the point of breaking. To that end, Morrigan had devised something of a test -- she opened the door to those that had no right receiving an invitation from the royal palace.

A test to see if they had the cunning to get their hands on an invitation in the first place, the guile to actually show up, and to see what they would do with the opportunity presented to them. Some were lowborn, just as I had been. Others were former noble families that had decided against leaving the kingdom. It was to find promising recruits, and to weed them out based on why they were here in the first place. Social gatherings such as these made it easy for Morrigan to map out plots and the intentions of those who sought my favor.

"Have your eye on anyone in particular?" I asked, my gaze lingering on my children for a moment more before I turned to the guards -- a dozen of them, each one of my veterans. They understood their charge perfectly, and I knew every single one of them would die before they let any harm come to my children. Their loyalty was absolute.

"Just one at the moment," Morrigan answered with a dismissive shrug, telling me that whoever it was had talent but they hadn't managed to impress her yet. We left the nursery behind, and took the long way back to the throne room. "Though, I'm sure that Jasmine or Astrid will find use for the others."

I nodded in agreement -- talent was a well that needed to be found to be useful, and I had several irons in the fire when it came to finding the talented among my people and among those that would become my people. A spy network would only be a part of it -- finding those that were natural tricksters. Just as the Rangers found those that felt more at home in nature than they did in a home. Other groups like merchant associations would find and invest in those that had a talent for making piles of coin grow. Or my initiatives for teaching trades to my citizens shifting for those that had a natural talent in their chosen trade.

It would take time for that talent to be nurtured. But I felt in my bones that when the time came, the reward would be well worth the investment.

Morrigan was cultivating her spy network, which would spread across the territories I would add to my empire. Just as Astrid would soon start her own order of Shieldmaidens in the name of Lagertha Hare-Foot. Jasmine had developed a strong interest in trade, and she would oversee a merchant association that would sponsor voyages to her homeland. Meanwhile, Jill was cultivating diplomatic connections and diplomats for future use to help ease the transition of my conquest.

"Have you carved your wish into a wishing log?" Morrigan asked me, and I chuckled in response as we walked down the halls of my palace.

"Theres no need, this year. I already have all that I could want."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 664 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 20, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Bestowing of Expectations New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,583
Under normal circumstances, I would have preferred to delay my conquest of Scandinavia by at least a year. Perhaps two, to be safe. Such a thing required more than just an army of young men willing to fight -- there were logistics to consider. Information needed to be gathered to determine which settlements were important enough to take first, which locations were suitable for battle, which locations we should avoid, the names of the local political players, and the general disposition of the villages, towns, and cities.

The Rangers were part of how I intended to speed along preparations for the conquest. Skilled woodsmen, three hundred in total, were sent as an advanced scouting party that would investigate the land prior to the invasion in order to answer some of those questions. They were something of a mixture of a scout and a spy -- they would track whatever military force gathered in response to our arrival, commit acts of sabotage where they could, but most importantly, keep my army informed in unfamiliar territory.

In the future, their duties would change and expand. I had spoken at length with Athrun about the ideal version of the Rangers and we had several ideas that we would like to explore with them. Morrigan was developing her network of spies within the towns and cities that we would conquer or build, as was Jasmine to a lesser extent with her network of merchants. The rest of the kingdoms that would fall to me, however, needed a different sort of network. And that, hopefully, would be the Rangers -- people that could venture from village to village, investigating rumors of bandits, poachers, and murderers as an extension of the local guard.

It had potential. Potential that I would like to build a deeper and sturdier foundation to before we relied on them to be the eyes and ears of my army during a conquest that would define my reign. Yet, as premature as it might be, it was completely unavoidable.

"We were too successful for our own good," Thorkell noted, seated across from me. Between us was a compiled number of maps that were taken, both from my Rangers and by various ships that I'd had scouting the coastline of my first target.

The Geats and the Swedes.

"Every empty headed boy now dreams of sailing to the Mediterranean," Olek agreed, a low note of disapproval in his voice. "The fools would swim there if they could."

My return to Denmark had the troubles I had long anticipated, and a few that I hadn't. The warriors that I commanded had become rich. Of the roughly ten thousand men I had commanded, excluding the five thousand men that then joined me with Krum, some six thousand had decided to retire with their spoils. They purchased land, they paid lavish bride prices for a harem of women, and they settled into their new homesteads content with their accomplishments and lots in life. Which left me a core of four thousand veterans, less than I had hoped for but within my expectations.

I knew that their, and my, success would have a rippling effect across Denmark. And to a lesser extent, Saxony and Norway. The young, hotheaded, and hopeful would see that success and hope to replicate it. They would migrate en masse down to the Mediterranean, towards the kingdom I had left in my wake. I had no doubts that Hoffer could use the reinforcements, but so could I. Others would find that life paths that they had expected to follow were suddenly cut off for them, as I had restructured the kingdom almost from the ground up.

That restless energy and ambition needed to be focused. Channeled. Both to quell the unrest, and to prevent a depopulation of young men looking for opportunity. The easiest solution?

Give them opportunity.

"We have enough for our goals, yes?" Krum spoke up in accented Norse, his arms crossed as his gaze was affixed to the maps that covered the war table between them. "Twenty thousand warriors."

"Unbloodied and untested," Olek growled, the idea of the recruits seemingly almost personally offensive to him.

"Which is why they will prove their worth against the Geats and Swedes," Alfric, the Saxon noble who had chosen to stay with my army, replied. "As I understand, the Jarls of Norway were but a whetstone for five thousand men and the result was the crown of Norway being forged. I have little doubt that the same shall play out against them."

"More and less than I would expect," I voiced, bringing all attention to me. "Norway is naturally divided by mountains. The easiest way to travel is by ship along the coast, which made each hold isolated. That is less true in Geatland and Sweden. There, they are sparsely populated across a vast stretch of land, but they can unite with far greater ease."

Northern Scandinavia could be divided into four great tribes, and thus regions. There was the Kingdom of Norway, which ran along the majority of the western coast. There was Geatland and the Geats, which controlled the southernmost part of the land, making it adjacent to Denmark. Beyond them were the Swedes, and further beyond them were the Sami.

It was my intention to unify that stretch of land, the northern coast of the Baltic Sea, first.

"Which is why we will not allow them the opportunity to unify," I continued, my gaze meeting all of my top military commanders. My chosen. "We shall commence two simultaneous invasions from four separate points, each spearheaded by a thousand of our veterans and four thousand recruits." Reaching out, I grabbed the tokens that represented each army.

One would invade the Geats from the south, and another from the eastern coast. Meanwhile, two other armies would invade Sweden from the east coast with the ambition of meeting in the middle.

"From there, the forces within each territory will have three true choices -- they stand with those that fight, they surrender, or they resist as small bands of fighters. The latter is not ideal, but it can be circumvented with a swift campaign." The campaign was designed from the ground up to find those that would stand in defiance of me and separate them from those that wouldn't. Already, the seeds had been planted and had taken root.

The survivors of my conquest of Denmark had returned to their homelands, spreading word of my abilities and my intentions. The resolute would stand and my arrival would give way to common cause -- the Rangers would direct us to those emerging alliances, and we would crush them before they had a chance to unite in earnest.

"Six months is our time limit," I continued. "In those lands, winter comes faster and harsher than we experience here in Denmark or Norway. In six months, fall will arrive, and with it snowstorms and the Wild Hunt." I continued to move tokens around until they displayed a clear picture -- the complete subjugation of the territory. By that time, I would have made headway into integrating the Geats and Swedes. Food for villages and towns over winter, followed by the same proof I showed in Denmark with rapid development in projects such as roads and towns. "Because, come spring, the lands need to be settled enough for our departure."

"The trouble makers and rabble rousers?" Olek questioned, drinking in the sight of my plans.

"Disbursement," I answered flatly. The Romans had used the tactic to great effect when incorporating territories. While my lands were not as vast as Rome, I could use the same idea to dilute the presence of certain tribes and clans. To that end, the remotest of Sweden and Geatland were perfect. And, to a lesser extent, the lands of the Sami and eventually the Fins were as well. "To that end, it is partly the reason why these territories were chosen first. It gives me time to survey the lands, find points of development, then settle those from the more populated easterlands."

With the conquest and my Map, I would be able to observe the territories on a level that no other ruler could claim to. In Denmark, the kingdom was quite small. In truth, it wasn't that much larger than the island of Crete. As such, valuable territory like fertile soil, hotsprings, and veins of metals or minerals were found with much greater ease. In lands such as Geatland or Sweden, that was far less true. They were vast and remote, with settlers finding the places that they knew they could survive in and sticking to them.

I sincerely doubted that these lands would ever become as densely populated as Denmark was, even if they did inevitably boast a higher population. That was something of a benefit, however, as it allowed me to develop them how I wished. Rich veins of ore or minerals would have the bones of future towns and villages laid down upon them in the spring following my conquest. Towns and villages that I would populate with members of the Estonian tribes, or the Novigrad Rus. Away from their heartlands and away from their ancestral enemies. All for the effect of weakening them enough that any attempt at rebellion would struggle to find common cause in the initial years as many wouldn't share a language, they'd be far removed from their homes and kin, and they would find themselves living in objectively better conditions.

"This way carries significant risk," Krum voiced, his lips thinning. "Dividing your army like this. Should one fall in the field, or to simple trickery…" he trailed off when I nodded, agreeing with him.

"Which is why I intended to give the commanders of my armies an additional Blessing," I stated, and while Krum's brow furrowed, the rest of my Chosen stirred. The prospect of a second Blessing was something that I had long considered. I had amassed quite the horde of Prestige to use, but I had been indecisive on how to best use it. All the more so when I heard the news from Hispania that Hadi had managed to slay some of Charlemagne's Paladins.

Was it better to bestow further Blessings upon my Chosen, or would it be better to expand their number? Should one of them die, either by poison, on the battlefield, or simply old age… that would be a loss of a significant investment in Prestige. It was also a question of if it would be better to have a wide variety of Blessings rather than to further enhance the ones that they already possessed.

There was already some degree of physical enhancement, and while the first Blessings for my Chosen had all been within the realm of Martial and Warfare, there was no guarantee that the next blessing they received would be related to their duties. Thorkell could end up with a Diplomacy related Blessing for all I knew. And, while I didn't doubt that the gods would grant a useful blessing, I did fear that it wouldn't be useful to my immediate goals.

I had deliberated over the decision for months before ultimately coming to a conclusion -- I trusted the men in this room, even Krum. In the future, I would consider expanding their number, but on the eve of a great conquest… it seemed foolish to add additional personalities into the mix. They each would receive an additional Blessing, with Krum receiving his first. It would be something of a loss when he inevitably returned to Bulgaria, but the investment would have a different kind of pay out.

It would forever bind him to me, and through him his kingdom. And that was a very advantageous thing to have in the far future when Bulgaria would become a fast ally.

"Thorkell? Rise," I commanded, and the easy-going confidence of the man bled out of him, replaced with a seriousness that I rarely saw. He nodded at me, stepping forward, and I placed a hand upon his shoulder and pushed the Prestige into him. As I'd suspected, it took more to bestow the Blessing, about half again as much as the first one. Which would make a third something that I would only grant to those who had earned them, rather than needed them.

Martial: Shatter Point
Areas and units of weakness are highlighted. Shatter points may change due to real-time circumstances, such as morale, location, and individual ability. ​

It was a uniquely useful Blessing, and I was very pleased with it. When used in conjunction with his other Blessing, Of One Mind, it would allow him to take full effect of the Shatter Points without disrupting the flow of battle, as his general, whether it be myself or Astrid, would be aware of those points as well. In short, it was the perfect Blessing for him to receive, all the more so when factoring in future plans.

Thorkell nodded, standing a bit taller, and as he stepped away, I saw him testing his newfound strength. But, there were others that followed.

Olek was next, as the second of my head commanders.

Martial: Stalwart
Units that are still are planted like a stone. 25% increase in fighting effectiveness for units that are still in a defense posture. ​

That was something to consider. I often fought aggressively and only rarely took the defensive. However, Stalwart paired well with Unyielding, which enabled warriors under Olek's command to fight longer and harder with greater endurance. Stalwart invited the attack, and it would have been quite useful against Horrik, as that battle would have been an excellent use for it.

Athrun came after that.

Martial: Projectile Prediction
Projectile Prediction visualizes the exact destination and path of an object​

I was a bit surprised to see one of my own Perks being offered as a Blessing, though it was a pleasant surprise. The Perk was uniquely useful with Athrun's already existing Blessing, Animal Totem, which allowed him to take on aspects of various animals for various benefits. Such as the Aspect of the Bear, which greatly enhanced his strength allowing him to shoot arrows at a much greater distance.

It made him a uniquely deadly archer, as now Athrun could potentially kill any enemy commander on the field of battle so long as he had sight of them.

After Athrun, it was Alfric's turn to receive his second Blessing.

Martial: Swift Movement
The faster the units under the bearer's command move, the faster they go, to a limit of a 100% speed increase. ​

That was a very useful perk, especially when combined with his first, Poise, which increased a unit's ability to absorb impact the faster that they were going. Considering that Alfric was in command of the cavalry division of my army… A cavalry charge was already a thing of devastation, but when combined with those two Blessings -- it wouldn't surprise me if Alfric could cut an unprepared army in two with a good proper charge.

Then, lastly, there was Krum. He approached with far more hesitation, a wariness in his eyes that told me he genuinely didn't know what to expect when I placed a hand on his shoulder. His eyes widened dramatically when he felt the Prestige flow into him, granting him a Blessing.

Martial: Ambush Tactics
The user has become an adept user of ambushes. Locations of potential ambushes are now highlighted to the user, and additionally, locations where he could ambush others and where his units would be most effective are displayed on his HUD. ​

That was an interesting one, though I had no idea what a HUD could possibly be. Krum took in a sharp breath, and the blood seemed to drain from his face as she stumbled a step back, looking at me with wide, disbelieving eyes. "That was…!"

"There's a reason why everyone is convinced that he's a god," Thorkell replied, far better understanding what Krum was experiencing than I could. In the end, from the moment of my birth, I'd had the attention of the gods. I was the honored one. In truth, I couldn't imagine what my life would have been like without the gods guiding me since before I could even walk or talk.

"These Blessings will enable you to better lead during the conquest," I continued, seeing the wariness shine in Krum's eyes. It was different for him, I imagine. We all worshiped the same gods, even if some of us called them by different names. Krum… didn't. I'm unsure what gods or god he believed in, but I suppose this counted as a very strong argument for the power of the Aesir. At the very least, their existence would be far more difficult for him to deny. "I have made the proclamation and word has spread, but most may not yet believe it. It is why we must succeed with these invasions, as they will be evidence for arguments that shall spread across Scandinavia. That we can do this. That we are coming. And that when we arrive, we will win."

My Chosen nodded, and even Krum managed to swallow his unease enough to do the same. They understood.

The beginning of the conquest would set the tone. If we were bogged down or suffered a stinging defeat, then the inevitability of the conquest would be lost. We would be seen as fallible. That would invite resistance that I didn't want to inspire, as the goal of the conquest was to preserve as much of Scandinavia's fighting strength as possible. Some would fight, as was their right, but most wouldn't if they felt the battle was lost before it began.

"How shall we be divided?" Thorkell questioned, and that was a prudent question. I had held off on making any solid plans until I knew what Blessings they would receive. Now that they had them…

Not everyone was prepared to be a general. Athrun, for one, desired to remain as the head of my archers and scouts. And now my Rangers, which suited him fine. Alfric was another, though he desired more, his Blessings made him too perfect for the position of cavalry commander.

"I shall command one of the armies," I began, as that was obvious. "My wife, Queen Astrid, shall lead another. Thorkell, you will join her." Thorkell nodded, accepting the role of support. Their Blessings paired quite well, in the end -- Of One Mind and Shatter Point would feed into Astrid's ability to look over a battlefield from on high while that information would also inform Thorkell. "Olek shall command the third army, supported by Alfric. The last army will go to Krum, as he will lead the majority of the Bulgarians. Athrun will support him."

There was a flicker of annoyance in Alfric's gaze, but he knew better than to challenge the decision. Nor could he provide a suitable argument to contest that Krum should be in charge of his own countrymen.

Satisfied that they all understood, I settled into my chair, "Come spring, we will be at war for the next three years. Our conquest will be swift and absolute. It will not be easy, but by the time it is done… we will have united our divided people and made ourselves stronger than any of us could have conceived of being before. This is merely the first step of the long journey ahead, and we cannot stumble here."

The words were as much for myself as they were for them.

…​

"Father," Ragnar announced his presence as he entered my study -- it was half a library and half a workshop, with numerous projects in various stages of completion, from maps, to plans, to statues. My eldest son's voice was as serious as I had ever heard it, and he carried himself with a familiar gait. He was mimicking me when he saw me conducting myself as a king. Which made it very hard to not break out into a smile and laugh. Instead, I schooled my expression and waited for him to approach. "I wish to… negotiate."

"Hm. It seems to be a matter of great importance," I replied, and Ragnar nodded with a severe gravity. He wasn't a babe anymore. It always seemed to catch me off guard in moments like these, but he was growing up so fast. His dark red hair brushed against the nape of his neck, Astrid's bright blue eyes staring back at me with a childlike intensity. Year by year, he seemed to look more like me and his mother both, the best of our features melding together in him.

"It is, Father," Ragnar continued, "I should go with you when you go to war. So, I can learn about it. It's important to my…" there was a brief note of panic in his eyes as he forgot a word and his expression became one pleading for help.

"Education," I supplied the answer and his expression morphed into one of relief. He was too free with his emotions, I knew. Too expressive. That was a habit that needed tempering, but that could come later. He was a prince of the realm, but he was still so very young…

"It would be important to my education," he repeated. "I could learn a lot about war and fighting and… stuff." It seemed he ran out of examples. "And it would let me ingarte… make friends with our vassals. So they would have a positive disposition of me." He was trying to sound like me, adopting my speech patterns. It softened my heart to hear it and brought forth memories of me copying my own father.

However, it didn't soften my heart enough that I was willing to indulge him in his request. "Did your mother help you with your proposal?"

Ragnar nodded without shame or hesitation. "Yeah. She said negotiation is meeting in the middle. So, I get a little of what I want and you get a little of what you want. And I want to come with you and mother!"

"And I want you to be safe, Ragnar," I said, standing up from my workbench to approach my son. "The battlefield is no place for a boy. It is a place of death and danger that doesn't care if you're too young or too old or if you have too much to live for -- it will claim your life all the same," I said, kneeling before him and his expression began to twist. "There will be a time when you will be expected to be on that field. You'll be expected to fight… to kill… and perhaps, even to die. But I will not send any child of mine there before he is ready, and you are not yet ready."

"Mother says that the Norns decide our fate. So… if they don't decide to cut my thread, I'll be fine," Ragnar argued.

"That is true," I replied with a nod. "But the easiest way to avoid your life thread being cut by the Norns is to avoid situations when they might cut it." That got his expression to twist, sensing that the negotiations were turning against him and he didn't know what to do about it. He was struggling to contain his frustration, but I saw it building within him.

"I don't want you to go," Ragnar pleaded.

"I know," I admitted to him. "I don't want to go either," I confessed.

There was part of me that felt I was taking the Geats and Swedes too lightly. That I was in danger of being too arrogant, and that the gods would punish my hubris with a stinging defeat. But the other part of me knew my victory was all but guaranteed.

The Geats and the Swedes would be no different than the Norwegians, and I had conquered Norway in months with a tenth of the men, a third of the experience, and with only Thorkell possessing a Blessing.

"But, I must," I continued, dashing his hopes that I would change my mind. "Do you know why?"

"Because a king must lead," he echoed my words back at me. And I smiled before reaching out and effortlessly picking him up, though I noted it wasn't as easy as before. Ragnar was proving to be big for his age, and he was growing up. He'd just turned five years old.

"A king must lead," I said, hugging him close and standing up. "A king is a rallying point, and in our culture, a king is most useful when we can be observed rather than as a distant authority." All the more so when I was so new to the authority that I wielded.

If I truly wished for it, I could send forth my generals to conquer the Geats and Swedes. I'm sure that they would manage it, even if it might not be as clean. I could stay here, continuing to rule and being there for my children. But I had only been king for a year, and while those that followed me from the Mediterranean knew what I was capable of, those in Denmark, and soon all of Scandinavia, would need proof of my claims. The conquest needed to be mine, rather than just in my name.

"But… that's not… a compromise. I'm supposed to get something I want," Ragnar pointed out, and I chuckled warmly as we moved through the halls of my palace.

"In that case," I began, making him perk up, "When you're seven, I'll bring you with me, but not a day before then."

"But- that-! That's two years! That's forever!" He protested, and I just laughed at his indignant outrage. There was a point that I would have agreed with him that two years was an incredible length of time, but the older I got, the faster time seemed to move. This past year flew by to the point that it felt like I blinked and we were once more waiting for spring.

"True, but it isn't like you won't have any responsibilities, Ragnar. Who do you think I'll look to to protect your siblings? Especially Bjorn and Radahn?" I asked him, and that earned a serious frown from him.

"... So you need me here?" He asked, sounding like he was about to accept a sacred duty based on the seriousness of his tone.

"I do," I answered. And I suppose that was convincing enough because Ragnar immediately wiggled out of my grasp, nearly falling until I deposited him on the floor.

Without looking back, he took off and shouted, "I'll start protecting them now!" He exclaimed, and I watched him go towards the nursery.

"That was easier than I expected," I remarked out loud, and through the door that we had been heading to, I saw Astrid emerge with a cheeky grin.

"I suppose all the wrangling of kings and jarls prepared you for dealing with children," She remarked, opening the door fully to reveal a parlor, and inside it I saw the others -- Jill, Jasmine, and even Morrigan. "We're just… enjoying the time we have together," she added, grabbing me by the hand.

Jill glanced up and finished the thought, "It will be at least a year before we're all in the same room again. If not longer."

"If at all," Morrigan added, her tone morose. She stood apart from the others, her golden eyes narrowed into a glare that didn't seem to be directed at anyone in particular. I had to wipe my smile from my face, else I'd give her a target for her ire, but I understood her feelings well.

It would be a rapid campaign considering the scope of my ambitions, but it would be years at least before we were all together like this again. Astrid would be with me during the wars, but Jill would remain in the capital as Regent. Jasmine and Morrigan would need to come and go to set up their trade and spy networks across the kingdoms as part of their integration.

In the end, the conquest was the easy part. It'd be ten years at least before the foundation of the Empire was settled.

"Maybe," I agreed, closing the door behind me. "But we've been preparing for this for quite some time. We're as ready as we can be."

"It's not the preparations that I'm worried about. Radahn is so fussy… he'd be so lonely without us," Jasmine muttered, her lips turning into a frown at the mere thought. "And if anything happened to him- to any of our children…"

That was the concern. My plans would earn me plenty of enemies, and if they could not strike at me, then they would look to other targets. But, it was also why I was leaving behind a prepared guard and…

"Morrigan has everything well in hand," I reassured, and Jasmine offered a thankful look at her, which Morrigan was entirely uncomfortable with. "But there is one more thing that I could do to ensure their protection."

That made Astrid stir, "A Blessing?" She already guessed it -- we had spoken at length about the possibilities, but decided to keep them in reserve. My generals would lead the way for the conquest, but domestically… I would be leaving behind a kingdom that was still new to my rule. I had handpicked the jarls and thegns, but I'd learned to never underestimate the depths of foolishness ambition could make people sink to.

Jasmine wasn't surprised, per se, but her eyes narrowed with a degree of caution. It wasn't a secret to her, but I could see that she was apprehensive about the prospect of receiving such a Blessing. After all, she did not follow our gods.

"I have enough in me for two more," I confirmed with a nod as my eyes slid to Jill. Morrigan couldn't receive a third, else I'd only be able to grant her alone a Blessing. One could go to either Jill or Astrid, and I would have enough to bestow Jasmine her first. Or I could do both Jill and Astrid, which would leave me completely tapped until the conquest ended. "One of them should be you, Jill. You'll be ruling in my name here for a time. Your Blessing makes it easy to calm hot tempers, but…"

Jill offered a sharp nod, "I accept. I… was hoping that you would offer," she admitted. So, I did, offering a hand and she grasped it lightly. Once more, I felt the Prestige flowing out of me and into her, granting her a second Blessing.

Diplomacy: Stat Window
Allows the remote viewing of a target's stat window.
Diplomacy
Martial
Stewardship
Intrique
Learning
Prowess

Terrible: 0–5
Poor: 6–10
Average: 11–24
Good: 25–49
Excellent: 50-75
Expert: 76-89
Master: 90-100​

That was… not quite what I had been hoping for for Jill, if I was being completely honest, but it was a uniquely useful Blessing. To be able to glance at someone and identify the areas that they were most competent in and place them accordingly? To ensure that those most able and deserving were in the positions where they would be most effective? It was a dream. Almost to the point that I was jealous that she had it and I didn't.

"Hm," Jill hummed, taking her Blessing in stride. "I… can use this," she said, and I could already see her getting ideas. I was curious what she saw when she looked at me, because I saw a faint widening of her eyes that made me certain she had used her Blessing already. But, now wasn't the time for it.

Instead, I turned my gaze to Jasmine, offering my hand once more. Her gaze lingered on it for a moment, and I could see that she was truly wrestling with herself about it. I gave her the time she needed, and what managed to convince her… only she knew. Tentatively, she accepted my hand and gasped when the Prestige flowed into her. When the Blessing took hold, I found that I felt… strangely empty.

Diplomacy: Know Thy Enemy
A person is defined by the traits that they embody. With this Perk, the user can tell the three most prominent traits a person possesses with merely a glance.​

That had been the kind of Blessing that I'd hoped Jill would receive, and between the two, Jill and Jasmine would make a formidable team. All the more so with Morrigan's help, though she would grate at the idea of being part of a team. It was a perfect arrangement with me and Astrid leaving for the conquest.

I felt much more reassured with the idea, now. As did Jasmine, who smiled tentatively up at me as she held my hand.

This was a quiet moment, I knew. The last of the preparations before we set out to accomplish my ambition. But, with them at my side…

Anything felt possible.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 662 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Unification New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,605
"That road work helped us along, eh?" Hjalmar heard to his right as he laid on the sand, breathing deeply as he tried to get a grip on his racing heart. All around him, he could hear the panting and grunts of everyone else in the troop as they did much the same. His side pinched like someone was stabbing him with a knife, while his arms and shoulders screamed with strain. He couldn't even feel his legs.

"How… are you… still talking?" Hjalmar panted, looking to Trym to find the older man sitting down and gazing out at the sea. "Did the gods… give you bigger lungs… when they took your wits?"

Trym snorted, "My mother always said my father could talk the whole day away without breathing once, so I suppose I got it from him. And it's easier to recover if you stand up, curling up like a turtle might feel nice, but it won't help you breathe." He advised and Hjalmar groaned, truly questioning every decision that had led up to this point.

The plan had been simple. Over the course of fall and winter, more details had come forth about the alleged conquest -- they would seize all of the North, then sweep to the east until they were marching south to conquer along the southern Baltic coast. People spoke in hushed whispers about the length of the campaign, some thinking that it would take a lifetime, others a decade, with a few thinking that the King intended to conquer the whole thing in a single year.

Money granted opportunity, and there were few ways to earn more coin than war. There had been some grumbling about how the loot would be divided -- all of the goods divided up, then everyone receiving a base payout with those that brought more valuable things receiving an additional fee. Some were already chafing under the idea, but not Hjalmar. No, he was quite the opposite.

Any who participated in the conquest would receive spoils and a base amount of pay. Finding good loot would increase that pay, as would keeping certain valuables to himself to sell at a later date for additional profit. Given the King's reputation -- both for winning against long odds, and for looting any and everything that had a semblance of value, all the way down to the nails and timber of people's homes… it seemed a safe bet that he would make more in a few years as a warrior than he would as a road builder.

There were other opportunities, a surprising amount in all honesty. Apprenticeships for every trade that Hjalmar could think of and many more that he hadn't even been aware of, such as glassworking. He could try his hand at something like that, he knew. Take the apprenticeship for roughly five years and ply that trade until he was old and gray. It wouldn't be a bad life. It would be a better life than most got. It just wasn't the life that he wanted.

It had been a quick decision to go to the recruitment hall like so many others once the roadwork dried up. There were those who were clamoring to earn a glorious position -- to join the Rangers, to become a cavalryman, to impress one of the armor-clad veterans into taking them as a student to master the art of war. And they were welcome to those positions. What Hjalmar wanted was the role of an average infantryman. Steady pay, good chance for spoils, and no greater risk than any of the other men he stood shoulder to shoulder with.

But now…

"Regretting it already?" Trym asked him, a smirk in his voice and Hjalmar waved him off, deciding to rise to his feet, even if his legs felt like they belonged to someone else. Much to his annoyance, while the pinch in his side felt worse, it was easier to breathe. Worse, he was really considering the question.

"Ask me again in the morning," he sighed, looking out at the others as they recovered from their latest training exercise. Some were better off than him, while others were worse. Every day, for the past few weeks, they had been earning the right to join the King's army, and the competition was a lot stiffer than Hjalmar had prepared himself for.

In the end, many had had the same exact idea as he did -- to join the army and get rich. So many people had the same idea, in fact, that the King created filters to get rid of the unworthy, the unfit, and the fairweathered. In an army that boasted being twenty thousand strong when it was all said and done, it would be filled with only the most able-bodied and dedicated recruits. Quality steel that the King intended to sharpen to a deadly edge. He just needed to make sure he made the cut.

A horn rang out, telling them that they were done for the day. Hjalmar sighed with relief before he waded into the ice-cold waves of the sea to wash off the sand and sweat. Others would be spending their coin at the bathhouse, and while he couldn't deny the temptation, he also knew that it would be easier to give in the next time, so he held off. The coin that he had needed to last him through the winter, and unlike the work crews, he wasn't willing to risk his coin gambling.

Men with weapons were more inclined to use them, and while they might be willing to laugh off a poor roll of the dice, you also didn't want a man that you took money from to be in a position to save your life.

After a quick wash, he headed back into where he and so many other recruits would be staying. It was a wide building rather than a tall one, located on the outskirts of Miklagard. There, roughly five hundred potential recruits would be sifted. Those who proved worthy would be recruited, and those who didn't, wouldn't be. Hjalmar wasn't sure how he felt about his odds. Or the fact that this was merely the training before the proper training once he actually became a recruit in the King's army.

Assuming he made the cut, at least.

"They'll take more than they need to make up for the loss in military training," Hjalmar reassured himself as he entered the warm hall that immediately vanished the lingering chill. The once rowdy building was quieter now as everyone suffered the effects of pushing themselves to the limit and beyond for the sake of standing out. In a class of five hundred, they'd take only two hundred and fifty because there would be those who either dropped out during training, injured themselves, or had the physical ability but not the mentality the King was looking for.

Hjalmar fell face-first into his hay bed in the barracks, every muscle in his body weeping with relief. He only realized that he had fallen asleep when he felt a hand roughly shaking him awake and he peeled his eyes open to see it was Trym.

"It's time. They're making the announcement," Trym informed, and that certainly woke him up. It was something of a relief that he wasn't the only one who had to be coaxed out of bed, the night passing in what felt like a blink of the eye. His muscles ached as he dressed himself, forced to take small steps into the central courtyard where all of the potential recruits were gathering.

They stood in rows of twenty-five, and before them were the few that would decide if they had a future with the army that King Siegfried was building. There were ten in total, each of whom had watched and graded them for the past few weeks. It wasn't just about the physical, Hjalmar reminded himself. They were looking for leadership skills, watching how well they each got on with their fellow recruits, and for individual skill. It was another reason why he wouldn't be taking anyone's money at the gambling tables -- it could count against him.

"All of you have done well," A man stepped forward, a veteran by the name of Steinn -- a large and burly man with a long brown beard with woven pieces of bone and gold. "You have endured all that we have asked of you these few weeks. Of the five hundred that arrived, three hundred and eighty-six remain. The rest didn't have the spine to endure such hardship and challenges." More than a hundred had been culled from the herd, simply packing up their things and leaving in the dead of the night if they had any shame.

"However, we cannot accept all of you at this time," Steinn continued, his tone blunt. "Some of you will be recruited directly to the King's army. Others will be held in reserve when some of our brothers inevitably fall and are welcomed into Odin's Hall. When you hear your name, step forward and take your place amongst those that shall be honored to follow the King into battle." A parchment was unfurled and in a loud booming voice, Steinn started calling names.

The list was in alphabetical order, so he didn't have to wait too long to know if he made the cut.

"Hjalmar of Orinsted," he heard, and Hjalmar nearly went limp as he approached, joining the growing group of accepted warriors. Those who had been passed over still lingered, desperately hoping that it was some mistake or that their names could still be called. Much to Hjalmar's relief, Trym was also called. The man had become a friend since their roadworking days, and it was reassuring that he wouldn't go into this alone.

He stood proudly amongst the two hundred and fifty that were recruited. While another fifty made the list to be brought in as reserves. The rest were dismissed, but cautioned against giving up so easily, as there would be wars to be fought in the future. Yet, there was no time to celebrate as Steinn addressed them, his expression flat. "From this moment on, you are now recruits who have the potential to be worthy of fighting and dying for our King. It is said that all who fight in his name are welcomed into the halls of Valhalla with a position of honor… and in life, they find themselves with more wealth than their great-grandchildren could hope to spend in their lifetime."

"Yet, you are not yet deserving to call yourselves warriors! But you will be. From this moment onward, until we depart, I will be training all of you in preparation of the wars to come. I will be your commander in the field, and we shall be part of the greater whole that will conquer these lands." Steinn continued, walking the front of the three hundred men before he slipped into the gaps between them. "You will be taught how to fight in a shield wall, and with other formations or tactics. Your individual skills will be honed. I hope that you are prepared, because this was the easy part. It only gets more difficult from here, and those in reserve will be chomping at the bit to take your place."

Hjalmar tried to appear unremarkable as the commander passed by him, and he managed that feat, though Steinn lingered nearby. "The five men before you are your commanders in the field. Each is responsible for fifty men, just as I am for the two hundred and fifty of you. Just as you shall be responsible for those you stand shoulder to shoulder with, and they you."

He breathed a little easier when the commander moved on, but he listened attentively. "You are to divide yourselves into groups of five. Those five shall be your squad. You will eat together, sleep together, fight together, and die together. Begin." Steinn finished, and for a moment, there was inaction. Then, almost as if given a cue, they all began to drift towards those they were familiar with. Those that they got on with during training.

Hjalmar found Trym rather quickly, but that left three open spots with their squad. He stepped back, scouting those that already hadn't grouped up and it was only some of them that he had any interest in. Familiarity was one thing, but skill was another.

Those that had performed well during training, regardless of their attitude, whether they be arrogant, surly, or friendly, were quickly surrounded. Those, he discounted quickly. He wouldn't be able to convince them to allow the two of them to join their squad, and in the time that he'd spend trying to the other prospects would be snatched up.

No -- the cream of the crop was not what he wanted. What he wanted in squadmates was two things: strength and intelligence. However, strength could be cultivated. Skill could be earned. Intelligence? Odin granted each man a limited number of wits, and most were content to drink or beat them out. The ones that he wanted were the ones like him. The ones taking a step back, surveying the greater whole for those that had potential but weren't immediately obvious.

"Found our squadmates," he told Trym, who cocked an eyebrow at that, but seemed content to let him take the lead. He approached one on the fringe -- a tall spindly man with gaunt cheeks but sharp blue eyes. He noticed their approach and Hjalmar welcomed the inspection. He noted their sizes, their builds, the calluses on their hands, all before he met their gazes. "We could use a third," he said to him and he paused before replying.

"Isulf," He introduced himself without so much as a shred of warmth, but he still offered a hand. Like Isulf had done to him, Hjalmar had inspected his new squadmate. He was passed over because of his thin build and lanky height, but his hands were rough from hard labor and underneath the baggy clothing were iron cords of strength.

"Hjalmar," He introduced himself before inclining his head to Trym. "Trym. Did you have your eyes on another?" He asked, but based on how Isulf's eyes sharpened, looking over his shoulder, Hjalmar suspected that they were being approached. Following Isulf's gaze, his eyes widened a fraction at who was approaching them.

They were a pair that was well known to him to the point he already knew their names. They were the two that lead the pack -- the ones that did the best in every exercise, who possessed a seemingly limitless amount of stamina, and any time they lost a training bout, it was exclusively with each other.

Ulfar and Lokar.

Ulfar was on the shorter side but built like a wall, and entirely too quick in a way that felt unnatural every time he saw it. His hair was a reddish brown with bright green eyes and an easy smile on his face. He contrasted harshly with Lokar, who had blonde hair and blue eyes, while being half a head taller and leaner.

"Greetings -- Do the three of you have room for two more?" Ulfar asked, his smile growing when Hjalmar couldn't stop himself from narrowing his eyes. They were the kind of men that Hjalmar had written off. They would have had their pick of the litter when it came to deciding squadmates, and the fact that they were approaching them felt… suspect. Almost to the point he checked over his shoulder to make sure that they were talking to them.

Thankfully, Trym said the words that Hjalmar was thinking. "You mean us? Don't you have better options?" A little honest, but the sentiment was the same.

To that, Ulfar's smile grew a fraction, and it was only then that Hjalmar noticed the cunning glint in his eyes. "Ah, well -- I knew about the squads for some time. Benefits of having the right father, I suppose. So, I've been keeping an eye on who I would be putting on my squad. Lokar impressed me from the beginning, and you three… well, two of you were on my short list."

Then his gaze slid to Trym, "Sorry." He elaborated, offering an unapologetic shrug. Meaning that Trym had been the one that hadn't caught his eye.

There was a lot to unpack. First and foremost was that Ulfar had a father of some influence. How much, he wasn't certain, but one that was likely connected to the army in some way. Secondly, it meant that he had been watched. The information wasn't exactly surprising -- it was hardly as if everyone else was so dull that the thought never occurred to them, but it meant that he had apparently impressed Ulfar enough that he was being recruited.

A sour expression flickered across Trym's face, but even as understanding filled his eyes, Hjalmar knew what he expected him to do. And it would be a bald-faced lie to say that he wasn't considering it. While he liked Trym well enough, this was an opportunity that wasn't likely to come again. He'd be squadmates with one of the best performing warriors in their class, one who had influential connections, and that could be the key to the future he desired.

But to get that key, he had to betray Trym.

"No, thank you," Hjalmar replied, making Ulfar tilt his head to the side ever so slightly. "I appreciate the offer, but I'll look elsewhere for squadmates. I have a difficult time trusting someone who'd treat others so callously."

He hadn't been sure what kind of reaction to expect, but it wasn't for Ulfar's smile to become a full blown grin. "Ah, there's no need for that. Because Trym was one of the two I was looking to recruit. You were the one I was undecided about," he informed, and that caught Hjalmar off guard. "You're a ladder climber. Not sure why, or for what, but I wanted to see if you were the kind of shit that'd write off the one friend you'd made here if the opportunity struck."

What?

That was a little hurtful, he thought to himself. Though, less hurtful than when Ulfar clapped him on the shoulder. "Welcome to the team, you three." Ulfar said, easily assuming the role of the leader of the squad and taking his acceptance for granted. Which he was right to, but it did leave Hjalmar feeling like he had been walked over.

The feeling was mollified when Trym thumped him on the other shoulder when the five of them went to confirm their squad. Hjalmar didn't look at him, "Shut up."

He could feel his grin, "Didn't say nothing."

After their squad was confirmed, Ulfar placed himself as the squad leader. It was something of a loss, but hardly a major one. What he wanted from the military was wealth, which he would get so long as he survived the wars to come. Earning a higher position would be nice, as it came with a higher share of spoils, but it was hardly a necessity. In fact, it was better this way. Hjalmar wasn't sure who exactly Ulfar's father was, but given that he was starting as an infantryman, he couldn't be too high up the chain of command.

Once the squads were made, some having an easier time than others, Commander Steinn stood before them once more with his sub-commanders. Hjalmar turned to the one that they were answerable to -- them, and nine other squads. Hemingr, who was one of King Siegfried's lesser veterans as he was amongst those that joined his army just before the Great Raid, and he was one of the few that hadn't left the army with his absurd wealth. Which told Hjalmar that he was either especially greedy, or a true believer.

"You are now a fighting squad. Each squad is answerable to your squad leader. From this moment onward, you will succeed and fail as a squad. Should one of you fail, you all will fail, and failure is unacceptable so it will be punished accordingly," Commander Steinn began, his voice carrying out. "Your squad leaders will decide your personalized training, while your troop leader will decide your troop training. However, I will tell you the absolute minimum you must do and I swear to the gods, if I find any of you doing the bare minimum I will choke the life out of you and bury your corpse with your head up your arse!"

There were a few chuckles that died in people's throats when they saw that the oath was made on his armring, meaning that it was an oath to Thor. It was no idle threat.

He proceeded to lay out their basic expectations, which were broken down by week -- five hours of sparring, ten miles ran, five hours in the training area lifting heavy stones and other exercises meant to build muscle. It was fairly light in comparison to what they had been up to until now. But things started to make more sense when they received the weekly training they would receive under Hemingr.

An additional five hours of sparring and formation training. Twenty-one miles, or three miles a day, ran -- sometimes with their arms and armor on. Then, an additional ten hours of physical training. Sometimes there would be group training with all the squads, other times there would be a rotation of groups of two or five.

Spread out each day, it amounted to roughly two hours of sparring, three miles ran, two hours of physical training. Which wasn't terrible. Not really. It was something he could get used to easily enough and it was nothing compared to working sixteen-hour days building the Kingsroad.

But that was where the squad leader's personal expectations came in. And Ulfar made his expectations very clear. Everything that could be doubled, would be.

Hjalmar accepted the news with the grace of a man whose execution had just been decided, understanding deep in his gut that he had bitten off far more than he could ever hope to chew. It must have shown because Trym nudged him.

"I forgot to ask -- you regret joining up yet?"

Hjalmar closed his eyes and swallowed his internal screaming. "You're hilarious, Trym. You really are."

…​

Days turned into weeks, and weeks into months. Fall turned into winter, with Yule passing by barely noticed as their training continued. The mild winter, which had felt like such a blessing, now felt like a curse. There was perhaps a week when the snow and chill were bad enough to call off outdoor training, which just meant that they did what they could indoors. It was relentless, with every single squad trying to outperform the others.

Hjalmar never quite got used to the demand on his body that only seemed to grow, always outpacing his ability to adapt to the harshness of the training. But he did adapt. The little fat that he had seemed to be stripped away, replaced with muscle. Sprints that used to take him out for a day could be managed within an hour, barely feeling like a warm up. Yet, things generally developed a rhythm to them. A painful rhythm, one that left him sore and collapsing into his bed when the day was done.

It was a rhythm that carried onward all the way to spring and the day that he had been longing for and dreading in equal measures.

"That's the King?" Hjalmar muttered, standing in formation, but one of many. He had a spear-axe in one hand, a shield in the other, while a padded gambisson covered him. He would have preferred armor, like that 'plate mail' that the veterans wore, but evidently that was something one had to earn by collecting iron from the battlefield.

"Aye, that's him. Impressive, hm?" Ulfar remarked to him in a low voice, looking up at the King as he emerged upon a platform that overlooked them all. "He lives up to his reputation. Believe me."

He looked like he did, Hjalmar agreed. He was massive, looming larger than life over them all with his blood red hair pulled back from his face while his equally red beard was cut short. Hjalmar couldn't see the legendary scar on his neck from where he was kissed by Fenrir, but he could see the pelt of Loki's child draped over his shoulders. Underneath it, he wore a full set of plate mail -- it covered his chest, stomach, arms and legs with a long skirt of chainmail ending at his knees. At his waist was the legendary sword Gram, a hand resting on it as he seemed to drink the sight in.

Hjalmar could only imagine what the view looked like. Twenty thousand men were arranged in armies of five thousand, each one possessing their own archers, scouts, and cavalry. The King seemed unfazed by such a sight, his intense blue eyes flickering over all of them as if it was all to be expected.

He wore no crown, for one was utterly unnecessary. No one could look upon King Seigfried and mistake him for anything but a king.

"For a year, you have prepared for this day," the King said at last, speaking to those that had been amongst the first to join rather than those like him, who'd waited until the last minute. "Your reasons are your own. Perhaps you seek glory and a saga. Perhaps wealth and prestige. Perhaps you are a believer in my dream of what our people can become and the future we shall build together. But, whatever your reason might be, one thing remains true -- you have sacrificed to stand here. You have sacrificed your blood, your sweat, and even your tears to be amongst my legions. The first of many, who shall unite our people."

King Siegfried didn't shout or scream. He didn't need to. He spoke loudly, and Hjalmar never could have imagined that twenty thousand people could be so silent. Even the birds and the waves that lapped at the shore they were arranged on seemed to wait and listen.

"Our enemies know that we are coming, as I have informed them. Some will resist. Some will surrender. However, all will submit, as you are my closed fist who will crush those who oppose us," King Siegfried continued, raising up a giant hand and closing it into a fist. There was a rumbling that swept over the armies, the image appealing to them. Hjalmar couldn't say that he was immune to it either.

He felt unbeatable. If he had to describe what he was feeling at that moment, then it was that -- he couldn't imagine that they would encounter an enemy that could best them. Not against the core of veterans who had followed King Siegfried into dozens of battles. Not when even the weakest recruits had trained and drilled relentlessly. Not when King Siegfried himself would lead them.

No, he couldn't imagine losing. Not any more than the Geats and the Swedes could possibly imagine winning against such a force.

"Let us begin the great conquest which will bind our people into one whole. Generals… begin boarding." King Siegfried finished his speech, and even as the armies began to move forward, they cheered.

Hjalmar found himself grinning as they approached the ship that would take them to new lands filled with possibility. And he knew… if nothing else, the next few years would prove interesting.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 644 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Life of a Soldier New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,625
"Is this the first time you've stepped foot in another land?" Trym asked Hjalmar as they finished the disembarkment into the land of the Geats. The trip over had been rather short, only taking a few hours, really, and only that long because the veterans had landed first to secure the landing site.

"Aye," Hjalmar admitted, his gaze sweeping over the busy landing sight just north of Sjaelland. There were forests. There were mountains. And, within them, he knew there would be enemies that watched them establish their beachhead. Trees were being felled, the entire forest being pushed back as fortifications were swiftly erected and the camp entrenched. It would serve as their launching point, and along the coast, three other armies would be making landfall to establish themselves in a similar manner in the coming days. "I thought it would be more… different."

"Nah. It's all part of the same realm," Trym replied, joining him as they watched the toil begin. "I imagine it all looks the same anywhere you go."

"That's not the story that I hear," Ulfar remarked, joining them with an eagerness glint in his eyes. "They say the Mediterranean is unlike anything we've ever seen. A land of constant summer, rich soil, and richer fools." Hjalmar certainly hoped so. The latter far more so than the others. No money was sweeter than easy money.

Then Ulfar clapped Trym on the back, "Come along, now. We serve at the King's leisure. I don't want to start the campaign getting punished for slacking," he said, baying for them to follow. Hjalmar watched him go for a moment before following along, swallowing whatever misgivings he might have had, knowing that Ulfar was right.

The man was still a mystery to Hjalmar, months after they became squadmates. He had mastered the art of talking without saying anything while dodging questions -- a true politician. It was something that bothered him, simply because…

Hjalmar's gaze drifted towards the center of the camp where the royal tent was placed. They had been brought under the army of the King himself. Rumors swirled that he only took the best of the recruits to follow him into battle personally, so they were marked as the recruits with the most potential. It was an… unexpected development. One that Hjalmar wasn't entirely certain was earned.

But those were concerns for another day. For now, he had a job to do and that was to set up their tent. They would share one with another squad, making it ten men to a tent with five tents erected with their troop. They were set up in neat lines, and in the time since his recruitment, he had learned more about the structure of the army.

At the very top, there was the general. Or, in this case, the King. Immediately beneath him were seven men -- four of whom were responsible for a thousand men each that comprised the infantry, one who led the scouts and archers, one who led the cavalry, and one more who oversaw the logistics of the army and camp followers. The infantry would further be broken down into leaders that each oversaw two hundred and fifty men, then leaders who oversaw fifty, and at the very bottom were the squad leaders.

When the army had to scale upwards for any reason, then each commander of five thousand men would be answerable to a Chief Commander.

That wasn't any of his concern, however. And it likely wouldn't be for quite some time, if ever.

His concerns started and ended with where he was instructed to march to and at the tip of his spear axe. How the campaign functioned didn't matter to him at this level, but he still found himself keeping an ear out for news and rumors. If only out of habit.

He learned that the camp followers would largely be left behind in the fort that was their camp, guarded by five hundred men. When they reached the end of the supply lines, they would be moved up to a new fort. Ulfar seemed particularly invested in that bit, claiming that the forts left behind would become the first of the towns they'd erect in the Geatlands. Hjalmar wasn't sure if he believed that, but he kept his coin close. Just in case.

The conquest itself… When Hjalmar had imagined it in his mind, he'd thought it would be a nonstop fight. That from the moment they landed, the Geats would contest them and make them pay in blood for every step they took. He imagined a massive battle, much like the one that had won King Siegfried his kingdom. And yet, in the days that followed their arrival in this land, that battle never materialized.

Instead, it was slower. Subtler.

Rangers would emerge from the forests, telling the leaders of the army where villages and towns were located. From there, the King would send forth bands of two hundred and fifty men out to the villages. Some were just a large family spread out to a handful of buildings, while others were villages several times larger. That band of two hundred and fifty men would then compel that village to bend the knee to King Siegfried.

Most did. Hjalmar and his troop had been sent out a dozen times over the course of two weeks, and not once did they have a village refuse. Some bent the knee with far more enthusiasm than others, but they all complied. Two and a half hundred warriors standing at your threshold was a fairly compelling argument, in the end.

That wasn't to say some didn't argue. There were sparse conflicts that erupted when a village tried to resist, and to those that did, King Siegfried came down like a hammer to flatten a stubborn nail. The villages were seized and those that lived there were dispersed. But, such occasions were rare. He'd only heard of it happening twice.

Which was how things fell into a steady rhythm. He never imagined that the conquest could be so… boring, or that it would leave them so much free time, but it did. Some of it was spent training so their skills didn't get rusty, or they would help maintain the camp itself. There was always a chore needing to be done after all, but many hands made light work. That left people looking to fill their time with other things, and gambling away their wages became a fast favorite.

It was in the mess hall turned gambling den that he heard the news as he slammed down a cup full of carved dice. "They're gathering up?" Hjalmar questioned, and he was joined by Lokar, who idly sipped at a tankard of ale while watching his pile of coin grow larger and smaller. "What are their numbers?"

"They aren't much. I heard it was a thousand of them," Gunnarr, a member of another troop replied, his face twisting when Hjalmar lifted the cup. A high roll, so he slid the coins on the table back to his pile. "Might be more, might be less. I just know that we're being sent out while the veterans are remaining behind."

A thousand men. There was a point in time that Hjalmar would have called that an unstoppable army.

"It's a chance to earn some steel," another playing the game of dice remarked as Hjalmar slid him the cup while placing a bet. On that, he didn't disagree.

The armor that the veterans wore was forged from the iron of defeated foes. To earn a complete set of that plate mail was said to take a dozen battles, and by the time you earned it, you were considered a tried and true veteran. An Ironclad warrior.That would be useful in itself as being a veteran was a mark of wealth and prestige at this point, but more importantly, Hjalmar wanted better armor to keep his insides inside of him.

"It's not a full mobilization, is it?" Hjalmar asked, earning a round of shrugs as the game continued. He lost the coin he bet, but he was still up from what he started with. The trick didn't change, no matter who he played. Lose a round often enough that no one thought anything of you walking away with just a bit more coin than you started with. Match every big win with a big loss, but never quite enough to wipe away the earnings.

"No," Lokar answered from the side. "Five hundred men."

Hjalmar stilled for a moment before casting Ulfar's shadow a glance. "How do you figure that?"

"Ulfar said so," Lokar shrugged, leaving it at that, but he wished he wouldn't. He wasn't sure what was up with the pair, only that they seemed to treat straight answers like a pox. More than that, it signified the divide between them. Lokar was in Ulfar's confidence, while Hjalmar was not. Which didn't really matter to him beyond the fact it would have been nice to learn that they might be facing an army twice their size.

"Well, did Ulfar say which five hundred sorry bastards are being put on the block?" He questioned, his tone testy. He swallowed a frown when Lokar just shrugged, his expression betraying nothing.

"The King doesn't like to battle unless he's outnumbered twice over, I've heard," Gunnarr said. That sounded about right given what he'd heard of his exploits himself -- gathering his enemies in Norway, taking on an army ten times his number at the Battle of Ravenfeast, and then the battle that won him the crown… Hjalmar tried to take comfort in the fact the King had won all of those battles, and hoped that he wouldn't be among the fallen that it took to win. "It's a glorious opportunity. The first real battle of the conquest. That's a tale that'll earn you drinks in every tavern for the rest of your life."

That, Hjalmar also couldn't disagree with. "Aye, but before you know it, half of Denmark fought in that battle if you believe everyone telling those tales." That earned a round of laughter as the game continued. They traded banter and bits of gossip or rumors before he decided to call it quits for the night, a slightly richer man.

As he left, Lokar followed. "You're good at that," he said, suddenly speaking up as they made their way through the fort. A palisade was placed on a defensive position, and after two weeks, the paths between tents were well trodden. "Cheating at dice, I mean."

Hjalmar didn't miss a step, "It's all in the wrist." He replied, pretending that his heart hadn't just tried to escape through his throat. "You noticed?"

"Only because I was watching for it," Lokar admitted, making Hjalmar scowl.

"Care to tell me why you were watching for it?" Hjalmar asked, suspecting he knew the answer.

"Ulfar told me to." Of course he did. Hjalmar reached up, massaging his temples and the added weight to his coinpurse suddenly didn't feel worth the trouble.

"I don't suppose he also told you why you should look for the signs?" Hjalmar sighed, feeling like he had been played. It wasn't a good feeling. It left him frustrated, coupled with a sensation of helplessness because he… really wasn't sure what to do. Or what Ulfar intended with the information.

"He wanted to know why," Lokar answered with refreshing honesty.

But for the answer… "Have you ever been so hungry that you ate grass just to fill your stomach?" He asked without looking back.

"... No," Lokar answered, and for the first time, his voice was more than a flat, almost bored cadence.

"If you had, then you wouldn't need to ask to understand," Hjalmar answered flatly, striding forward as he spat the memory of the taste out. Along with the memories of hunger pains so intense he doubled over… before they vanished entirely, along with his strength. So he had to crawl across the floor of the dirty hovel he grew up in towards a patch of grass, where he ate the grass, dirt, and insects within.

In this world, money was power, and the powerful wanted for nothing.

Hjalmar swore long ago that he would want for nothing. And it didn't matter how much he had to lie, cheat, steal, and kill to get there.

…​

Hjalmar quickly stopped pitying the poor bastards that would have the dubious honor of fighting in the first true battle of the conquest, largely because he turned out to be one of them. Though, thankfully, the swirling rumors that King Siegfried intended to face every battle with two to one odds, if not more, rang false. However, what was true was that he intended to match them.

A thousand men emerged from the fort, marching in a formation of ten across. In the days leading up to their departure, Hjalmar paid close attention to the formation of the division. One hundred Ironclad veterans. Seven hundred and fifty infantry. Fifty archers and scouts. A hundred horsemen. The army felt like a smaller version of the whole, which he supposed was the point.

There was a tension that formed a knot between his shoulder blades as they marched through the forests of Geatland and over the sweeping flatlands. It was just a rookie's fear, he knew, but that didn't make it any easier to bear. There was a part of him that was convinced that behind every tree was a Geat warrior or archer, who had their eyes set upon him in particular as he was on the outermost flank of the marching formation. Meaning if the scouts didn't do their job, he would die first.

He clutched at his spear axe with white knuckles, and adjusted his helm one more time. The only consolation was that they were marching with purpose. They weren't an army moving blindly through foreign fields anymore, but one moving towards a destination. A target, as if they were an arrow released from a bow. What wasn't a consolation was that no one seemed to agree on how many they would be facing.

Hjalmar heard rumors of as little as two hundred to as many as ten thousand. A thousand was the most consistent guess, but his mind tugged at the possibility that they were going to fight a battle outnumbered ten to one.

So, it was nothing less than a relief when they finally arrived at the battlefield, where the Geats awaited them.

"They're a comparable size to us," Hjalmar noted, seeing their formation in the distance. Meaning that they really were facing a thousand men. His gaze swept over them, seeing a lack of unity -- there were individual groups that stood apart from one another, but others mixed together in a formless mass of colored shields, bare bodies, and padded gambesons.

"Offense or defense?" Trym asked him, and Hjalmar gave it a moment of thought, looking at the terrain. The Geats had arranged themselves on the edge of a forest, which could be used to obscure their true numbers. But they were on the same flatlands as their army, so it was little advantage.

"... Defensive," Hjalmar predicted, as the army began to form ranks. The veterans, supported by recruits, would serve as their center. Meanwhile, his squad was placed on the left wing with a contingent of cavalry beyond them.

He was right, as it turned out, as the hundred camp laborers began on their task and that was to dig into the dirt before them, creating a trench that the Geats would have to cross to reach their battle line. Meanwhile, others began to cut down trees, giving the impression that their commander, a man of the name Gulbrandr, intended to build a fort in the middle of the flatland.

It was a provocation, Hjalmar realized when the Geats began to bristle, shouting taunts and challenges. Yet, the labor continued on undisturbed-- the trenches were dug, dirt piled high as an added obstacle, while trees were dragged into place. The Geats delayed their response for so long, Hjalmar feared that they wouldn't take the bait. But, eventually, they did.

"Shields up!" Came the order and as one, they layered their shields over one another to present a solid wall to the enemy. Meanwhile, those behind them raised their shields overhead, while those behind them did the same. Not long after, arrows and stone began to fall upon their formation. That prompted their own archers to step forward and take aim at the ranged troops that revealed themselves.

He watched as the arrows sailed forth with his eyebrows climbing high when he saw that nearly every single one struck its mark. Not all died, but Hjalmar imagined that they'd have difficulty pulling back a drawstring with one arm. The effect was immediate for the Geats -- fifty arrows had been let loose, and around forty of their ranged troops were hit. By the time the second volley came, they were already falling back, making most of the arrows miss.

Yet, their archers continued to shoot, arrows slipping into the gaps of their shield wall with cries piercing the distance between them. A decision had to be made, Hjalmar knew. He wasn't sure what he was hoping for, but he found himself strangely relieved when the Geat army began to march forward. Not because he had any eagerness to fight, but because he just wanted to get this over with. The tension between his shoulders felt as deadly as an axe.

"Brace!" He heard their commander shout out, and the shield was lowered and instead placed against his back, half pushing him in preparation of the pushback from the Geat army. His heart thundered in his chest, and he was sweating already as the Geats surged forth with a loud war cry, and he hoped desperately that the archers would manage to fell enough on the way over that there wouldn't even need to be a fight.

No such luck.

The Geats pressed on, their pace steady as they attacked in a large mass, their cohesion melting away with the march. It was almost strange to witness; it was so unlike anything he had seen before. It seemed so… strange. That, he supposed, was a testament to the training of King Seigfried's army, that he couldn't imagine charging across a field like a maddened beast.

His gaze locked onto a warrior who was at the fore of the army -- a large man wielding an axe, his chest bare while woad had been painted onto his face, chest, and arms. He was shouting the entire way, red in the face with a furious war cry spilling from his lips. Arrows seemed to miss him, even when they felled those around him, and despite the sea of people on both sides, it felt like their gazes met as he came straight for him.

Hjalmar forced himself to take a breath, readying himself for the initial clash. The Geats arrived, first climbing over the piles of dirt or pushing their way through one of the channel lanes, and when that man arrived, racing down the mound and into the trench, he struck.

The woad seemed spectacularly useless when the tip of his spear axe skewered him in the chest with a short jab. The warrior curled into himself, still swinging with his axe, but Hjalmar caught it with his shield and finished him off with a quick chop at the neck. The man fell into the ditch, soon vanishing from sight under the feet of those pushed over the mound.

He had no time to settle with the fact that he had killed a man for the first time, simply because the second soon followed. Then a third. His spear axe became slick with blood before he had to hand it off to the man behind him as the Geats made it up the trench with sheer numbers and the greater reach became useless. Instead, his hand went to the short sword at his belt and he began jabbing it forward at those who battered and clawed at his shield.

The battle just became noise at that point. People shouting, metal clashing -- He had absolutely no clue if they were winning or losing. He couldn't tell what everyone around him was doing. He didn't know if he was doing well or if he was making a fool of himself. He just knew that by the time he felt a tap on his shoulder, telling him it was time to cycle out with Trym, he had killed four men.

He pushed forward before Trym took his place and he made his way to the back of the line. His arms and legs felt strangely weak, and he eagerly accepted a cup of water from a camp follower. "How long have we been fighting?"

"It's been about five minutes," the servant said and Hjalmar nearly choked on his water. It had been that short? He felt exhausted, to the point someone could have told him that he'd fought for days and he'd believe it.

"How many did you get?" Ulfar's voice came from behind, his face bloodied but there was a grin there.

"Five. I think?" Hjalmar answered, and it was only then that the knowledge started to sink in. It wasn't like he came to the battlefield and expected to leave with clean hands, but… it was alarming how easy it was to kill a man. You just had to poke them in the right spot. And with that thought came an overwhelming desire for plate mail.

"Three," Ulfar said, also taking a cup and drinking deeply from it. "It's good that we were in the front. The ones that come after will have a harder time of it. Unless they catch someone with their back turned, of course."

Hjalmar glanced around, searching for a sign that they were winning, but he couldn't tell from where he stood. What he could see was that the line was still intact, and there didn't seem to be any panic. His gaze followed the runners who carried messages between leaders, relaying orders and information. He expected there to be some kind of… issue. He wasn't sure what, but he was preparing himself for a disaster. What kind, he couldn't even guess, but it would leave them on their back when the rug was pulled out from underneath them.

Perhaps that was why Hjalmar chose now of all times to ask a question that he had been wanting to ask for months, "Ulfar? Why are you here?" He asked, turning his gaze to the man, who cocked an eyebrow in response. "Really, because I can't make any sense of it. As far as I can tell, you're well connected. You got us put in the King's army."

To that, Ulfar offered a thin smile. "Not me," he corrected. "My father."

"Still, why serve as a foot soldier? If your father has that kind of influence…" Why not just put him in command of a group? Why make him a fresh-faced recruit of all things?

Ulfar snorted, and with refreshing honesty, he answered, "Because our king respects merit. It's only natural. He went from a farmer to a warrior to a king. He hides it well, but he has little respect or expectations for those who rise up merely because they have the right parents." Ulfar knocked back the rest of his water, "My father was one of the Jarls who was defeated by Horrik in the first rebellion, and fled to King Siegfried's wings to shelter there and hope to be restored to glory upon his return."

A thin smile tugged at Ulfar's lips, "So, if I wish a place beside the King and a position of any influence… I must prove myself worthy. Start from the bottom and work my way to the top. It'll be easier said than done, I imagine. Plenty of other wayward nobility have the same idea -- like Lokar's father. Same with men like you, who truly started with nothing and have an ambitious hunger." He acknowledged and Hjalmar frowned, glancing down at his cup for a moment before he drank the rest of it.

He hadn't looked at it like that, but it didn't really change anything for him. In the King's army, there was a clear path of progression unlike all the armies before King Siegfried. In them, if you were an exceptionally talented warrior, you could be recruited into a hird. You could become a huskarl. Maybe, you could be elevated to become a Thegn. But there were clear limits on how high you could rise.

That was no longer true with King Siegfried. A foot soldier could become a troop leader. A troop leader could become a division commander. A division commander could become a general. Leading troops was no longer exclusively tied to nobility or station. Meaning that it was a ladder that could be climbed by anyone.

"Good luck," Hjalmar said to him, handing the cup to a servant as a weight that he couldn't quite identify settled on his shoulders. It took a second for him to figure out why it was there in the first place -- those that he fought shoulder to shoulder with… they were also his competition for advancement. While he had no particular dreams of leading armies in the name of the King, he'd hardly refuse a promotion.

"And to you," Ulfar replied, inclining his head to him as they once more joined the line as the front walked back to be refreshed.

Hjalmar waited in the line that was five men deep, each front man fighting for five minutes before receiving what amounted to a twenty-minute break before they arrived at the front once more. He found himself almost refreshed by the time he was placed at the front of the line, alongside the rest of his squad as they fought in a line. And, it was because he was at the front, he got a great view of the battle being brought to a swift and brutal end.

He wasn't sure what had happened at first -- there were signs of panic coming from the rear of the Geats, and there was a strange noise in the air that almost sounded like thunder. But it was when he saw men on top of horses slamming into the back of the Geats, cutting through them like a knife, that he realized the battle had been won. Not because of any surrender given, but simply because he saw the fight bleed out of the enemy.

It didn't take but a few minutes more for surrender to come, but by that point, the fighting had already ended with individual fighters tossing down their weapons. Hjalmar watched the entire process with an air of disbelief, not so much feeling victorious as he was disbelief that it really was that easy.

Marching for a few days, standing for a few hours, and less than ten minutes of fighting.

"Huh," he muttered, watching the horsemen chase down the fleeing Geats, those who ran rather than surrendered. "That was a lot easier than I thought it'd be," he admitted to himself with a small shake of his head.

Well, no matter. Now, to grab some steel so he could start working on getting a set of armor that would keep his organs where they should be. A few axes wouldn't be enough to forge a set of plate mail…

But there would be many more battles to come.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 606 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Acknowledgment New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Sep 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,639
The conquest was off to a great start even by my standards -- there had been a steady stream of skirmishes across Geatland and Sweden to test my recruits' mettle. Small armies were allowed to gather from bands of Karl's or Thegns, and they were met with equal force. Each time, my men emerged victorious due to superior tactics, arms, and armor. Though, the victories didn't come without cost.

There were losses. Recruits who lost limbs or lives. Such was the nature of war that no victory was entirely bloodless. But, without fail, once the recruits started to gain experience in battle, the losses took a sharp downturn. One part of it was that the recruits gained valuable experience, as there was no amount of training that could truly substitute for experience in battle. Another part was the fact that the recruits were starting to forge their armor to become 'Ironclads', as people had taken to calling my veterans.

The forges were working day and night to hammer out the iron of the fallen enemies' weapons, turning it into chainmail and plate armor. The chainmail came first, then the cuirass, followed by pauldrons, gauntlets, and then the legs. There was a substantial backlog for the pieces, enough to outfit some ten thousand of my warriors, but it was my hope that by the time we were ready to begin the next phase of the conquest, the important parts would be done.

In a more general sense, the conquest was right on schedule. Every village or town that my warriors brought into the fold expanded my Map of the territory, as did the findings of my Rangers. The fort that we initially landed at had already become a budding town that people had taken to calling Stíga -- the first step of the conquest. It would pair well with Miklagard.

Stíga was a natural drawing point for the Geats that submitted easily to my rule. The town swelled to around five thousand people over the course of a few months, but I was intent on dispersing them as fast as they came. As with every village and town that submitted to me, my Map was expanded.

Fertile land was revealed and marked out to me, but more importantly, so too were the ore deposits across Geatland and Sweden. Denmark, comparatively, was quite poor when it came to ore. There were some deposits, but nothing of note. At least, not in comparison to what the newly conquered lands had to offer.

Both Geatland and Sweden were rich in ore of all kinds -- iron, copper, silver, and even gold. The deposits weren't in small amounts, either. Men could toil beneath the earth in the realm of the dwarves for a dozen generations and not manage to extract all of the wealth. That ore and mineral wealth was something I immediately capitalized on, as it was upon those resources that the next phase of my plans were built.

Additionally, there was a significant amount of fertile soil to work with -- though given the sheer size of the landmass, it was relatively small as well as dispersed, but if cultivated properly then Geatland and Sweden would be entirely self-sufficient when it came to food production. But, perhaps one of the most important resources that the new territories possessed were wood and amber.

Amber, amongst my people, was something of value but nothing compared to the value it had in lands far beyond our shores. It was a trade good that could be sold in any market in the world for a great price, and that was something of value to me once the trade routes down to the Mediterranean were up and running -- be it overseas through Hispania, or down the Dniepir River through Bulgaria and the Black Sea.

Timber, however, had a special place in my future plans. Not every building could be built with concrete or granite. The great forests of the territories, rich with game, would help build the future homes for my citizens.

However, there was good reason why most of these resources hadn't already been discovered or tapped into. Some of them were in isolated places, such as highlands in the mountains or located far away from any soil that could support anything more than a small village. There was a degree of infrastructure that needed to be in place to take advantage of the resources that just weren't there when there were only local Jarls and village leaders.

The first of the mining villages were laying down their roots, and in the coming years, they would become towns. Towns filled with the dispersed and defeated from battles yet to come. A road network would connect them, but constructing it would be a much taller task than the one that connected Denmark by the sheer fact that the lands were a magnitude larger. It would be a project that would last no less than a decade, which was why the foundation needed to be laid as fast as possible.

The framework that I'd developed in Crete was being expanded upon -- the villages would be settled on various resources to create a network that would steadily funnel goods towards the initial towns that would be born from the forts built upon our landing. The coast had been scouted extensively before our invasion, and I chose four locations that were ideal landing points and for future cities as the Baltic was going to be the centerpiece of my empire.

The villages and towns had the added benefit of dispersing the resisting elements that grit their teeth at our occupation. Historical enemies found themselves in the same village, intermixed with neutral Geats and Danes -- it would make it difficult for any potential rebellion to get its legs underneath it, just as the natural isolation would make it difficult for the rebels to organize.

It was an isolation I would look to maintain for some time, at least until I could further dilute their animosity with settlers from other regions of Scandinavia. But, to make the disbursement effective, there was one other thing I needed to do.

"They've given up fighting us on the open field?" I mused, looking over my Map as I marked the areas where reports of ambushes and raids were at their worst. In the handful of months it had been since our arrival, we had made steady progress on all fronts. There were a hundred skirmishes that happened across the frontline of my conquest of varying sizes. And, while every victory bled the willingness to fight from both the Geats and the Swedes, there were some who were clinging on to the hope that if they proved troublesome enough we would simply leave.

It was a misguided attempt. Stubbornness and denial in their truest forms. But, one couldn't survive in a land this harsh without being at least a little stubborn. So, the small bands of a dozen or even less struck out where they could -- burning supplies, ambushing patrols, and slitting the throats of my men while they slept. It was a trickle of defiance. One that barely slowed our advance. But I was intent on snuffing out the embers of rebellion before they could find some tinder and become a flame.

My answer to dealing with them was two-fold -- first was to undercut whatever rallying message that the rebels attempted to spread. Surpluses of grain and other foodstuffs were given freely; the spoils taken from the citizens were light compared to the nobility and wealthy, there were no mass slaughters, and there were no tearing down their ways of worship. Without reason to join the bands of resistance, with every engagement, their numbers would further dwindle until they became entirely defunct, either by being killed or simply abandoning the fight.

The second was to actively pursue and snuff out the bands of resistance. It would be done in several ways -- capturing members of the gangs and getting them to turn on their fellows, bribing villagers to pretend to be on their side and lure them into traps, planting traitors into their mix, or offering them tempting targets to lure them out and tracking where they returned to. It would take some time, years possibly, but when combined with all of my other projects to solidify my conquest, I was certain that the rebellious elements would die off. It was just a matter of when.

With the areas marked on my Map, I leaned back into my seat and ran a Simulation on it -- one aimed at discovering the rough location of where the bands were located. The Simulation was run a hundred times, following the estimated path that they would have taken to reach a location. Once the Simulations were done, I had a 'heat map' of activity with the red spots on it being the most likely points of their hideouts.

It wasn't something that I would be able to do every time. As King, there were going to be a great many matters that demanded my full attention, and I wouldn't even be able to give them that. Which was why building organizational frameworks to handle tasks such as these was so important.

"Send for Athrun," I instructed a servant from behind a cloth sheet as I marked the map made of parchment before me. I heard his footsteps walk away as he rushed to obey the order. It was minutes later that Athrun emerged from the makeshift office of my tent, dressed in his Ranger attire. "These are the most likely sources. I can't promise that each will be a hit-"

"It's a start, Your Grace," Athrun interjected with a small, curt nod when I passed him the map. His gaze flickered over it for a moment before he offered another nod. "Some can be nipped in the bud with general patrols, but a few of these… There are a lot of places to hide in the mountains. I'll send some of my best."

"Ivar, was it?" I ventured, knowing that was one of the Rangers that Athrun favored. I knew of him more because his sister had caught the eye of Morrigan as a potential spy.

"He has potential. He's not there, yet -- leadership skills need work, but the potential is there," Athrun said, knowing what I was considering him for. The Rangers were as much Athrun's creation as they were mine, as they were designed to tackle a prevalent problem that persisted in all my plans for the future. Namely how remote and sparsely populated Scandinavia was.

In the Mediterranean, you couldn't walk an hour without passing by a house, a farm, or a village. It felt like every inch of the ground had been cultivated extensively, even if I knew that to be an exaggeration. However, in Geatland or Sweden, one could walk for days without seeing another person. There were forests in these lands that were larger than the entirety of Denmark.

The Rangers were meant to be the policing force for these vast stretches of wilderness -- hunting dangerous animals, tracking bandits, and the like. They doubled as scouts into enemy territory, spies, and investigators. But, as the organization found its footing, it became clear that the number of people who covered everything we wanted the organization to be were few and far between.

We had three hundred to begin with, and that was only after we lowered our overall standards.

It became incredibly evident that we would need to divide some of the responsibilities by essentially creating a second branch of the Rangers -- one that operated domestically, where the other operated abroad in foreign kingdoms. Athrun had the latter covered, as he had always led my scouts.

The former, however, needed someone else to lead it, and Ivar was a strong contender.

"I'll give him a few men and give him free rein in how to handle them," Athrun decided, and I nodded, accepting that.

It was my hope that once established the internal branch of the Rangers would be able to take over the role that I just filled -- internal investigations, pinpointing where bandit dens were located, and anything else I might need of them as a domestic policing force.

Rolling up the map, Athrun set it aside before taking something out of a satchel at his waist. "The reports are a bit early, but we have some initial findings from across the Baltic." I was eager to take them from his hands and read through them.

They were in line with my expectations. "My conquest has become real to them," I summarized the initial reaction of the various Jarls and petty kings that bordered the Baltic Sea. The defeated mercenaries had spread my intentions far and wide, but I had still felt like a distant threat. Now, however, after only a few months, both Geatland and Sweden had fallen to me. The rest of the year would be spent securing our grip on the new territories, but come spring…

"They're fortifying," Athrun voiced, and I nodded.

"They've convinced themselves that they would fare better than the Geats and Swedes," I said, turning a page. "It's what I hoped to see. The first two kingdoms were always going to be the easiest. They're sparsely populated and spread out. The other side of the coast is far more densely populated in a much smaller area. They'll make marriage alliances, build fortresses, and unite in the hopes of defeating us."

Which would make their subsequent defeat easier to arrange.

All the more so because I didn't intend to allow them to unify without end, Germania, at its height, had been able to rebuff the Romans at their zenith. I wasn't so arrogant as to believe that I could outdo the Romans when I fielded armies a fraction of their size. Already, the grounds for future conquests were being seeded.

Assassinations, inflaming old rivalries, bribes -- anything that I could think of. I wanted the lands across the Baltic to be unified but fractured. I wanted to know where exactly I had to strike to ensure that whatever alliances they made shattered like glass when I arrived. It would be delicate, but easier to arrange than one would suspect. Because just as many dreaded my arrival, there were those who saw opportunity. If not to advance their family's standing, then to spite old enemies.

All of it, I knew, was being facilitated while I was conquering away alongside Astrid. Jill was scouting out the various Jarls and clan leaders who were amenable to bending the knee through diplomacy. Jasmine, however, was building up a network along the coast through merchants -- the selling of goods helped convince those who were uncertain of my rule that they could stand to benefit… which would further inflame tensions between them, as there were few things that people hated more than seeing an enemy doing well.

All the while, Morrigan was watching the various leaders and mapping out the tangled knot of allegiances, feuds, blood debts, and common interests.

The next phase of the conquest wouldn't be so easy, but I was confident that we were well prepared for it. And if we weren't yet, then come next year, we would be.

"Your Grace," a servant spoke up, "It is time for the award ceremony."

It was time for that already? "Very well," I said, setting the reports down and standing up. Giving Athrun a nod, he bowed his head and fell in step behind me as we left my tent. Our secondary fort location was another point that would one day become a town. A natural hub where the various resources would pass through to the coast one way or another. Until then, it acted as a stronghold for the area that projected our power across the local clans and territories.

It was located at the top of a rolling hill, one of many throughout the area. A palisade and earthwork were already erected, making the location unassailable by the local populace. It was a pattern that I knew was being repeated across the two territories by Astrid, Krum, and Olek. In a dozen years, it was my hope that the sparsely populated land would become thriving kingdoms.

But, before all of that, I had to award those who had made these victories possible.

Stepping outside of my tent, I was greeted with frigid air. The cold was reluctant to loosen its grip on this land -- spring came late and winter came early. I'd give it another few months before the snow came down in force. As I left my tent, my sigh was revealed when I caught sight of a handful of men. One in particular was an irritation similar to having something stuck between my teeth that wasn't so easily dislodged.

"Thegn Hastings," I greeted the man, and there was screaming in his eyes as he heard the title. He had been a Jarl some years ago, before his defeat and fleeing Denmark to my banner. "I am on my way to give accommodations to our brave warriors -- your son among them."

His intentions were plain as day when he had his eldest son placed in my army, but at the lowest level. A common foot soldier so he may rise through the ranks with merit and, I imagine, some help from his father. I didn't exactly disapprove either as, by all accounts, Ulfar was a natural leader and a man of means. It was certainly better than fools attempting to ensure that their sons received officer positions. That, and I was rather uncertain about having my standing army be connected to political structure other than my own power base.

Hastings smiled, "Allow me to accompany you, my king -- I'm quite proud of my boy, and I would wish to be there when he receives his due honors." He said, as if he hadn't already been planning to follow me or that him waiting here was anything less than an ambush.

It was unfortunate that he was clever enough to land on his feet. I didn't care much for the man, even as I nodded, accepting his presence in my retinue. He was the exact kind of leader that I'd attempted to weed out of my ranks, but his time with me in the Mediterranean had made him rich. Rich enough to become someone of note in the new order that I was building.

I didn't feel any remorse for his fall from nobility. Simply because I knew he hated me as much as I disliked him. Yet, it was the nature of politics that kept us both polite as we walked to a constructed platform that overlooked what would one day become a market square. There, several hundred warriors that had earned some level of distinction stood. I saw many of them had already earned their helms and chainmail, with a few even collecting the first pieces of their plate armor, even if they weren't the most practical of pieces.

They stood straighter at my arrival, their gazes full of wonder and expectation. When I came to a stop at the center of the stage, I swept my gaze over them. Then, I began, "Months ago, I stood before you and proclaimed you to be worthy of being called warriors of Denmark. In the time since -- you have fought. You have bled. You have killed… and some of you have lost friends. With your actions and your courage, you have proven me right -- you are worthy of the honor, and you honor me with your service."

Rewards for military service had a range -- there were monetary rewards, which were quite common and something I freely practiced. The fact of the matter was that most men fought for riches. Or, rather, what those riches and the prospect of becoming rich could do for them. But there was also a soldier's pride to consider. Honor and glory were their own rewards, and without them, there was no hope of impressing the gods enough the Valkyries would take notice of your death. But a distant honor in death couldn't sustain a man.

Warriors wanted to know that their valor and sacrifice were seen. Acknowledged and honored by those that lead them into battle, to kill and be killed.

That was the core of this ceremony -- telling them that we saw their deeds and that we were thankful. It also had the dual purpose of motivating others to one day receive the same honors.

My speech continued, commending their bravery and sacrifice. Their reasons for being here varied. Some had performed acts of bravery, some had unusually high reported kills that could be verified by witnesses, others had distinguished themselves with exemplary service. When the speech wound down, I called them up -- sometimes as individuals, but most of the time an award was bestowed upon the unit or squad as a whole.

The process lasted hours, with words of praise being given to everyone worthy of merit. It was towards the tail end of the ceremony that Hastings' son rose to the stage with his squad of five. Ulfar was around my age, as was the rest of his squad, with the exception of one who was a few years older.

Ulfar was what every Norseman wanted their son to grow into -- large, strong, and handsome. He wore the same kind of smile that his father did, and it might be petty of me, but I found myself disliking him for it. Still, I pushed that aside and presented the squad with a token that represented the award itself -- five raven feathers made out of silver. That way, if they'd rather sell the honor, they'd get a decent price for it.

However, as I presented the token to each member in turn, one of them in particular caught my eye. Sandy blonde hair and dark blue eyes, handsome enough with a bit of scruff around his face that told me he preferred to keep his beard short. Appearance-wise, he wasn't that interesting, but it was in the manner that he looked at me.

It felt arrogant to think, and it undoubtedly was, but since my return to Denmark and claiming the throne… I had come to expect a degree of reverence in people's gaze when they met me. Even when someone disliked me, it was still there, simply because my deeds had made me larger than life for most.

The warrior before me looked like he was judging how heavy my coin purse was and if it was worth the risk to swipe it from me.

"And your name, warrior?" I asked him, and he blinked, suddenly wary, like I had caught him doing something wrong.

"...Hjalmar, my king," he answered and I clasped forearms with him, a slight grin tugging at the corners of my lips.

"I have high expectations for you," I told him, and I nearly laughed at the sense of dread that filled his gaze when I clapped him on the shoulder and ushered him along.

He reminded me of Hadi. So, if nothing else, he had an interesting future ahead of him.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 630 others
Ideas-Guy
Sep 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Convincing Arguments New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,663
Each of my kingdoms needed a different approach to solidify my rule over them. In Denmark, the kingdom was small enough in terms of landmass that Miklagard and the kingsroad were enough evidence to support my claims that the changes I offered would strengthen our people and make life easier. They were examples that I could point to for all to see and it was impossible for them to go unseen.

That approach would not work for Geatland and Sweden. The people there were too dispersed. The most generous estimate to complete my desired road network was five years. The more realistic estimate, considering I would also be constructing a dozen other projects, was ten. But, in my experience, there hadn't been a single construction project that hadn't gone over budget or managed to be completed by the estimated deadline -- so my personal estimation of when it would actually be finished was closer to fifteen years. Long enough for a babe to grow into a man, hearing of my promises all their life and seeing nothing of the supposed prosperity I was meant to bring.

They needed something more immediate. Something that would address their urgent concerns, and there were few things that concerned the Geats and Swedes more than winter.

Denmark was a harsh land, but it seemed to be a paradise in comparison to what the Swedes in particular were forced to contend with. Spring came late and winter always came early, making widespread farming difficult. Most turned to raising grazing animals to slaughter for their meat and fishing. Winter itself seemed colder, with brutal icy winds that could freeze a man's blood in his veins, though I wasn't sure what could be the cause of it given that Norway was at the same elevation and it wasn't quite as harsh.

The solution I offered to combat the harsh season?

New houses.

The Geats and Swedes weren't fools, of course. They had built homes that were well insulated to keep out the chill while retaining the heat within. However, because they'd already found what worked, they didn't innovate -- they couldn't, in their mind. Changing what worked could mean death. Would mean death, because if the so-called innovations didn't work, then not only would it kill the man who took the risk, but his entire family. Winter was deadly enough that no one dared to take any risks.

Which posed something of a challenge -- how do I convince such risk avoidant people to take a risk so that I can convince them that their lives will improve under my rule?

The answer was quite simple.

I didn't give them a choice in the matter.

The defeated were taken as thralls, forcibly dispersed across the two kingdoms, and ordered to build the homes that they would be living in. They built the villages that were located nearby important and strategic resources, intermixed with migrants that were incentivised through financial gain and a tax break. Come winter, they would dwell in the buildings, and when they survived it, then others would be more willing to take the risk since it wasn't a blind risk anymore, with those taken as thralls having earned their freedom.

Word would spread, and I could focus my efforts on rebuilding the scattered villages and towns.

It was another project whose length would be measured in decades before it was complete. But it would be time well spent, as the building would be the initial proof to convince the people of these lands of my intentions as well as make living here a bit more survivable. Which, in turn, would allow for a larger population.

Then would come the same things I intended for Denmark -- monuments, cities, development. All the things that would allow us to endure the tide that was coming in Francia.

"I'm not the only one who has been busy," I noted, speaking to the wind on top of a balcony that I stood on, looking off into the direction of Francia. As much as my attention was consumed by my rapid conquest of Geatland and Sweden, I made sure to keep an eye on my most dangerous neighbor's progress with his own quest of unification.

It had been about two years since Charlemagne's quest began, starting with that meeting in Rome. It had been a year and a half since I took the crown of Denmark.

In that time, Charlemagne had made strides to officiate the unification. His efforts to conquer Hispania were still underway, but scaled back in favor of pushing towards the Roman border through Illyria and the Magyars. Rome, meanwhile, had continued to pacify Bulgaria even as they built up their military for a push into the Abbasids.

The alliance between their two empires was formalized, yet the betrothal had yet to be announced. Charlemagne sought to ease his people into the unification, but word must have spread as Charlemagne was already facing rebellions here and there. Which led to him further tightening his grip and centralizing his authority, which caused more rebellions as nobles felt their rights slipping between their fingers and feared the oncoming changes.

I imagined that I'd had a hand in those rebellions -- the humiliation I inflicted upon Charlemagne in Hispania had left its mark, more so than any defeat. His star had lost some of its luster, proving that he wasn't perfect and that he could be defeated and even humiliated like any other man. Watching Charlemagne endure the unintended ripples from my actions made me keenly aware of the fact that we had built our kingdoms on the very same foundation. Meaning, the problems that he currently faced could very well plague me in the future.

Something I had no doubt that he was aware of, and I didn't doubt for a second that he wanted to repay me for the humiliation I gave him.

Yet, despite the setbacks that Charlemagne endured, the unification of the West and Eastern Roman Empire was making progress. There were marriages to bind their nobility, there were trade deals, and there were talks and councils in Rome on the next steps to truly bind their nations together diplomatically, economically, and militarily. As well as how to deal with the problems that were cropping up -- such as rebellious vassals, fearful merchants, and wary citizens.

A restored Rome was still a dream decades in the making, a far-off goal in the distance, but the Frankish King was marching towards it with every intention of reaching it.

It was a bit inspiring, if I was being perfectly honest. Certainly motivating, at the very least.

There was other news from the lands I had left behind -- Hadi had pressed Charlemagne hard by all accounts. How successful he was varied by who was telling the rumor, but what was consistent was that Hadi had claimed the western and northern coast of Hispania. Which boded well for my future plans. Comparatively, there was quite little said about Hoffer, which led me to believe that he was still consolidating his territory.

The one piece of news I did hear was months old, and it was that Hoffer had rebuffed an attempt to seize Norland. Irene evidently anticipated something of my gambit of leaving the territory in an ally's hands rather than earnestly returning it to Rome, but whatever precautions she'd made weren't enough. Hoffer still controlled the town, and he was still holding the island kingdom. And, come the end of my rapid conquest, I expect he would have more recruits than he knew what to do with from the hot-blooded youths I would send to him, eager to make their fortune.

"Your Grace," I heard a servant- Ulf - speak up. "A representative of the Sami has arrived." He informed, and I hummed, still looking out into the sea. I knew of the representative, as Krum had written to me about him and what he wanted. He'd arrived at an auspicious time.

"They let him through?" I asked, faintly amused, curious as to what they could he could accomplish.

"They did," Ulf confirmed with a wry grin in his voice. He saw the same opportunity that I did. And that opportunity was a show of force. After all -- seeing was believing. "Shall I send for him?"

"No need. I'll get him myself," I decided, tearing my gaze away from the sea and heading indoors from the balcony that offered a fantastic view of the sea and the harbor. From where I stood, I could even see Miklagard. In particular, I could see the great lighthouse that was being constructed to welcome ships to its harbor.

Ulf bowed his head to me, visibly swallowing a comment that such a thing was beneath a King. Largely because it meant arguing with a king. Or, perhaps, he was clever and chose to pick his battles. I suppose I would see, provided that Ulf earned my trust, which he had yet to do regardless of what shade of blue he glowed with True Sight.

Stíga had developed nicely in the odd few months that it had been since we arrived and built the fortress turned city. It, and several other cities along the coast, took the overflow of migrants to Miklagard. My capital was still growing according to my plans, but the more it prospered, the more tempting it was in the eyes of my people to take the risk and travel there to find new opportunities.

While I could offer much, opportunities weren't endless, but rather than leave the migrants discouraged or bitter, I redirected them to other opportunities. This helped solidify my control over the territories, as my fellow Danes were more naturally disposed to me, and I further proved myself as an able ruler.

Stíga was still rough by my standards with dirt roads and timber buildings, but the bones of a great city were being shaped. It was almost a shame that it would be stuck in the shadow of Miklagard due to their closeness, as Stíga was also in an ideal location for a city on the strait into the Baltic Sea.

As things were, the inner citadel had a stone wall that was piled high, with the citadel itself also made of stone. The outer wall, however, was a wooden palisade that would one day become a stone wall. But, that would be a project for the future, and as things were, it wasn't particularly needed.

Striding the halls of what would one day be the Jarl's longhouse, I entered the throne room to find the man who was visibly impatient right up until he saw me. He immediately straightened, clasping his hands together over his fur cloak adorned with a silver pin with a gemstone embedded in it. He was an older man, one whose beard was touched with gray and white at the temples, but he still seemed strong.

"King Wolfkissed," He greeted me with a polite bow of his head. The Sami accent was a unique one. Enough so that he felt the need to bring a servant to help translate his words. All of Scandinavia spoke Norse, at least broadly speaking. Though listening to a Finn speak Norse felt a great deal like hearing a foreign language that I didn't understand beyond the occasional word.

"Jarl Aimo," I greeted him, making his eyebrows climb that I managed the same accent. "Walk with me," I ordered easily, heading to the front door that was pushed open for me. The jarl hesitated for a moment before doing as ordered. "I take it you are not here to offer your people's surrender?"

"... No, King Wolfkissed," Aimo answered, his tone decidedly neutral. "We are a proud people. Our knees do not bend so easily. What we seek from you is… peace."

He wasn't the first jarl or thegn or village elder to try to find an alternative to the options I presented them with: Submit, or fight and be defeated before submitting. One's independence wasn't something so easily relinquished. I understood that. It was also why I refused to grant alternatives, simply because if I did it once, then that would create a precedent for others to argue for similar treatment.

"Do you speak for all of the Sami?" I asked him as we continued to walk, and I could tell that the question bothered him. Though, I wasn't quite sure why -- it could be a sore point, or it could be a hint of internal strife.

"I do not," Aimo admitted. "My tribe is amongst the largest of our people, however, and I have been entrusted to be the voice and representative of our people as a whole." That sounded like an over exaggeration to my ears, but even if it was half true, that was still something that I could work with.

As we talked, we passed beneath the stone gate, and his gaze lingered upon it. Marveling at its construction. I knew all too well what he felt looking upon it -- I imagine he felt like he had stepped into an entirely new Realm.

The Sami people were semi-nomadic, relying on fishing and following reindeer herds for food. They traveled in a cycle to various tried and tested locations throughout the year, settling for brief amounts of time before moving on. Unlike the Norwegians or Swedes, they didn't carve out a place to settle and plant roots. They lived on sleds pulled by reindeer and in tents rather than buildings of wood and stone.

"Where are we going?" He asked me as we continued down the dirt roads leading towards the gate.

"There would be little point in repeating myself. I'll speak to you both at the same time, so you don't need to pass my words on," I said, and Aimo stilled, realizing that I knew why he had been allowed to pass into the city. Walking up the steps of the palisade, I emerged into full view of the small army encamped outside my city.

It was an army of three hundred Geats led by a man named Danr. A man in his early twenties who was something of an unexpected but welcome surprise. The Geat army had avoided confrontation with my scattered armies, recruiting from various resistance movements, and chose to strike right at the heart of the whole affair -- me. They believed, rightly so, that with my death the invasion would falter, ending my conquest at its first steps.

They were preparing for an assault on my city, creating ladders and a ram with swiftness, knowing that messages would have gone out to the nearby armies that would send detachments to crush them. They kept a close eye on the city as well, and for that reason, my arrival did not go unnoticed. It didn't take Danr long to reveal himself -- he was tall and lanky, but he moved sure footedly, yet cautiously.

He approached the palisade with a handful of archers, all who were ready to draw and fire at me. When he came to a stop, he narrowed his eyes before inclining his head, "King Siegfried," he greeted me politely. "You do not strike me as the type to offer a surrender so easily."

"You would be correct," I said, returning the respectful nod. Danr had potential because, as far as anyone could tell me, there wasn't a drop of noble blood in his veins. Yet, he was charismatic and convincing enough to organize a resistance. And clever enough to understand that the body would die if he took my head.

"You have been described to me as a wise king," Danr spoke, "So, you must see the wisdom in surrendering. I have watched your armies and this city -- you don't have more than a hundred warriors inside."

"I have less than fifty," I corrected, making his eyes narrow. "My honor guard that my wife Astrid insists upon. I do, however, have a trained guard force of around a hundred men, but they are not tried and tested warriors."

"Why do you tell me this?" Danr asked, his lips pressing into a thin line that betrayed his apprehension.

"I believe you to be a clever man, Danr. You tell me," I replied. He held my gaze for a moment before he spoke, uttering the words with a grimace.

"Because it does not matter if you do," he ventured correctly.

"I am in this city, thus you will not take it. Nor shall you take my head with such few numbers," I uttered with a sense of finality, even if I wasn't entirely sure if the words were true. I theorized how I would fight a hundred men, but I had never put that theory into practice. "I am willing to give you the chance to take it, however. How many men would it take to convince you to settle this conflict in a duel?"

Danr barked a laugh, "If half of what I hear about you is true, King Siegfried, then facing you with anything less than a hundred men is foolish."

"If you are convinced it will take a hundred men to fight me alone, then why bother fighting me at all?" I asked, tilting my head at him.

"Honor," he answered instantly, but, more honestly, he continued with, "Pride. You have come to our home and forced yourself upon us. We are not so weak willed that our spines will bend even when your heel is upon our throats."

I'd anticipated that much. It was what the Rangers were created to deal with, and to that end, Danr had made crushing the resistance easier by gathering them up when my Rangers started to snuff out the individual bands. I was of half a mind to simply let them assault the city, lure them into a trap and cutting them all down at once. But, I refrained for one simple reason -- Danr could be worth recruiting to my banner.

He was clever. Now it was time to see if he was wise.

"In that case, I have something to show you," I said, and that seemed to throw him off. "It's outside of the city, some few miles out. Do I have your word that neither I nor Jarl Aimo would be harmed?"

I could see the revelation happen in his eyes. The others traded glances of disbelief -- a fool, they thought me. After all, what kind of man would willingly trust their word? What kind of man would put himself in that position? A fool, a mad man, or… someone who had nothing to fear.

Someone who could be surrounded by hundreds of men who wanted him dead and could move among them with the certainty that they could not kill them. That if it truly was a fight… that he would win.

That confidence scared him. Terrified him, more like. I saw him swallow thickly as the revelation that I didn't perceive them as a threat settled on his shoulders with physical weight. He made a gesture to silence his fellows before he found his voice, "... You have my word, King Siegfried."

"Good," I said before looking at a handful of guards. "Open the gate," I ordered easily. Though, the expression that I received roughly translated to 'I will. And I will also make sure your wife hears about this.' But that was a battle to be fought another day. Jarl Aimo followed me with obvious hesitation, and I think it also started to sink in for him what he was contending with.

A reputation was a powerful thing and a deadly tool to use in the right hands. Provided that it was unmarred and untainted… a battle could be won before it had even been fought.

I strode through the gates without fear, though accepting a humble guard of ten warriors. Danr meet me, and while the others regarded me with open hostility, he eyed me much like one would a boar you were trapped in a cage with. "Where to, King Siegfried? I am quite curious what could possibly convince us to abandon this fight and accept your boot on our necks."

"This way," I ushered them forward without fear. I could sense the tension in my wake, the temptation for them to strike, but Danr had a remarkably tight grip on his people. Enough to stay their hand, if for a short period of time. And, as we walked, I began to speak, "Jarl Aimo -- I'm curious, what do you fear about my arrival?"

He wasn't expecting to be addressed, but he gave the moment a few seconds of pondering before answering. "We fear the death of our ways. Our traditions. That you will build these cities and villages where they do not belong, and that will condemn our people to a slow death. One where we must become like you to survive."

"A reasonable fear," I admitted. "But I believe that in your fear, you haven't considered how your people can benefit," I said, making his brow furrow.

His concerns weren't wrong, and… I strongly suspected that even with concentrated effort to preserve their way of life, they would be condemned to a slow death. Simply put… the life of a nomad was harsh. Life in the city was easier. And who didn't want an easy life?

I imagine their young would grow up hearing tales of cities or visiting them on occasion. It would capture their imagination, and they would ask themselves, 'why don't we live there?' Especially when they fell upon hard times, when hunger or disease set in. Some would leave, and provided that they were successful, it would encourage others to follow suit.

It would be a slow death that happened over centuries, I imagine. The nomadic tribes would dwindle, even if I doubted that they would ever truly go away. Simply because I had a number of ways to foster a mutually beneficial relationship with the nomadic tribes of the Sami.

"How?" He asked sharply, but I would rather let him see proof rather than convince him with words.

I dodged the question for a time, walking along a dirt trail before we arrived at our destination. It was the edge of a cliff, overlooking one of the first villages that were being built around the peripheries of Stíga. Both Aimo and Danr visibly didn't know what to make of what they were seeing.

It was a Mylluhús, as many had taken to calling it, or a grind-house. It was twelve water mills essentially stacked on top of one another down the side of a steep hill. The top ones received water, which turned the water wheels, which then had the water flow into a pair that were below it. The cycle repeated four more times before the water reached a reservoir that was pumped up to the initial source of water with a poloemy pump that was powered by a second water wheel.

"In each house, there is a mill that grinds grain to turn it into flour to bake bread. Fully manned, it can produce five tons of flour in a single day. Enough to bake six and a half thousand loaves of bread," I informed with some pride. I had scoured the Imperial University in Rome for ways to address a fundamental problem that Scandinavia had, and likely always would have.

Our low population.

Even unified and with all the quality of life improvements that would see our population grow, I couldn't ever see us matching a unified Rome in sheer numbers. So, the answer was to use technology to allow a smaller number of people to do as much, if not more, work as Rome could with a larger workforce.

"When combined with our preexisting farming innovations, we can feed everyone in Denmark, Geatland, and Sweden three times over. With the Mylluhús, we can grind it for every citizen in Scandinavia, should we choose to." It wasn't a wise idea to put all of our eggs in a single basket -- the Mylluhús breaking down or being sabotaged would have great effects. But, I intended for them to be the primary sources of flour for cities.

Watermills were the answer to effectively leveraging our small population. I would make full use of them and every scrap of tried and tested wisdom that the Romans had to offer. Then I intended to build off the foundation of their knowledge and experience, which stretched back more than a thousand years. Already, the foundations for my university and libraries were being laid.

There would come a day, far in the future, that my people would look upon the Mylluhús and laugh at how primitive it was.

"That grain, flour, or bread will be transferred across the kingdoms through a network of roads, ensuring that every village or nomadic tribe receives what they need," I continued. "You are not my enemies. Hunger is an enemy, and one that I will see defeated in my lands." I would not succeed. I couldn't. But it was a goal that I would strive towards to the best of my ability.

The strait between Denmark and Geatland was rich with fish to the point every citizen could cast nets into the sea and pull them back with a full catch all day, and the strait still wouldn't empty. I intended to leverage every scrap of fertile soil and to cultivate the areas where the soil was less than ideal, but something could still grow.

The gods had granted me the ability to make use of every resource that the land had to offer, and I would not shame them by not doing so.

"You speak as if you have already conquered us," Danr uttered, but the quiet contempt in his voice had faded, and I saw that he was wise. He understood the implications of the Mylluhús. The scope of them, even if he didn't yet understand them. That made him someone worth keeping around, if not elevating.

There would come a point in time when my empire would become marred with the petty squabbles that Rome suffered. That Francia and the Caliphates suffered. There was no form of governance that could prevent such a thing, as it wasn't governance that was the problem -- it was people. The most I could hope to do was to establish a solid bedrock to ensure that men like Danr, men of merit and wisdom, were elevated.

"Because I have," I told him, my tone honest but blunt. "The moment I set my gaze upon these lands, they were mine. It was only a matter of informing you." Tellingly, he didn't argue. I looked at Danr from the corner of my expanded vision, and I watched him chew on that. He realized the truth of it, I think.

He was facing a beast unlike anything he had ever seen before. I had no doubt that he was an experienced warrior who had fought many petty jarls and bandits, but this was a scale that he hadn't known existed, and now it had arrived at his doorstep.

Jarl Aimo, however, was disconcerted. Fearful. He looked upon the Mylluhús like one would upon finding a snake in their bed, also understanding what it meant but resenting its existence. Regrettable, but expected. Perhaps whoever came after him would be more open-minded…

Because whether they liked it or not, no matter how hard they fought, kicked, and screamed…

Change was coming.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 647 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 1, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Passage of Time New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,690
"I am going to wring his damn neck!" Jill thundered as she paced the room, as angry as Jasmine had ever seen her. She marched like a woman off to war, practically bouncing off the wall, just to turn on her heel to continue her pacing. It was a struggle to keep her amusement off her face, and she distracted herself by playing with Radahn's small hands. "How could he put himself in that position? Surrounded on all sides by three hundred men? All of them wanting him dead?! I-" Jill had to bite her tongue to prevent herself from shouting.

Morrigan, far more willing to display her amusement, wore a delighted smirk. "It worked, did it not? One risk and a conversation later, and his army grew by three hundred men. Many of whom have been recruited into the Rangers." Jasmine had to fight her growing smile when Jill whipped around to glare in Morrigan's direction.

"That will simply encourage him, Morrigan! That's the issue! He was rewarded for taking a foolish, needless risk!" Jill hissed, before the moment of stillness proved too much for her and her pacing resumed. She was possessed by a nervous energy, her anger fueled by concern. "He wrote about the man's cleverness, but it's not the clever ones I fear. It's the idiots that don't think about the consequences, who would have attacked him and spurned the others to do the same!"

A fair point, Jasmine could admit to herself. The meeting with the rebel Geats had gone well, but it only took one fool to ruin things for everyone.

"What's more, like a child, he hid this little indiscretion from us until winter was over!" Jill continued to rant. "He hid it because he knew we'd be angry. Oh, I finally see where Magnus and Ragnar get it from."

"Hid it from you, perhaps. T'is little wonder, in that case," Morrigan prodded, stirring the pot merely because she could. Of all of her husband's lovers, Morrigan had been the one that she understood the least for the longest time. She wasn't a wife, and she would take any such insinuation with the greatest offense. In the end, it was only when Astrid made an offhanded remark that Jasmine felt like she could finally understand the woman.

Morrigan was like a stray cat. One that expected you to feed her and offer a cup of cream but would hiss and growl the moment you tried to pet her. She would never come indoors, but she fully expected a warm bed at the door so she could come and go as she pleased. The comparison was entirely too accurate, to the point that Jasmine couldn't unsee it.

All the more so with the… Blessing.

Morrigan:
Arrogant, Callous, Fickle​

Then her gaze slid to Jill, who continued her pacing as she sent a very annoyed glare over to Morrigan.

Gunjill:
Calm, Patient, Compassionate​

It was quite strange to think that the two could call each other friends. She could only see but a few traits, the largest of them that acted as the cornerstones of their personalities, but they seemed entirely incompatible. And, from what Jasmine had heard, that had been the case at one point in time.

"Send a letter," Jasmine mediated. "So much of this war relies upon his reputation. Convincing three hundred enemies into becoming three hundred allies is a story worth telling, so I would say that the risk was worth it. However, privately, we shall give him a proper scolding for not mitigating those risks… and for taking measures to hide the scope of the danger he was in." Morrigan pouted that Jasmine had doused the smoldering embers of Jill's anger rather than fanning them.

"I shall do just that," Jill decided, and based on the smile she now wore, Jasmine suspected that it would be a… rather sternly worded letter.

It was a victory, as they could now focus on the tasks that brought them together. "Beyond Siegfried's bout of foolishness, the first year of the conquest has gone according to plan. Winter has come and gone, and the second year of the conquest has begun. Have there been any noteworthy difficulties?"

At the mere mention of winter, Jasmine repressed a shiver. Siegfried and the others had spoken at length about the harshness of winter in this far off land, and Jasmine had earnestly believed that she had prepared herself for it. Despite what most visitors assumed, winters in the Abbasid Caliphate could be quite punishing. But she hadn't been at all prepared for her first winter in Denmark.

What the Norse called a 'mild winter' was the kind that the people of her homeland would have remembered for a generation for its harshness. The snow fell in such volume that it came up to her knees, the wind howled like great beasts lurking in the darkness, and even the chill was harsher. This second winter was 'less mild', with snow coming up to her waist, and for a month, it was outright impossible to leave one's home. And by the reports she'd read, the winters in Sweden were even worse.

It was baffling that anyone would choose to live here willingly. Somedays, she wondered why Siegfried didn't gather all of his people from these frozen lands and take them to the Mediterranean.

"For the Sami and Finns?" Jill replied, at last taking a seat. "Nothing in particular worth mentioning. Some tribes have already submitted, others continue to resist, but by all accounts, the invasion is on schedule. If not ahead of it."

Jasmine reclined in her own lounge chair as she swept her eyes over the chosen meeting room. It was similar in make to the spinning room that Siegfried had left behind in Crete -- a spinning room made of marble. Despite the harshness of the weather, it was still left open air, though come winter, the open arches would be covered. The ceiling was a dome, and at the top of it, there was a stained glass story of Odin killing himself to become a god. She tried not to let her gaze linger and instead focused on her squirming son in her lap.

Radahn was like his sisters, only rather than displaying a fierce determination to battle against everything that moved, Radahn… as soon as he was able to walk, he was determined to see the world.

"The Finns and Sami were never going to be the issue. Too small and too dispersed," Morrigan dismissed them out of hand. "It is the tribes that reside on the other side of the Baltic that will be the true challenge."

"We've developed trade relations with a number of tribes," Jasmine pointed out, even as she poked Radahn's adorably chubby cheeks. "All within the most fractious locations," which was quite the issue for her.

It was uncommon for women to wield the amount of power that they did. While the conquest was underway, Siegfried's mother had been named regent, but each of them had their own realm of responsibilities. Jill was the diplomat, who held endless meetings with lords and merchants and even local leaders, both from within the realm and from afar. Morrigan was the master of secrets, learning every hidden intention or unspoken alliance.

She, on the other hand, had chosen trade to be her realm of responsibility. It was an interest that she'd developed in Crete, but it was a responsibility that was deceptively heavy. Money was the lifeblood of an empire, with trade being how that blood flowed from its heart to the tips of its fingers and toes. It was a responsibility that needed to be done well and fast, as the moment a land was conquered and the surveyors confirmed the material wealth, be it stone, ore, gemstones, or food, it needed to be cultivated, developed, and sent off to other parts of the kingdom.

"They're becoming fond of our wares. The first year was worryingly thin, but this year Miklagard's port was overflowing with merchant vessels," Jasmine continued with some pride. All of it was carefully crafted to aid the conquest.

She would never utter the words out loud, but when she first arrived in Norway, the seat of Astrid's father, who was King of Norway… she despaired. The seat of his power looked like a rural village, and as beautiful as the land could be, it stood out like a brutal, ugly thing. Small, cramped houses where an entire clan a dozen strong would share a single room with every farm animal that they owned. There were no man-made wonders to be found -- only a brutal practicality that had stripped away everything that wasn't necessary for survival.

To many of the tribes, the goods that they offered were at a level of quality that they couldn't even dream of. Siegfried had admitted as much to her privately years ago how he had been humbled when he beheld Rome. How he felt like a clumsy child trying to recreate perfection. Everything that they sold, be it furs, jewelry, alcohol -- all of it was beyond their ability to reference. It was the same for the ludicrously expensive roads, buildings, and monuments -- Siegfried was revealing a part of the world to the people of these lands that they had never thought could be possible.

For that reason, every merchant ship that left their port or sailed to one along the coast was a dagger delivering a cut to whatever alliances they were trying to build. Deals were in a constant flux -- a bottle of wine would be sold to a noticeably lower price to one tribe, then another bottle of the same make would sell for a higher price to another. That difference would speak of preferential treatment, inflaming tensions and old rivalries as the one that was forced to pay the higher price would suspect the other.

None of the cuts were fatal, but they didn't need to be when the hastily made alliances were dying by a thousand of them every day.

An effort that was compounded upon by Jill diplomatically. Since Geatland and Sweden were so swiftly claimed, it ignited a wildfire across the other tribes who sent an army of envoys. Some offered tribute, some delivered threats, others tried to position themselves to take advantage of the invasion, while others tried to convince them to abandon it entirely. Those envoys would see the palace, the city, and their armies.

They would also see the envoys of rival tribes. They would see how they were treated. They would hear the rumors that were deliberately dropped into their ears like a poison. Then they would return home to regurgitate what they saw and the rumors that they heard.

None of it would be possible without Morrigan, who wove her web of secrets until it stretched back to the Mediterranean. Even now, Jasmine suspected Morrigan was as much across the sea as she was in the room with them.

"Our treasury?" Jill questioned, making Jasmine's lips thin.

"Siegfried stole a kingdom's worth of wealth, but it'll cost at least that much to build one," Jasmine replied. Siegfried had gathered a truly insane amount of wealth during his time in the Mediterranean, and she'd always known that in a… distant sense. After all, it was his success that attracted so many people to his army despite his being a pagan and a foreigner. But it wasn't until she saw what that wealth could build that she understood the absurdity of his success. It was a true miracle that the boats used to transport his hoard had not sunk under the weight of gold and silver. "Trade and spoils help mitigate the costs, but at the rate we are going our coffers will be empty within the decade."

Something Siegfried was well aware of. Everything he did was telegraphed well in advance. History would remember him fondly, Jasmine thought, but it would likely forget the hours-long meetings every day that led to the decisions he made. That path was to burn through an overflowing treasury that could leave the empire rich until his great grandchildren's time to rule in order to set the bones of an empire that would one day rival the Abbasid Caliphate and Rome.

To do such a thing…

It had been no surprise what his traits were.

Siegfried:
Ambitious, Diligent, Wrathful.​

The first two were almost expected, Jasmine had thought. But the last trait was a surprise. She would sooner expect the trait Calm or Patient, and when she had said as much to both Jill and Morrigan… they had said little, but voiced the opinion that it was a trait that was earned. Siegfried simply had better control of his wrath by the time they met- or, rather, by the time he had her kidnapped.

"After the conquest, provided that there are no truely disastrous setbacks… that deadline would be extended past the decade. By a year, perhaps two," Jasmine finished. Something that Siegfried planned for, and why it was important that he finished the Conquest so quickly so the integration could begin in earnest. "How likely is that?"

"Not very," Jill sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose. "We received the reaction that we expected, but I struggle to see how we can pacify that coastline in a mere seven years."

"T'is possible, provided that we break the right legs and wills," Morrigan voiced, sounding a bit bored of the conversation. It was… understandable. It felt like they were constantly forced to retread topics as new information came to light which offered other opportunities, some greater than what they currently worked with.

"Jarl Varg, King Eyvindr, Jarl Radulfr, and Jarl Gunnvaldr," Jill echoed the names of the bedrock of an alliance they allowed to fester. Jarls and a petty king that managed to unite their local tribes by using fear of Siegfried's inevitable arrival, but were distant and decidedly fractious enough that it wasn't likely that they would unite to defeat Siegfried and Astrid.

The dense woodlands of the south-eastern coastline of the Baltic was both more and less populated than Jasmine would have suspected. According to Roman records, the various tribes, when unified, could field an army in the hundreds of thousands. An exaggeration, almost certainly, but it was a possibility that Siegfried treated seriously. He was… whatever he was, but twenty thousand men against two hundred thousand?

It felt dangerous to even allow a few leaders to unite at all, but Siegfried made an argument that none of them had been able to best -- integration purely through diplomacy or trade would keep their pride intact. There would be a generation that felt like they were robbed of their independence, just as the older generations would resist as their ways were changing. Allowing them to unify, to field the greatest armies that they had ever forged, and still lose… that would break their pride enough.

They would have fought and they would have lost. Then they suffered the fate of the defeated. Such was the way of things, and that, in a strange twist of fate, would make their integration easier. Trying and failing was better than never trying at all.

'Men and their pride,' Jasmine thought with a snort.

"They will be watched," Jill continued, a certain kind of steel in her tone that rarely revealed itself. "They still have a year to prepare, and they aren't the type to waste that time."

With that, the meeting continued at a much more subdued pace. There was plenty to talk about -- Denmark was still adjusting to its new reality, there were issues with Norway's integration, as well as news from Saxony about the raids into the kingdom resuming. The meeting continued for a long few hours, but it was Radahn who brought it to an end by finally getting fed up with sitting still.

That wasn't to say that the day was over for her.

Her day began at the crack of dawn and it only ended in the twilight of night, just to begin anew the next morning. There were times when she felt like she was being run ragged, and then times when she was absolutely certain of it. But whatever complaints that she had fell away when she saw how hard Jill and even Morrigan worked, though the latter did her best to pretend otherwise. Not to mention, there was the sense that they were playing vital roles in something momentous. And Jasmine feared being the weakest link.

On the rare occasion where she did have any free time, Jasmine found that she spent most of it in the gardens -- a brief moment where she could be alone from spending all day being around others.

That was the thought, at least.

Ragnar was dragging his sibling behind him, and it seemed so strange to see the boy now. He wasn't a baby any longer, but seven years old. His eyes burned with the same fierce intelligence that his father's did, and a smile seemed ever present on his face. Magnus trailed behind him, doing his best to look dignified, taking every etiquette lesson to heart. Scáthach and Aífe trailed behind them, and Jasmine had yet to see them not picking a fight with someone-- usually each other, but they were perfectly happy teaming up when the pair felt challenged.

It wouldn't be too much longer before Radahn and Bjorn joined them, walking about the palace grounds with a determination to find every scrap of trouble they could find.

She smiled at them as Ragnar stepped forward, "Can we borrow Rajah? We're going on an adventure!" He decided, and she supposed that it was worth rewarding them for asking. This time.

The old tiger at her feet was already rising up, ready to acquiesce to their demands. Her heart clenched ever so slightly as he did, lumbering over partly because he knew that the children of Siegfried were not the type to relent. "It seems like he wants to go on an adventure with you. Just don't go too far, hm?" She requested with a strained smile. The children didn't notice, thankfully, as they happily made way to cause trouble for someone.

'He's getting old,' Jasmine knew, watching her oldest friend move with a stiffness that hadn't been there a few years ago. Tigers lived to be around fifteen years at the eldest, and Rajah was already thirteen. She knew that she would have to say goodbye at some point… but once he was gone, so would the last piece of her home.

And, all of a sudden, Jasmine felt incredibly homesick.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 664 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 8, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Hard Road New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,712
'I might kill the King,' Hjalmar thought to himself. It was a stray thought, but one that crept up with surprising persistence as the months passed. Hjalmar wasn't sure why the King did it, but the moment he acknowledged him on that stage while giving him some award, things had gotten… interesting. And not in a good way.

It should have been an honor. And, if he was being a little more honest with himself, it was an honor. It hadn't come as much of a surprise when they received an award -- Ulfar made sure that the lot of them were constantly in the vanguard. Every time there was a battle to be had, their squad was amongst those chosen to fight in it. Sometimes it was a pitched battle against hundreds, and other times it was laying an ambush for bands as few as ten. The result was that they rapidly acquired experience and kills.

First in Geatland and the Swedes. Then against the Sami and Finn tribes. And now they faced a new foe after another year of the conquest had come and gone. Their first enemy of the year?

The Rus.

Jarl Radulfr. Personally, Hjalmar knew very little about the man -- only that King Siegfried had some dealings with him as the Jarl controlled the easiest way to the Black Sea, and that wasn't an advantage that he was willing to relinquish. For the past few years, he had heard some rumors about him -- how he was performing his own conquest of the various nearby clans and tribes in preparation for their arrival. He'd heard talk of forts and strongholds, an army amassed that was larger than anything they faced before.

In short, it sounded like they were in for a real and proper fight. Something that Hjalmar couldn't say that he enjoyed the thought of. He rather preferred battles where they had an overwhelming advantage.

Worse was the fact that he once more stood before the King, and the man wouldn't even give them the dream of false hope.

"This next campaign shall be different," King Siegfried informed, standing before the assembled army. The King looked as he ever did, though a bit older. Strange to think that he had just seen his twentieth year. They were around the same age, but the King had already adorned himself with six crowns and carved his name into legend. He could drop dead where he stood, and the Sagas would make sure that he was never forgotten. "We stand before a prepared foe, who has the ability to drown us in numbers. A plan that they are reliant on because they cannot hope to match us in quality."

They weren't empty words. Hjalmar would never consider himself a gifted warrior. He'd sooner call himself a poor one. But a poor fighter with great experience would always defeat an inexperienced fighter with talent. The sheer difference that experience made honestly beggared belief. In battle, there was always a tension that only a skilled skald could hope to define, but the fear lessened with every conflict. It became familiar. He learned to trust those who stood next to him and they learned to trust him, because he and they had repeatedly earned that trust in ways that couldn't be replicated in training.

Armor made that difference stand out more. Armor… it allowed mistakes. A blow that you failed to block wouldn't cleave your arm from your body. It would be caught on the plate armor, or the chainmail, or absorbed by the padded gambeson. You might have a nasty bruise, but bruises would heal. Each bruise became another lesson learned, further enabling them to learn from experience and gain more of it, so that they became an ever more effective fighting force.

Then came the tactics. They operated on a higher field than any of their enemies. Their enemies weren't mindless -- far from it, irritatingly enough, but they didn't have the organization or systems in place that allowed a thousand men to react with the speed of a dozen. That mattered more than Hjalmar could have imagined in a pitched battle.

The number of times that he had seen naked shock on an enemy's face when they glanced over their shoulder to realize that their army had been helplessly outmaneuvered…

"I have asked much of you, my warriors, and I will ask yet more. The past two years have been a crucible, and you have emerged reforged. You are prepared for the challenges ahead. Take solace in that fact as we embark upon our greatest challenge yet," the King continued. Hjalmar knew what the plan was, and there was part of him that admired the audacity of it. Another part despaired because it meant an absurd amount of hard work.

Two armies numbering ten thousand men each would march down the coastline -- far enough to be separate armies, but close enough to react to each other as needed. They would smash through the initial resistance and then continue on marching down the coast to the other tribes and clans that had made their own lesser alliances.

Much like they had practiced up until this point, smaller armies would splinter off from the main forces to meet these lesser armies on the field of battle, while the two main armies would continue on. It would be a fighting march, likely all the way back to Denmark. The wounded would be left behind with whatever forces were needed to besiege a fort, as they would slow for nothing.

The reality of it meant that they would likely face multiple battles a day. The armies would cycle who fought, but from everything that he'd heard that could only go so far. Eventually, those armies who simply couldn't keep up or were too weakened by casualties would be left behind to garrison territories. All the while, they would be reinforced by Norwegian and Saxon armies to ensure that the territories didn't try to pounce on a weakened foe.

In theory, come this time next year, the conquest would be done and over with. After that… well, whatever decisions he had to make came after that. Seemed a little foolish to be making plans when there was the very real possibility that he'd die or lose something important in the battles to come, like an eye, hand, or a leg.

Because the armor that allowed you to make mistakes made sure that you got put into a position where you could make more of them. Ironclads were the vanguard, the ones in the thickest of the fight and held the most critical locations. And, because of Ulfar and his father…

Hjalmar stood before the King completely covered from head to toe in armor.

He hadn't been entirely aware of it, even as it happened. Ulfar had pulled some strings and ensured that the pieces they provided the iron for were always at the top of the list. After his first few battles, he secured a hauberk. Following that came the chest plate to make sure no one turned his insides into outsides. After that, the number of battles he partook in dramatically increased, something that should have been obvious in hindsight, and two years since the conquest began he stood alongside the two thousand others who had earned their full suits of armor.

Which meant he was considered a 'veteran.' The idea was quite worrying, as he felt every bit as uncertain as he had during his first battles. It didn't bode well for the rest of the army if all the veterans felt as he did. All the more so because of one special fact.

"-Begin the embankment!" King Siegfried announced to roaring cheers, and he realized that he had blanked out the rest of the speech. He hoped that it wasn't about anything important -- just the usual fluff to get the men's blood up so they'd forget to be afraid. He swallowed a sigh before his gaze shifted to Ulfar, who also wore a full set of plate armor that was further embellished to denote his position.

"On me," Ulfar exclaimed, a banner moving to usher everyone forward to the ships that they would be using to land in Rus territory. Four ships, each able to seat a hundred and fifty men, for the five hundred men that made up their division. "We're first boots on the ground, so it's up to use to secure the landing site. These bastards know that the only way that they can hope to stop us is to make sure we never arrive."

Hjalmar fell in step, along with the hundred men that somehow found themselves under his command. He rose through the ranks with every battle until he found himself the commander of a hundred men under the helm of Ulfar. In truth, he wasn't quite sure how much of that was his father pulling the strings or positions earned with merit. And, he supposed it didn't really matter.

"We are one of five landing sites. The Rangers already report that we're going to have to fight for the beachhead. Which is why the King will be fighting with us," Ulfar continued, speaking loudly as the men loaded up into the ships. They were one of many that were setting sail from a small fort city that the locals had taken to calling Helsinki, but they were the first of hundreds.

There was a loud roar of approval while Hjalmar nearly tripped over his own two feet on the way to his ship. The King? Ah, that sounded like a real pain in the ass, if he was being perfectly honest. The Rus would know that King Siegfried was the linchpin of the whole invasion, so they would throw everything that they had at him in the hopes of getting lucky.

It felt a bit arrogant to assume that they wouldn't… but they wouldn't. It was the same plan that everyone had up until this point, and without fail, the only ones who did the dying were the ones foolish enough to think they could take the King in a fight.

"It'll be the first time we'll see him in action," Erik, one of his commanders, remarked to him, his eyes off in the distance where the king boarded his ship with his companion warriors. "You think he's as good as the stories say?"

"I hear he's better," another replied as a horn rang out. The thralls began to row the longship away from the shore as a wind caught their sails.

"We'll get to see him first hand soon enough," Hjalmar interjected as he looked away, focusing on the shores that they would soon land on in the distance. He couldn't yet see them, but they were close. Barely more than an hour or two of sailing, and they'd arrive as hostile shores, and unlike before they would be teeming with enemies behind every tree and rock. The Sami and Finns had known that they were coming, but they didn't have the raw numbers to resist them. That wasn't true with the Rus, the Poles, and any of the other tribes that had those numbers and two years to prepare.

"Until then, focus. And keep your shields up and at the ready," Hjalmar warned, glancing at the ships nearby. The four of them would drive the ships right onto shore to secure the landing point; they needed to arrive at the same time and close enough to one another to arrive as a unified force rather than five bands of a hundred.

The warning came well received an hour later as the lands of the Rus came into view. Hjalmar raised his shield along with the others as the air was filled with the whistling of arrows along with the occasional thunk. His shield dipped as an arrow slammed into it, and he took the time to peek between the gaps of the shield wall around them and the still rowing thralls. What he saw didn't inspire confidence.

"They're going to make us fight for the beach," he called out, seeing a score of men ready to contest them. They shot arrows as fast as they could, trying to harry them as much as possible before they arrived. "Can't really tell with the trees… but there's a lot of them."

There was a point when the thought of landing on that beach would have had him breaking out into a cold sweat. But now he looked at it with a cold certainty -- they would take the beach. It was just a matter of how much blood had to be spilled.

The ship continued to sail forward alongside the others, and the number of arrows that actually struck the ship instead of the sea increased. As well as the stones from slings. The sound of them echoed through the air before it was joined by the beating of a drum. Hjalmar took in a slow breath, held it in, then let it out. The rhythm of the drum increased until it felt like it was matching his heartbeat. And then came the signal.

A horn blew as the ships closed into shore and Hjalmar was the first to toss himself overboard to land in waist deep water. He trudged forward, joined by others who did the same from his and other ships. They marched forward as the warriors on the shore pelted them with arrows and rocks and whatever else they had, until the Rus surged forward, intent on driving them back into the sea.

"Pila!" Hjalmar shouted, taking a javelin and throwing it into the encroaching mass of bodies. At this range it was impossible to miss, and dozens dropped, skewered by the javelins. The others slowed, hesitant, but still pressed on. It was enough for Hjalmar to link up with the others, displaying a shield wall for the Rus to break themselves on while the remaining forces in the ships moved to reinforce them.

Warriors battered at his shield, trying to strike out at him, but their options were limited. Their armor left them well protected. The Rus, on the other hand… boiled leathers, padded gambesons, layered furs. All of them parted with ease when Hjalmar struck back with his spatha sword. It was a weapon from the Mediterranean, short and double sided -- perfect for close combat like this, letting him make quick but deadly thrusts into the enemy before him. Meanwhile, overhead, the rank behind him were jabbing out with their poleaxes.

They presented a wall to the enemy, safeguarding the ships while their men fully disembarked. In no time at all, the blood soaked the sand and began to flow like a river towards the sea. The drum was nearly drowned out by the war cries of the enemy that paid no mind to their losses as they pushed them back.

The weight of numbers had its own challenges to deal with. Even as a united front, the soft sand underfoot offered nothing to dig into. The Rus couldn't break through their line, so they pushed them back. One foot at a time, they drove them back towards the sea, and as Hjalmar tried to get a grasp of their numbers, all he saw were faces and weapons. It could be a thousand, it could be ten thousand for all he knew. What he did know was that if they delayed any longer, the Rus would push them into the sea and their armor would ensure they drowned.

It was then that the horn blew twice and Hjalmar braced himself.

Heat.

He felt it before he saw it, even through his helm and armor. From overhead, there was a burst of flames that came from the ships that they rode on, creating streams of fire that washed over the Rus. The war cries became screams of terror and agony. The battlefield always carried the scent of blood and shit, but in the moment that the fireships did what they were ordered, he was hit with the smell of burnt hair and cooking meat, completely overpowering the smell of blood.

The streams of fire were short, but they ignited the tightly packed warriors that had been determined to push them off their coast and into the sea. Suddenly, that pressure vanished as those behind the push were suddenly scattering, leaping away from the flames so they didn't catch on fire as well. Still, it took some time for them to disperse, and in that time, the fireships sprayed out three more bursts of flames.

As they were told to, Hjalmar didn't pursue the fleeing Rus. Instead, he held his position to ensure that they didn't get caught in the belches of fire. Because of that, through the smoke, he saw a sight that made his stomach churn -- the blood soaked beach was littered with corpses, many of them burning black with fat popping from the flames that clung to them. The once white sand was dyed red and black, the organized resistance falling back to the tree line.

But only that far.

"They're regrouping! Forward! Ten paces!" Ulfar shouted out, and as one, their band of a hundred men moved up ten paces, and through the smoke, they were once more pelted with stones and arrows. "Ten paces!" They advanced another ten, as they did so, Hjalmar heard another horn belt out. A signal.

Their reinforcements had arrived, the ones that would help them secure the landing sight. However… just as the horn rang out, Hjalmar heard another. One that didn't belong to them.

Incredibly, the Rus began to pour out of the treeline that they'd just retreated to -- they weren't in the same numbers as before. Barely a trickle at first, but Hjalmar understood what was happening when more joined them. They inspired each other with their bravery to continue the fight despite the fireships, turning what should have been them fleeing for the hills into a fight.

"Pila!" Ulfar shouted, and their division threw their second javelin, thinning the horde that was intent on slamming into them. Hjalmar braced for impact, and the Rus once more slammed into them. Only this time, they weren't fighting alone.

From the corner of his eye, he saw it. Half of a body flying overhead and landing on top of the Rus, who sputtered in confusion and shock. Their gaze trailed off to see what happened, and that's when they saw him.

King Siegfried was impossible to miss. He was a head and shoulders taller than the second tallest man Hjalmar had ever met, so he towered over them. His wolf pelt cloak was pushed back, leaving only the head adorning his shoulder as he lashed out with his legendary blade, Gram. It moved in blurs that were almost too fast to see -- what he could see, however, were the arcs of blood that King Siegfried seemed to paint with his blade.

He was joined by his Companions, who secured the line that the King was single handedly cutting through the Rus. And, for a moment, Hjalmar was stupified. The King looked like he was cutting grass with a scythe, almost. The men before him might as well have been blades of grass for all of the resistance they put up. Honestly, Hjalmar wasn't even sure what he needed an army for. The King could probably win the war on his own.

But he forced his slack jaw to close with a click. Now wasn't the time to stop and stare. Now was the time for action.

"Ten paces!" Hjalmar roared, knowing that they needed to make the most of the opening that the King was giving them. He waited for the order to be relayed to Ulfar and for him to confirm it before they moved as one. The Rus were pushed into the meat grinder that was the King's Companions, and with them out of the way, they pushed another ten steps. Then another ten. And another, until they had secured the beach in its entirety.

The fire, the Rus could have recovered from, but getting pushed back after the fire? Hjalmar felt it as he held the line -- the pressure eased up little by little as the Rus abandoned the fight. They pushed up to the tree line before the order came to stop and dig in.

It was only then did Hjalmar realize how tired he was, or how long he had been fighting as the sun's position was different than when the battle started. He half collapsed where he stood in the shade, taking off his helmet to see that it was covered in dried blood. He was swiftly joined by the others as they looked out to sea, seeing hundreds of longships arriving and being pulled ashore. The smoke was starting to thin out a bit, revealing the scope of the battle.

There were fewer bodies than he expected. It always caught him by surprise, but he always thought there would be mountains of corpses after every battle. Instead, there were just dozens of them scattered about, bleeding and burning where they had fallen.

It was through that smoke he saw them. The King and his Companions approaching. Ulfar immediately rose to his feet, while Hjalmar remained seated, forced to look up at him as the King removed his unadorned helmet.

"You did well," he praised them. "Without your efforts, we could not have taken the beachhead so easily," he said, and that rang a bit false in his ears. "Rest. Recover. Because come tomorrow, the true battle begins."

"What are we facing?" Hjalmar asked, looking up at the King with a steady gaze. "I've heard rumors, but no one seems to actually know."

King Siegfried looked down at him, his gaze measuring before he smiled ever so slightly. It set his teeth on edge. Yet, he gave him an answer he wasn't obliged to. Though, when he did, Hjalmar wished that he hadn't.

"Eighty thousand. Come tomorrow… we'll have a battle against eighty thousand warriors. Everyone that that stingy old Jarl could scrounge up."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Velveteen_rabbit, Eri111111 and 665 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 15, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Giving Ground New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 22, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,744
It was strange to think that it had been five years since my last dealings with Jarl Radulfr, back at the very start of my journey to Constantinople. I came to his lands, hoping to find a guide down the winding rivers that would take me to the Black Sea and the greatest city in the world. The Jarl was stubborn, unpleasant, and a cheat who wanted to maintain his grip on the trade that came up the river. Eventually, Morrigan found a guide for us despite Radulfr's best attempts to stop it, of the name Michalis.

He'd been my initial ally in Rome before his greed consumed him. I was uncertain what became of the man -- with my departure, I had followed through on the agreement that was struck and put forth his name to Empress Irene to inherit the titles and lands of Crete. However, I had also left the back door open for Hoffer to claim them in the wake of our departure. I suppose it really didn't matter anymore, as even if Michalis' lost the island, he wouldn't return to being a humble merchant.

Another had likely filled the gap he left behind, if someone had at all.

My familiarity with the man was part of the reason why he was chosen as one of the rallying points for our people against my invasion, but not the only reason. He had already been a relatively powerful jarl five years ago because of the wealth trading with Rome brought. He didn't have a web of alliances like Horrik did, but he had a few friends. Enough to serve as a foundation of an alliance to resist me.

My wives did their jobs well, and made my part in this easier. They'd pushed a number of local rulers into the alliance while cultivating positive relationships with others -- friendly tribes and clans along the coast that would welcome us, serving as points of resupply and places to leave our wounded. Provided that we won, of course.

"Eighty thousand men isn't a small number," Astrid voiced, and not for the first time as she paced our tent. "Are you sure?"

"I am," I replied, leaning over the map. "They outnumber us significantly -- four times over, but most are not warriors. They are boys and old men, with spears pressed into their hands and told to fight. They have no organization, most of them speak different languages, and they hate each other only a little less than they hate us. When they feel the tide of battle turning, they will break."

"That's what I'm worried about. Our campaign relies on speed, Sieg. We can't get stuck fighting hundreds of bands of a few hundred men behind every tree as we move on. We might as well offer our backs to their daggers, especially when it comes to our supply lines," Astrid voiced, continuing to pace. "We need to break them the right way. A mass surrender rather than them fleeing into the hills."

"That is the plan, Astrid. A plan that you helped me make," I pointed out, amused by the glare she shot me. "This is a pivotal battle," I continued, a touch more seriously. "The past two years have been a prelude to this and we have prepared ourselves well. We will win. The outcome will be within our designs. Then we will continue… and come this time next year, we will be at home, with our children, building the empire that we will rule for decades to come."

Astrid's hand reached out to mine when she neared, clutching it for reassurance. She offered a thin, but nervous smile, and a nod of her head. I understood her nervousness. It would be a lie to say that I didn't feel some trepidation of my own, but I had confidence as well. My army had been tried and tested -- we had better commanders, better organization, and far better arms and armor.

It was then that Ulf, my chief servant, stepped into the tent with a bow of his head, "Your graces, the commanders are here as instructed."

"Send them in," I said, missing the warmth of Astrid's hand when she withdrew it to appear dignified. Ulf bowed his head once more and a few seconds later, two men were welcomed into my tent. One was Ulfar, the other was a man named Hallr. Both had earned the right to call themselves Ironclads, though Hallr was of the old guard and Ulfar the new.

I had some reservations about Ulfar, and it was only partly stemming from the fact that he was a dull gray to my True Sight. Marking him as neither loyal nor an enemy. However, it couldn't be denied that his command was an effective one -- Ulfar was hungry for glory, and he made sure that he got it while ensuring that he took few losses. He might not be unquestionably loyal, but he was good at what he did.

"Each of you will lead five hundred men, and in the coming battle, you shall be the arrows that slay the enemy," I informed them both without preamble, and they stood a touch straighter. "Both of you will be hidden upon the battlefield on the flanks. Your duty will not be to fight the battle, but to win it. Is that understood?"

"Aye, Your Grace! We won't betray the faith you have placed in us," Ulfar was quick to state. Always saying the right thing at the right time.

"See to it that you don't," I replied firmly before I gestured for them to come closer. And once they were, I began to lay out the plan.

…​

The battlefield was chosen with great care and long in advance. My Rangers had scoured the area, looking for a place that was suitable for all of my needs -- enough space for Jarl Radulfr to field his army of eighty thousand, with a dense forest nearby, and an increasingly narrow path towards a mountain or large hill. The location of the battlefield had also determined the location of our landing point in his territory, which had been… less than ideal.

Jarl Radulfr had sent two thousand men to stop us from landing, and failed. The survivors returned to join the rest of his forces, and now like a massive slug, that army of eighty thousand men were slowly giving chase to us. We moved slowly enough to dangle ourselves just out of reach, letting them think they were on the cusp of catching us. And in their pursuit, they had driven us into a battlefield that seemingly favored them.

The entire process took the better part of a week, and now we stood on the killing field once more. It was a foggy early morning, perfect for our needs. Though it did obscure the enemy as much as it did us, it was outright impossible to hide so many men.

Near a hundred thousand people made a level of sound that was hard to describe. The clattering of weapons, the footsteps, the thousands of different conversations that overlapped until it all just became noise. As I stood in the center of the field, my warriors at my back, I saw that I was right in my estimation of their forces. They had eighty thousand men, but I saw boys as young as Ragnar among them. And that made my heart clench in a way that I wasn't prepared for.

I swallowed down any discomfort that I had, however, as Jarl Radulfr rode forward with his own retinue, which was larger than my own. Among them, I knew, were various lesser jarls and powerful clan leaders. Unlike what I had created, Jarl Radulfr had forged a federation of clans in the name of resisting me. An alliance that wouldn't survive my defeat, much less my victory.

He looked as I remembered him, though with a streak of gray in his beard as he rode on top of a Roman warhorse. A gift from the Romans? Two years was enough time for news to travel, after all. And it was hardly as if I was lacking enemies in that land.

"King Siegfried," Jarl Radulfr greeted me, tilting his head back to look up at me. I could tell that it irritated him. "You've grown up well. You're more than just a little boy off on an adventure, I'll give you that."

"Jarl Radulfr," I greeted him in turn, my gaze flickering to the others in his retinue. I knew their names, though not their faces. Some would be offered a hand to their feet once they were brought low, while others would find themselves short of a head. Winning the peace was as important as winning the war. "I expected resistance when I began this conquest, but I will admit, I was surprised to find your name amongst the most powerful of those that stand in my way."

A lie, of course. But a light one. And one that fed his ego, based on the light smirk he aimed my way.

"It is only natural," Jarl Radulfr replied, "despite that foul trick your witch played, I knew what I was dealing with during your stay in my lands. I knew that you would come back. You could have consumed every treasure in Rome, and you'd still hunger for more." He jabbed a finger at me, "That cloak suits you well, Wolfkissed. You have the hunger of Fenrir."

"It seems I made an impression," I replied dryly, feeling vaguely offended by the remark. Worse was, I wasn't even sure if he was wrong. At least, not entirely. If I had the ability, I would have brought every treasure and wonder I could, brick by brick, if I had to. "However, trading barbs isn't what we are here for this day."

"No, it isn't," Jarl Radulfr agreed with a small inclination of his head. "I offer you this one chance -- surrender. Offer your arms and armor, and two hundred pounds of gold and silver for your ransom, and you will be allowed to return to Denmark, still a king several times over. But not king of the Rus."

An eyebrow rose at the offer, and I didn't even dignify that with a response. "I see an army of children and old men behind you, Jarl Radulfr. Tell me, what do you see behind me?" I asked him with a small cock of my head. His eyes narrowed ever so slightly, and while he didn't look their way, the others certainly did.

My Ironclads painted a rather intimidating visage. They stood in formation, their armor polished to a shine, their shields overlapping, while their poleaxes were planted near their feet. The fog only made that image stronger, as they couldn't tell how many they were -- five thousand? Ten? Twenty thousand?

"Dead men," Jarl Radulfr answered curtly, bringing their attention back to him. "Shall I take this as a refusal to surrender?"

"Aye, you should. Shall I take it that you refuse to surrender to me?" I asked, earning a dismissive laugh from the man and a round of chuckles from the others. They couldn't imagine themselves losing. Such was the danger of having an overwhelming advantage in numbers. A danger that I was becoming increasingly less sure was worth the advantages. "No? Good. We'll have another talk later today. I suggest you think of an argument to justify me sparing your lives before then."

With that, I turned my horse around and gave a hand signal. In response, a horn blast rang out, the confirmation that the battle was going to begin.

I took my place in the center with my men, drawing Gram and hefting my shield. It had been quite some time since I had fought in a shieldwall, but it was important. Men fought harder when they fought beside their king, and the center was too important for me to leave to another. As I did, the enemy horn rang out, but it was nearly drowned out by the sound of them moving.

There was no true unity in them as a seemingly endless sea of people started to march forward. And that was just their archers and slingers. Our shields overlapped, and I found my size working against me there a bit, but we were covered as arrows and stones fell from the sky as if they were rain. All the while, in the places between the ranged troops, the infantry marched forward.

Jarl Radulfr wasn't Horrik. The man might not be a brilliant strategist, but he was a warrior rather than a plotter. He understood the challenges that came with maneuvering so many men, and he knew how to use his raw numbers against us. While they didn't have the organizational framework to maneuver such a large number of people, he did have a grasp on what to do with them beyond 'tell them to move forward.'

I watched as the stream of warriors marched forward -- they were all old, many of them missing a hand or even a leg. They were warriors still, however, and they knew how to fight in a shield wall. They would make the initial clash, the true warriors following behind them, while the rest would press them forward with the weight of numbers. Through the fog, I saw their eyes that shone with resolve, determined to fight me until their last breath.

So, I obliged them.

The lines clashed, and almost immediately, I felt the weight behind them. Gram cut men down like wheat, but there were ten more ready to take their place. However, we didn't push forward or counter their charge. Simply put, we couldn't. We could cut right through them, but the only thing that would accomplish would be leaving us surrounded.

Instead, there was a drum and a horn that gave us signals. With every signal, I allowed myself to take a step back, allowing the Rus army to take a step forward. That encouraged them to push harder, and I think they ended up killing more of their people by crushing them to death against our shieldwall than we managed. That hardly mattered, though, as the pressure was eased off ever so slightly when we took another step.

Then another. And another. And another.

The fighting retreat was done slowly, almost naturally. Slowly, the fog began to dissipate as the early morning sun shifted into the afternoon. My men cycled the front, but I stayed in the line, making sure that it held. In truth, I wasn't sure if it was needed. My men were disciplined, Olek saw to that, and they endured the grinding retreat without complaint.

One mile didn't feel like a lot of distance, but when it was made one step at a time? It certainly felt like it. With every step that we took, we fell into a forest, which played havoc with our defensive line, but it still endured. Further, we retreated, enduring the weight of numbers that surged against us as the trees made them lose what little unity they had.

It was then, through the canopy of leaves overhead, that I saw it -- a green arrow streaking across the sky. The signal for the ambush to strike.

Fourteen thousand men flanked from the sides, streaming through the forest on both sides of the attacking army. Lying in place for the moment to strike, when the enemy brought themselves into the ambush. They had been partly obscured by the trees, but it was mostly the sheer number of bodies on the field that hid them. When there were already so many people, seeing more didn't stand out, and it would be a poor ambush if people expected to be ambushed.

The shift in the battle wasn't immediately felt, as it took minutes for the ripples of the dual charge to make themselves known. Messages needed to be relayed and understood, all the while the conflicting orders did more damage to their formation than the ambush did.

What was felt, however, was our counter-attack. My Ironclads ceased their retreat and instead took a step forward. Then another. Then another. And another.

The army, which had once nearly drowned us in sheer numbers, found that their weight was split on three ends, and that led to them buckling. The army found itself being squeezed, and the result was that they began to spill out in the one direction where they weren't being pressed down upon -- the rear, where their reserves were.

They could have turned the battle around. It wouldn't have been easy, but it was possible. We encircled them on three sides, but it was still eighty thousand against twenty, and if they pressed back, spilled over our encirclement… If one of our flanks faltered, the battle would get messy. Sloppy. And that was just as bad as a defeat for us.

It was for that reason that I didn't leave things to chance, and the arrows that I had put in place before the battle began leaped from the waiting bow.

I couldn't see them from where I was, and that pained me. I was left wondering in a sea of bodies and blood, waiting for a signal from the thousand men I had kept in reserve until the battle was all but won. Because it was they who had the most crucial duty of the battle.

To claim the heads of leadership. A counterattack couldn't come if there was no one to give the order.

They should cut through the dregs that Jarl Radulfr didn't even want to commit to the battle -- the young children, the too old, the sickly. The only true challenge would be the personal guards, but those thousand men were some of my best. They would win. It was just a question of whether they would win fast enough.

It felt like minutes, if not hours, had gone by as I awaited the signal in the sky, as I directed the push against the Rus. There was a slow building tension in me as I kept waiting for it, dreading that something had gone wrong.

But then I saw it. A green burning arrow -- the operation was a success. The leaders of the army were dead and captured, meaning that the body we fought against was headless. Meaning that it was only a matter of time when those within the encirclement realized that despite all their numbers, the situation was hopeless.

And that was the true danger of numbers. A man with a numerical advantage didn't prepare himself for battle as he would when he was facing an enemy on equal or superior footing. They convinced themselves that another would win the battle for them, so they… relaxed. They didn't take things seriously. They made plans for what they would do after the battle, like spending their loot or drinking, rather than focusing on actually winning the battle.

That was a fatal mistake, and why quality was better than quantity.

The battle was won at that point, but the decapitated army continued to flail about for hours more. Some surrendered, others still fought, while most were just trying to escape to the forest and hills. Something that I couldn't allow, so I kept them in. All the while, we made demands for their surrender, allowing those who did to slip through the lines where they were bound and separated.

It was late evening by the time that the battle could be said to be done, leaving everyone spent and exhausted from a long day.

And I…

"Disappointing," I mused, wiping Gram clean with a cloth. I expected this much, but there had been some part of me that had hoped that eighty thousand men would be more difficult to defeat. But, in the end, they were merely eighty thousand people rather than warriors. All the while, I looked out at those who surrendered. They still outnumbered us four times over, but they didn't have any more fight left in them.

They were tired, hungry, and utterly spent.

My gaze lingered on the young, one boy who was barely older than Ragnar in particular. He was staring into nothing, hands on his knees, seemingly deaf to the older man who was trying to talk to him. That was something I had to force myself to look away from. Instead, I looked to those who were approaching.

"You did well," I commended the various commanders who partook in one of our greatest victories to date. It was certainly the largest battle. "What comes next, however, is the difficult part," I mused, once more looking out at the defeated.

"We are yours to command," Ulfar voiced, and he was echoed by all but Astrid and Thorkell.

I nodded, accepting that answer for what it was. "These people need to be dispersed. Ten thousand to Norway. Ten thousand will go to Geatland. Ten thousand will go to Sweden. Another ten thousand to Saxony. Five thousand to the Sami. Five thousand to Finland," I began, knowing that was fifty thousand of the eighty already dealt with. "They will be taken as thralls to build infrastructure, and then to populate the villages that will be designated for them. Leave the children, anyone under the age of twelve."

It was the first step in the dispersal that would continue as we conquered further. Populations would be relocated and separated into the new territories to develop them as needed. All the while, all the fighting men of the area would find themselves elsewhere, weakening the Rus of Novograd so the rebellious elements wouldn't have the strength to earnestly fight us. At least not for a few more years.

Likewise, as we went down the coast the territory of Novograd would be populated by various defeated foes, which would provide the work force for the various projects I had planned.

"The border needs to be marked as well. It will be tested by those sensing weakness," I continued, and that was a problem that had plagued me since I first set my sights on creating an empire.

I had thought a great deal about what to do with the southern border along the Baltic Sea. The north was secured by the simple fact that there was no one north of us. The south, however, had a long border that was exposed to a great many people. From Finland to Saxony was hundreds of miles of exposure, meaning that we had to expand defensively.

Focus would be given to natural borders -- rivers, forests, hills, and mountains. Those locations would need to be fortified. Basic forts would do initially, but I wanted something better. An unassailable fortress would be ideal, but I would settle for something that would be tough to take before relief could arrive. Which meant that along the southern coast and the northern coast, simply because they would take it as an insult otherwise, a standing garrison was necessary. Much like the Roman Theme system, in function at least.

However, there was another way that I could secure the border. At least until my protective methods could be built.

"When they arrive, catch them but do not kill them. Examples must be made -- both for the people that now find themselves under my rule… and those that think that they can take what isn't theirs," I continued, making Astrid's lips thin, as we had discussed the topic at length. The newest citizens of my empire would see that my rule brought prosperity and security beyond what they had experienced before. And my new neighbors would see something else."Along the border, have them impaled upon a stake. Every twenty paces facing out of my borders."

Ulfar's eyes widened a fraction, but he nodded, as did the others. It was a level of ruthlessness that they didn't associate with me, I knew. In truth, it was a level of ruthlessness that I had no taste for, but it was a necessary measure. It wouldn't be enough to simply build roads and bathhouses to convince the people of Novograd and beyond to accept my rule.

In Novograd, there were more people than there were in Finland and Sami combined even if you doubled their population, including what we would deliver to those kingdoms. That was a fact that would only increase the closer we got to Saxony. The southern coast of the Baltic was vastly more populated than the north, and that was a problem as much as it was a boon. They needed to feel a firm grip until they didn't chafe at my rule.

In short… I was admired because of my reputation.

Now? Those who called me their enemy needed to learn of my wrath.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Velveteen_rabbit, Eri111111 and 607 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 22, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Next Step New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Oct 29, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,765
Sore. If Hjalmar had to describe how he felt in a single word, then that one felt like a solid enough pick. There were others he could choose -- exhausted was a close second choice, and weary a further third. But 'sore' had the implication of the other two, so Hjalmar felt very sore.

Yet, the march continued.

Another man, a different king, might have slowed down in the aftermath of the great battle of Novograd. Twenty thousand against eighty thousand on a single field, and the result had not even been close. They'd won so handily that the entire region just… gave up. It was something he could understand quite well -- if he saw a man lay out eight burly warriors, Hjalmar wouldn't want to pick that fight either, else he be the ninth laid out.

Any other king would have been content with such a victory. They would have stayed in the region, policing it as a garrison to make sure no one got any ideas after they were done licking their wounds. Instead, they were on the move down the coast, following the plan as they left the settling of the new territories for those in their wake.

As much as his muscles protested the decision, Hjalmar saw the wisdom behind it. There really weren't words that could adequately convey the reaction that the clans and tribes had upon hearing that King Siegfried and his army had smashed through nearly a hundred thousand men like they were barely even there. It was something beyond shock, awe, and fear while somehow being all of those things. King Siegfried might speak of a time when the Germanic tribes had once fielded armies in the hundreds of thousands to throw off the Roman yoke, but such a thing had been unthinkable in living memory.

The various tribes had expected resistance. They'd hoped for failure -- that King Siegfried would falter at the first step, that some of his shine would fade, and they could convince themselves that they had nothing to fear. However, they expected resistance. They believed that against such numbers, King Siegfried and his army would be diminished. They believed that even upon the Rus defeat, they would turn the entire area into a quagmire that would slow his approach.

They thought they still had years to prepare for his arrival. As little as one or as many as ten. It wasn't without reason. With all the territories taken before, King Siegfried first acquired the territory, secured it, then waited until the next year to expand again.

Their shock was genuinely unimaginable when they learned that the battle had been won with ease with few losses, and that they were already on the move almost as fast as word could spread. For many, the fight just bled out of them for a number of reasons. They knew they were outmatched, and any hasty alliances they may have made could not be enacted as they'd arrived too swiftly. Others, however, gave up because… the gods worked in mysterious and subtle ways most of the time, but sometimes they grab you by the ear and scream in it.

Such a victory could only be granted by the gods, they thought, and who were they to argue with the gods? If King Siegfried's ambitions were wrong, then surely he would have failed at such a crucial crossroad?

That wasn't to say that there weren't those who still resisted. There were many. Hundreds, to thousands, to hundreds of thousands. At least it felt like it. In the months that followed the battle for Novograd, Hjalmar had fought in more battles than he had in the past two years combined. Sometimes against a dozen people, other times against a hundred, sometimes near a thousand.

And it was then that the King's plan was revealed. The campaigns in Geatland, Sweden, Sami, and Finland were all prelude to the conquering march -- they marched in a long column of ten thousand with Rangers moving a day ahead of them that informed them of enemy movement and resistance. Whenever resistance was encountered, depending on how many were needed, they would split off from the main army to battle them. Once they won, they would fall in with the reserves, and once a week, the army would stop its march to rest and regroup.

Meaning that even after a battle, you marched and marched and marched. And in between battles, you marched.

It was something that Hjalmar had hoped to avoid the worst of, as after the Battle of Novograd he and his battle group had been granted horses. The King was evidently pleased with their performance and decided that the five hundred of them were best used as an independent force on the battlefield that struck where the enemy was weak. Hjalmar should have known better. Good work was repaid with more work.

He might not have blisters on his feet, but he did have them on his arse, and that was arguably worse. Not to mention, with the horses, more often than not, he found himself as part of the battle groups sent out to clear the way for the army since they had greater range and mobility. The only upside to that was the fact that, as a horse rider, once his own armor was complete, he could outfit his mount with a hauberk. It would take an age to finish, certainly, but it was a further piece of prestige that marked him as someone of importance.

Provided that he didn't die in the next great battle, his future was looking unexpectedly bright.

"Hard to think that they were us a couple of years ago," Trym noted next to him as they sat mounted on a horse, waiting for the fresh-faced recruits to disembark from one of the burgeoning ports on this side of the coast. Their losses were on the low side, but that didn't mean there were none. Some just got unlucky with a bad blow, some got overconfident and broke formation for glory, a few perished because of sickness, while others were wounded and couldn't keep up.

"You think the veterans back then noticed our gawking?" Hjalmar asked, noticing how the recruits meant to replace their losses eyed them as they drew themselves up into formation. Hjalmar was proud of the fact that he cut quite a sight these days, especially clad in a full set of armor. He knew that they looked upon him and dreamed of earning their own set.

They thought that they were prepared, given that they had come from the training camp meant to prepare them to become warriors. Given how his entire body felt like one giant pulled muscle, he was strangely thankful for his commanders back then for doing their best to kill him with exercise. Without it, the army would have had to leave him on the side of the road somewhere, unable to take another step forward.

"Oh, no doubt about it. Try not to make a fool of yourself, Hjalmar," Ulfar spoke up from behind them, an ever present grin in his voice.

"Shove off, you're making us look bad," Trym replied, all too pleased with the attention and sharing a laugh with their commander.

"How many are ours?" Hjalmar asked, knowing that there would be at least five for his own command. It was unavoidable. Not when there were days when they fought two or three battles. They were well-trained, well-disciplined, and well-armed, but exhaustion took its toll. When people were tired, they made mistakes. A wound there, an injury there… it added up.

"Thirty," Ulfar answered. "They'll need to be blooded before the next major battle."

The next major battle loomed over them, but the truth of the matter was there would be at least a dozen skirmishes until then. They would earn the beginnings of a set of armor, but not likely a whole set.

"I almost feel bad for them," Hjalmar admitted. "They're arriving at the tail end of the conquest." Hjalmar was sure that there would still be battles to be had, but it would be quite some time until something like this happened again. A war of conquest.

"Eh, garrison duty isn't so bad," Trym replied with a shrug of his shoulders. "Worse jobs to be had. We would know -- we worked some of them."

To that, Hjalmar snorted, but it was Ulfar who replied, "There is always the next conquest. King Siegfried is a great conqueror. I expect we'll be at war for every year of his reign."

That surprised him. Normally, he would be inclined to just agree with Ulfar, as he was far more politically inclined than Hjalmar. Not to mention, far more well connected. "You think?"

Ulfar cast him a glance, raising an eyebrow, "You disagree?"

He did, strangely enough. "I would call him a great builder more than a conqueror. Honestly, this whole conquest seems more like a means to create a workforce than conquering for the sake of adding more crowns to his hoard." It was strangely brilliant in a way that made a shiver race down his spine when he thought about it. The sheer scale of the plans…

He saw it in Geatland and Finland, and then Novograd. King Siegfried just… moved populations to where he wanted them, but people were stubborn and stupid and prideful. They'd never obey a command to do so, and King Siegfried was wise enough to never give a command he knew would not be followed. So what did he do instead?

He conquered them, threw tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands in chains and named them thralls. Then he scattered them across his kingdoms, forcing them to build and settle, and once they did? He took off their chains and called them citizens. They were free to return to their homelands, but that was much easier said than done. Costly, to say the least.

The result was what he saw in Miklagard being spread across Scandinavia -- tall buildings, bathhouses, arenas, and more.

The scope of the King's ambition was daunting. It made his own feel quite quaint in comparison.

"You think he'll stop expanding?" Ulfar asked, his brow furrowing as if the thought had only just occurred to him.

"Perhaps not entirely," Hjalmar ventured with a small shrug of his shoulders. "I'm unsure if there will be another great conquest like this again, though. Wars are costly, and even his coffers aren't bottomless. Especially when he's erecting cities from thin air, building roads and whatever else. No, I think he'll set down his sword for years after this."

King Siegfried was a farmer. People like Ulfar forgot that when they weren't using it as a point against him. Only instead of growing crops, he was cultivating kingdoms.

"In that case, what are you going to do after the conquest is over?" Trym questioned as Ulfar fell silent in contemplation.

And that was a question he'd thought a lot about, but still felt no closer to an answer than when he began. "I don't rightly know," Hjalmar admitted. "I figured that I would go down to the Mediterranean. Take my spoils, charter a ship or two, and join King Hoffer. Seemed like an easy rich life."

"Heh -- success can be its own burden," Trym laughed, knowing his problem well. Hjalmar had never expected to do so well during the conquest. But here he was, a tried and tested veteran of a hundred battles. He was a commander of a hundred men, and he'd grown rich through spoils and pay, all of it carefully saved and grown further through well placed bets and a deft hand at dice.

In short, he already had the success he'd thought he would only find in the Mediterranean.

"Aye, it can be," Hjalmar admitted. "You?"

"Settling down doesn't sound so bad," Trym ventured. "Might follow in the footsteps of our forebears -- buy a nice plot of land, a wife or two, and spend the rest of my days in modest luxury." For the longest time, that was almost word for word what Hjalmar had intended when he joined the army. Make enough money that he never had to worry about it again, retire, and live a modest life in which his greatest concern was which of his sons to favor during the inheritance.

There was ample opportunity for that. He could return to Denmark and purchase a holdfast. Or he could buy larger plots of land in Geatland, leverage that and his wealth into the position of a Jarl.

Or he could go another route. Invest his wealth into opportunities that would see his wealth grow even further. Commission a ship and crew to run a trade route along the budding empire he'd helped build, or beyond it. He could purchase buildings in Miklagard and rent them out.

As a boy the world had felt like it had been full of possibility, but as he grew into a man he'd learned the hard way how limited the world was to someone like him -- someone born without consideration and with the wrong blood in his veins. Now, with respect and wealth, more doors had opened for him than he was honestly prepared for.

"Doesn't sound like a bad life," Hjalmar admitted. A few years ago, that would have been enough for him. Probably. But now that there could be more for him…

"Well, my life is laid out before me," Ulfar replied, a rueful note in his voice. "Stay in the military until it comes time to replace my father as Jarl. Earn a place of prestige in the court, titles, and what have you. Then repeat the process with my son." He didn't sound upset by it, nor particularly excited. It was simply a fact, and one that he'd accepted long ago. "Now, come on. No point in dwelling on the future if we don't have one. We're going to be rather outnumbered in the next battle."

On that ominous note, Ulfar urged his horse forward and Hjalmar followed, despite his arse pleading for respite under the saddle. He wasn't wrong, Hjalmar knew, and he kept it in mind as they picked up the thirty odd recruits and they were folded into the regiments.

He kept it in mind as the day of rest was over, and they once more marched down the coast. There were battles to be had here, but fewer than before. Simply because they were approaching the territory of their next major foe. Or, rather, two of them. The result being that when they marched through notable villages, they simply surrendered without a fuss.

When they came across the fortifications that were erected to slow them down, the King ordered them besieged and assaulted. Most surrendered at the first sign of defeat, but Hjalmar had very little to do with them.

All of it was so they could race towards the next notable battle.

Hjalmar had kept an ear close to the ground, shifting through the rumors that filtered into camp from the defeated. Long before they stepped foot in Novograd, he had been listening to the tales whispered about their opposition. Jarl Radulfr was known to have a hundred thousand men in his army, but that was an exaggeration and Hjalmar would struggle to call half of his soldiers men.

The next opponent was meant to be King Sturla. A minor king in the same way Horrik had been, just with a larger army. In the years before their arrival, he'd gone about his own conquest and, according to the rumors, had also amassed an army a hundred thousand strong. If not more.

But, just like with everyone else, the ease of their advance and victory alarmed his court. King Sturla tried to steady the ship with a tighter grip, but the results were the opposite of what he wanted. At least, that's what Hjalmar assumed given that he had been assassinated a month ago, poisoned at a feast, which shattered the alliance he'd formed.

Their rapid advance did have some kind of unifying effect on the fallen king's vassals, however. Rather than completely falling into infighting, what had been a single united army instead split into two parts. They were fighting each other as much as they were King Siegfried, but they got their act together long enough to dig their heels in. The rumors on how much the army was divided varied widely, but the most consistent number that Hjalmar heard was fifty thousand.

It almost seemed… lackluster, in comparison to the previous battle. Hjalmar had assumed it would be a clean sweep -- they'd join with the other half of the army, take down one of the enemy armies and then the other. Then they'd move on.

But this was not the case, as Hjalmar discovered days later when they once more stood on the field of battle. He didn't quite know where they were exactly, but he figured that it was somewhere halfway down the coastline of the Baltic. He didn't really know who they faced across from them. Only that the fifty thousand man estimation felt like it was roughly accurate…

And that King Siegfried had chosen to face them with half of his army, while the other was off fighting the other half of the enemy. In essence, there were two great battles taking place, and in both battles… they were outnumbered at least twice over. Or, in his case, outnumbered about five times over.

"I really might kill the king," Hjalmar whispered the treasonous thought under his breath, knowing that it was lost in the sea of noise as King Siegfried, in his infinite wisdom, saw that army that outnumbered them five times over and decided 'I have a plan of attack. Attack.' The result was what he was bearing witness to, a sight so absurd that even the enemy seemed thoroughly caught off guard by it.

The infantry was moving up underneath a storm of stones and arrows, a storm that thinned as their archers shot back from their position in the rear. The King advanced in a formation that was shaped like an arrow, with himself serving as the tip. Meaning that they were going to cut through whatever defensive line the enemy had. That wasn't what he had reservations about -- it was the rest of the plan, or, rather, his part in it.

He had to wait for the signal, ignoring how his guts were tying themselves into knots as the sounds of battle reached his ear. It really was incredible how easily you could see where the King was. Not merely because he towered over everyone, but because he was clearly where the bodies were being bisected with such force that limbs started flying in the air.

The effects were immediate. The formation began pushing through the army that vastly outnumbered them -- it was impossible for them not to, in Hjalmar's mind. After seeing the King in action… Well, they were getting a taste for watching enemies learning the hard way that the stories about him weren't exaggerations. If anything they were played down to be remotely believable. As he carved a line through the formation, the line was reinforced by those behind him.

From his position, he saw it widening as the enemy recoiled, stunned at what was happening, but not idle. He saw them responding, attempting to close the deepening wound in their formation. The result was that their arrow tip formation began to round out a bit, curving at the ends when the enemy started to spill over in an attempt to encircle them.

He waited for the arrow to be fired by the archers, the signal for his part in the battle. And, all too quickly, it came.

He barely felt it when Ulfar gave the command to charge forward, and their five hundred horsemen galloped towards where the King had carved his line. It was constantly shifting, and for a moment, Hjalmar thought that they were going to charge into the backs of their own army -- but then he saw it as they galloped forward at full speed.

The arrow-tip formation split apart, creating a channel directly towards the enemy reserves and commanders. The lines themselves bowed, becoming two curves as the others also received the signal to charge. In the corner of his eye, he could see the King's Companions revealing themselves, pouring out in a charge into the unsuspecting back of the army that had thought that they were winning.

It was an observation that lasted all of a second before their own charge struck, and the world became noise to Hjalmar. His poleaxe was leveled, skewering someone in the throat, and it nearly ripped him off his horse. It was only by expecting the resistance that he was able to fight it and remain seated. People were screaming in shock, pain, fear, and rage -- Hjalmar couldn't pay it any mind.

It was so easy to only focus on the enemy before you, but he had to keep an eye out for runners sent to give him commands and to shout orders to his own men. When he'd first fought, the battle seemed so chaotic. Messy. A place where the madness in all men was put on display. But with experience, and seated upon a horse, he saw that wasn't the case.

It was like throwing a rock into a still pond. The ripples expanded from the impact, and by following the source of the ripples, you found the impact.

More importantly, what he saw was a man wearing a crown in the thick of the fighting. He was young. Possibly the son of King Sturla, but he didn't know. Or much care. His face was pale, his eyes filled with the manic fury of someone who was in a corner that they knew they had to fight their way out of or die. From the looks of things, the man already understood that the battle was lost.

There was no recovering from something like this being done to their formation. People were already trying to flee, spilling out between the gaps from their offensive line and the cavalry charge. However, there was always a possibility. So, he galloped forward, hacking and slashing with his poleaxe, knowing that he was supported by a hundred of his men while Ulfar led the other four hundred to the same destination.

They were given a task and they would see it through.

There was a part of him that felt a bit bad for the young king, who was going red in the face as he screamed orders, trying to get back some control over his army. Even as fear was plain as day on his face. He'd likely woke up this morning afraid but determined. He took to the field with the belief that he could win, regardless of what the odds said. Hjalmar could only guess at what motivated him -- a sense of pride, perhaps greed, or even a sense of obligation.

And all of it was brought to an abrupt end because of a well-acted plan… and a well-placed swing.

'There's a lesson in that,' Hjalmar mused, the head of the king all but hacked off as his axe tore through his neck. Securing glory and a nice reward for his ever-growing coin purse by killing the right man. 'Something about the dangers of putting too much faith in what comes tomorrow.'

So until that tomorrow came, he would just live for today. One today at a time.

...

We have one more chapter of the Conquest left. Won't lie, I'm kinda breezing through it. Partly because dispersed tribes aren't going to have what it takes to honestly beat the army Sieg created, but also because the arc that comes next is something I have been waiting literal years to write. It's a big reason why I started Legends Never Die in the first place, so I'm really looking forward to it.

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 618 others
Ideas-Guy
Oct 29, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Greatest Stage New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 5, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,789
I would have liked to say that the final major battle of my conquest was a grand affair. That it was the great last stand of all those who would resist me as my armies marched on to connect my borders at Saxony. But to claim as such would be a lie, and not even a good one. In the aftermath of our second great victory, the tribes and clans along the coast of the Baltic Sea understood that resistance was futile.

Those that we propped up as rallying points found the armies underneath them melting away within the hour of it becoming clear that we were still fast approaching. In the month leading up to the final battle, we were besieged not by enemies, but by those who sought to negotiate the terms of their surrender, even offering to betray those few who still intended to resist us. Most, however, simply set down their weapons and went home, waiting for the word that they now served me to reach their doorstep.

In comparison to the battles that came before, it was entirely lackluster. By the time we arrived on the chosen battlefield, little more than ten thousand people took to the field against us. It was foolishness fueled by stubbornness and willful blindness, and an utter waste of their lives. But all the same, I found that I had a strange respect for these final warriors when I stood across from them on the battlefield. They refused to bend the knee, they refused to flee, and even knowing that they had no hope against me -- they still chose to fight and die rather than submit.

For that alone, they were deserving of respect.

But as for the battle itself? It was a slaughter as all expected. They were outnumbered and outmatched, armed only with what weapons they had been able to scrounge up and their determination. They wanted no quarter and received none. Some, a small number, surrendered when it was clear that the gods wouldn't part the skies and deliver me a crushing defeat as they'd hoped, and those few were spared.

Most, however, never surrendered. Even though it was clear that the battle had been lost, they still threw themselves into our spears and axes and swords.

The result was a gruesome field of corpses of the like that I had never truly seen before. I had spent roughly half of my life on the battlefield by this point, and I had watched thousands due at my command, but I had never seen such a volume of people slain on a single field in a single place. The corpses piled up until they became small hills, blood flowed in rivers, and the stench…

"Why… why didn't they just…?" Ragnar said, his hand tightly clutching at mine, and his face was bloodless as he looked out at the gruesome field. He wasn't a little boy anymore, even if he still felt entirely too young. Eight years old. I was only a few years older than him when I killed my first man. When I went raiding for the first time. Fought in my first battle.

Ragnar wasn't me. The gods didn't speak to him as they did me, but he benefited greatly from the Dynasty boons that I had chosen. He was quick-witted, charming, and took well to his training. He wasn't me, but he was a prince of an empire now. And I could only afford to coddle him so much.

So, I squeezed his hand reassuringly as I gave an answer, but I didn't let him look away. "Pride. And fear," I told him, watching as mercy was granted to those who were too far gone, while medical attention saved those who could be saved. "They feared the changes that I would bring, seeing it as a threat to their way of life. Their successes and failures both. They clung to the dream of independence, even when they knew that the battle was lost well before we arrived."

"Couldn't you have…?" Ragnar asked, his tone hesitant. Like he wasn't sure if he should ask.

"I could have," I admitted, knowing what he wanted to ask. There was the possibility that I could have brought these territories into my empire diplomatically, or with economic leverage, or with blackmail and bribes. "But our people value martial strength -- being able to fight, being able to win a battle, and being able to lead. Much of my reputation is built upon such things, and… this approach lent itself well to my needs and abilities."

Ragnar fell silent at that, looking out at the battlefield with me. He didn't yet understand what it meant. He couldn't. He was just a little boy, ignorant of the broader implications. All he could see was a field of corpses under the midday sun. So, I let go of his hand, making him look up at me. "It is a tradition to take the weapons of the fallen, so we can repurpose them into our arms, armor, and tools. I want you to help with the retrieval, Ragnar. For every blade that you retrieve… I will give you a bronze coin."

"I don't-" He started to deny with a shake of his head, but he cut himself off when I looked down at him. He didn't want to do it, I knew. Yet, I gave him a gentle push forward nonetheless, ushering him towards the battlefield and meeting the eyes of his huskarls. They gave me a sharp nod, knowing their duty should one of the corpses Ragnar approached prove lively.

Ragnar had his reservations, but he swallowed down his protests and did as I ordered. He approached one cooling corpse, looking a bit green, but he picked up a carving knife. He glanced back at me, almost pleading that would be enough, and wilted when he met my gaze before continuing with the task.

It was a hard lesson, I knew. And it was one that would serve him well. By the laws of our people, he was my heir, but it was too early to tell if that was a burden that he could carry. Even if he couldn't, however, as my son he would be expected to lead. Our people saw war as a glorious thing and a way to honor the gods. But the stories always left out how gruesome it was. How bloody. How wasteful.

Nearly ten thousand people had just died on this field, and they died for nothing.

I admired their conviction and their bravery -- they knew they stood no chance, yet they fought to the last. I admired it as much as I cursed it, because ten thousand people died on a field that they didn't need to. Despite their bravery, they were ruled by fear and doubts, so even when I toppled every argument that they could use against me, they still fought to the death. Because they were afraid of change.

Ragnar made his trips, depositing the weapons taken from the dead at my feet. The first time, he all but begged me with his eyes that that one trip would be enough. By the third, he stopped. By the fifth, he was more determined and by the tenth, the shock had worn off. By the final trip, he had amassed a pile of weapons at my feet, and only stopped from returning to the field when I reached out.

"What should be done, Ragnar?" I asked him, catching him off guard until I gestured to the field. "These people were the last of the resistance. The ones that chose to fight and die even when defeat was certain. Yet, they hadn't always been so few. Mere months ago, they stood a hundred thousand strong. But with every victory, cowards left the army, until it was only them. Those cowards still walk the realm within my kingdoms. So, what should be done?"

It wasn't the first time I had asked my children such questions -- thought exercises, as Alexios called them. Good for their development and thinking skills. However, it was the first time that the question wasn't in the realm of imagination. The sight before us gave a great deal more weight to the question.

Ragnar didn't know how to answer for a long minute, his face scrunching with intense concentration. "A… Runestone?" He ventured, sounding wary of giving the wrong answer. He watched my reaction, and when I prompted him with a raised eyebrow, he continued. "A Runestone that praises them. Their bravery. It'll shame those that ran away, and it'll show that you respect them?"

His answer still came out as a question, but it was a commendable answer. "A Runestone shall be erected then," I said, earning a slight smile from him as his suggestion was accepted. The truth of it was, a Runestone was always going to be erected -- there was a chain of them going down the coast that marked every notable battle of the conquest. But he didn't need to know that. He needed to be rewarded for thinking like a prince.

Meanwhile, the various Slavic tribes that flee away from the army will find themselves dispersed throughout my new kingdoms. The redistribution itself had been a great success thus far. Geatland, Sweden, Norway, and Finland all had their populations bolstered upwards of fifty thousand apiece. Meanwhile, the tribes and clans along the Baltic Coast had been shuffled around, surrounded by unfamiliar tribes rather than allies and enemies of old.

"So… it's done?" Ragnar asked me, and that was an excellent question, I could admit. I looked inward at the question given to me by the gods.

Grand Quest!


Objective: Unite the Baltic Sea
Description: Through Conquest, Diplomacy, or Guile, unite the lands around the Baltic Sea. Rewards are dependent on the method used to subjugate the territories. See Map for relevant territories that must be held.​

Reward: 1 Boon. 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown

Objective: Subjugate Denmark
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Norway
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Diplomacy

Objective: Subjugate Sweden
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Sápmi
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Finland
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Novograd
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Estonia
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Lithuania
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown.
Completed: Conquest

Objective: Subjugate Pomerania
Reward: 1 Perk. 500 Prestige. 100 Renown
Completed: Conquest

Total Reward: 1 Boon, 10 perks, 5000 Prestige, 1000 Renown

Bonus Objective: Complete the unification within 10 years.
Bonus Reward: Legendary Artifact

Of all the quests that I had completed, this offered the most rewards. The Prestige from the quest alone was enough to replace what I had spent on my Chosen and my wives, even without considering how much I had gained with the conquest itself. The Renown, in particular, was a great reward as it would allow me to reach the end of one of the Dynasty branches. The boon, something like True Vision or my Map, was a great benefit. The Legendary Artifact? That, I had yet to see, but if it matched the quality of Gram or the Cloak of Fenrir?

In short, the eleven perks were the least appealing reward for the quest.

And yet…

"No," I admitted to him. "This was the easy part, I'm afraid." I nearly laughed at the look Ragnar gave me. "They are united under my banner, that is true. But, what I have are twelve independent kingdoms that happen to be ruled by the same man." Twelve kingdoms, counting Saxony as King Widukind was poised to bend the knee now that the conquest was over. "Now begins the very long and very tedious process of binding them together with laws, religious rites, economics, and bureaucracy."

There was a reason why I chose this approach. Conquest allowed me to wipe the slate clean and enforce my way of doing things, even if the rewards in terms of perks was less than ideal by this point. The alternative was spending a decade, if not more, binding the tribes to my banner with marriages and promises. Over the course of three years of conquest however, I'd laid a framework for the empire I would rule. Now I needed to expand upon it-

"But… you won't have to leave again, right?" Ragnar questioned, and that cut through my looming thoughts of the near future like Gram.

"... No," I reassured him. "I'll be staying home for quite some time, I think," I told him, offering a hand for him to hold as we left the battlefield behind. "And by the time I must leave again, you and Magnus should be old enough to come with me."

He flashed a boyish smile of pure joy at that, the horrors of the battlefield swiftly forgotten in the face of what he really wanted -- a family reunion.

It was something that I quite wanted myself. While I had yet to see what the gods intended with the Legendary Artifact, I could be patient for that. Instead, I turned my attention to my Dynasty.

I had thought long about what choices I would make with the Renown the conquest granted me. I could reach the end of a single branch, or I could take the first few choices of each branch. For a very long time, I was undecided as to what the best approach would be -- what would give my bloodline the greatest advantage?

It was only on the eve of this battle that it struck me.

I was twenty-one years old. Provided that I didn't fall ill, to a blade, or poison, I had a long reign ahead of me. It had been unthinkable before, but one day I would grow older. I would be a forty year old man- something I previously thought of as ancient, but not now when I knew could live to become eighty, ninety, or even a hundred years old.

There was no way of knowing if I would live that long, of course, but I had been focusing too much on the short term in what I could do for my bloodline.

It was for that reason that I chose to reach the end of the Breeding Tree.

Breeding III
Select a trait that will be more prevalent in your bloodline:​
Quick -- 5% increase in experience gain
Hale -- Small health boost.
Comely -- An elevated baseline in attractiveness.
Fecund -- 10% increase in fertility.

It was best to be strong and smart, but it was better to be smart and weak than strong and dumb. That was my reasoning for choosing Quick as the trait that would become more prevalent.

Breeding IV​
25% increase in fertility. Moderate health boost. -25% Pregnancy Complication Chance

Breeding V​
+10 years to life expectancy, and Boon: Graceful Aging will be applied to Dynasty Members. There will be no skill loss due to age. Not applicable to age-related diseases.

I was satisfied with my choices as they rolled in. My dynasty wouldn't benefit from them for decades, but when Ragnar had children? Or grandchildren? The Legacies would continue to gain momentum well beyond my lifetime. In ten generations from now? Twenty? I could only imagine what my dynasty would look like.

For it was something that only the future generations would get to see.

…​

It might have been premature at the time, but preparations to celebrate our triumph had been long in the making as I took my army, twenty thousand strong, and completed the loop around what was now my territory. We marched along the coast, heading into Denmark through the border of Saxony, and then up a familiar path.

The Danevirk was almost unrecognizable. Four years didn't seem like such a great amount of time, but I was looking at proof otherwise as we stepped onto the Kingsroad. The miles long wooden palisade on a dirt mound was nowhere to be seen. Instead, the palisade had been replaced by tall stone walls, with watchtowers every fifty yards or so, while before the wall was not a ditch but a moat. A wider and deeper pit inlaid with sheer stones, leaving a bridge as the only means to pass through the fortification.

The Danevirk had been one of the first great projects I'd completed, largely to discourage anyone from retaliating at the seat of my power while I was away. It felt good to walk beneath it, once more returning home, and the mud paths gave way to a long stone road. I sat at the head of the army, and at every village and town that we passed, we were celebrated.

People cheered and threw flower petals, welcoming us as heroes. Not a single one of my warriors paid for their own drinks or a companion of the night anywhere we went. First, we went to Hedeby and saw that it had grown well under the guidance of Kassandra, Thorkell's now wife. Then we saw the same as we took the longway, visiting Ribe. And then, finally, we returned to Alabu, Horrik's previous seat of power, and found it just as unrecognizable as the Danevirk.

All the cities had grown by a considerable margin -- they were centerpieces and places of opportunity. However, as we made the trip to Sjaelland, I would have thought that our previous stops would have prepared us for what to expect when we reached Miklagard.

I was sorely mistaken.

The moment the army came into sight, the people of Miklagard cheered with such fervor that the air seemed to tremble from the force. They gathered on crowded streets and on the buildings overhead, throwing down more flowers and pedals. They danced in the streets, chanting names, and women grabbed warriors from the marching column just to give them a kiss. The joy in the capital was so loud that I only realized that music was playing when I saw the instruments.

I allowed myself a moment to bask in it, riding with Ragnar, who was determined to wave and smile at everyone we passed by. Something much easier said than done because the city itself had changed a great deal in the three years that I had been gone. Not to the point of being unrecognizable, of course, but it had developed considerably.

Happiness: 95%
Quality of Life: 8/10
Population: 108,467
Population Growth: +8.5% increase per year
Wealth: 65,888
Security: 80% per pop
Education: 35% per pop
Religion: 95% Norse Paganism, 1% Norse Christianity, 4% Judaism

I was quite proud of how Miklagard had developed, and I knew that would only prove more true as time went by. The city was expanding, reaching a hundred thousand people in but a few years, and it bore that explosive growth with grace that could only come from great preparation. And as we rode on, I saw the half constructed forms of several of my planned monuments.

It stole my breath away when I saw that the Colosseum's construction was well underway, as it shaped up to be every bit as glorious as the one I had seen in Rome, though I knew that once it was complete it would surpass it in glory. There would be other monuments on the way -- great temples, a hippodrome, a grand library, a university, and more. I had spent countless nights painstakingly detailing what Miklagard would one day become and, thus far, the blueprint was holding strong.

Even incomplete, the Colosseum was large enough to house my army and those who would bear witness to such a monumental day. We passed through the gates into the Colosseum, and in the center I saw a raised platform. A stage where a number of people of note were gathered, but none more so than my wives and my children.

My heart twisted when I saw Bjorn and Radahn -- both of them looking at Jill and Jasmine, searching for confirmation that I was their father. They weren't babies anymore. They were three years old, still so very young, but it felt like I had missed so much. They were joined by Scáthach and Aífe, the twin sisters standing next to each other without fussing or picking a fight. Magnus stood next to his mother, appearing as dignified as he could manage when he was vibrating with excitement.

I had known that the conquest would take me from home for years, but seeing them was a balm to my spirit.

Enough so that I almost missed the others that stood on the stage I and my companions rode towards while the rest of my army split off. Jill, Jasmine, and Morrigan were all there. As were my mother, my brothers, sisters, and nephews. And, with them, were Kings Hoffer and Windukind.

The cheering swelled until I thought the Colosseum was going to crumble apart when the people saw me and my army. Their cries reached a fever pitch when I dismounted my horse, walking up the steps of the platform alongside Astrid and Ragnar with my Chosen behind us. There was a lot I wanted to say, to everyone, but there wasn't any time for it. 'Later', I told my mother with my eyes when I saw her's brimming with unshed tears.

As I ascended the steps towards the highest platform, where my throne had been relocated, I saw that there was one person whom I didn't recognize. He was a young man, around fourteen or fifteen if I had to guess. Small for his age, but well muscled, and both of his hands had blacksmith's calluses. He seemed entirely overwhelmed when he thrust a pillow towards me, and upon it I saw…

The Legendary Artifact, I assume.

It was a thing of beauty. I'd never thought that I would need a crown, not when the cloak I wore served the same purpose, but as I took it from its pillow, I was forced to revise that opinion. The crown was made of gold and black iron -- in the shape of fifteen swords that were pointed upwards, their crossguards interlocked by roots that held sizable precious gemstones in place. I tested its weight in my hands while the young man shuffled nervously, waiting for my reaction.

"Why fifteen swords?" I asked him, brushing a thumb over the crown. He seemed a bit caught off guard by the question, blinking at me like he never even considered it.

"I don't know?" The young man answered, tilting his head at the crown he had forged like it possessed a mystery that he wasn't aware of.

Fifteen swords. Fifteen kingdoms.

"The gods spoke into your ear about my future plans, it seems," I mused with some amusement, making his jaw drop. "What is your name?"

"Sindri. Uh, Your Majesty," he added after a moment, far more interested in the crown than me. I liked him already.

"You did masterful work, Sindri," I praised him, giving him a small nod before I stepped past him. I gazed out at the roaring crowd for a moment, seeing the adoration and joy in their faces. The vindication that their bet on me had proven right.

Then, slowly, I raised my arms and lowered the crown upon my brow… and the adage was quite accurate, I thought to myself as I took a seat in my throne before King Hoffer and King Windukind both approached at the head of a long line of those seeking to swear loyalty.

Heavy was the crown indeed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 657 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 5, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Hunchback New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 12, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,850
"God forgive me, I should have killed him when I had the chance," the famed Charlemagne uttered, pinching the bridge of his nose as he sat at the head of a long table that Pepin wasn't welcome to sit at. Instead, he watched on from the shadows as his… family… gathered. "If not when he was a boy, then in Rome. Damn him!"

It was a rare thing to see Charlemagne in such a state. His famous control slipped behind closed doors as he slammed a letter upon the table with enough force that the others were startled. His control didn't slip for long, however. The Frankish King and aspiring Roman Emperor took in a slow breath and visibly gathered himself.

"Pepin," Charlemagne started, his voice calmer. And, for a moment, he nearly stirred from the shadows but he knew it wasn't to him that Charlemagne spoke to. Instead, it was a boy at the table, barely old enough to call himself a man. A boy that still wasn't quite used to his new Christianized name. A name that had been his. "Do you know what troubles me so about this message?"

Pepin of Italy, as he was now known. Not Carloman, as he had been born as. The boy hesitated in his answer, his gaze darting to their father and then to the letter, and then to the shadows where he hid.

It would be an easy thing to lead the boy astray. To sabotage him. But, that would be a needless action for a fleeting moment of superiority. Instead, he mouthed the answer.

'Barbarians. Uniting,' Pepin the Elder, though he was known as a much less flattering name, mouthed to his younger brother. His younger brother who was in a seat that should be his. With a name that was his.

Carloman, as Pepin would know him as nothing else, looked back to their father. "The barbarians are uniting. Before… they were sparse and easily dispersed. King Siegfried has bound those loosely connected tribes and forged a kingdom out of them." Carloman wasn't entirely witless. Just prone to panic when confronted with a question.

"Not a kingdom. An empire," their father corrected sternly, his lips thinning. "He acted faster than I expected. Three years. In three years, he turned rabble into Rome. Damn him, I'm almost impressed." Charlemagne admitted, sounding entirely unhappy about the fact. As he should be.

Siegfried the Wolfkissed was a figure that was well known to Pepin by now. It was strange to think that they were of a similar age. Once, during the Saxon rebellion, Charlemagne spoke of the boy with some amusement. Calling him a 'rare soul amongst the soulless.' That opinion changed when the Saxon rebellion turned from a manageable problem to the 'first' blemish on his sterling reputation. Then he was an irritant that his father expected to never hear of again.

It had been an unwelcome surprise to learn that Siegfried, instead of returning to his frozen homeland, had found a place in the remnants of the Roman Empire, but no more than that. The boy was a curiosity and a sore point, but then came the campaign into the Umayyad Caliphate and Charlemagne's humiliation. Perched upon a hill, Siegfried extorted both the Frankish King and the Caliph to buy his inaction for days on end.

But this was different. Something very different.

Siegfried had returned to Denmark and swiftly took the crown. That was to be expected. He forged an alliance with Norway and Saxony, which was a cause for concern but Charlemagne had no plans to retake the rebellious territory. At least, not any time soon. They weren't blind to Siegfried's activities, but the young King acted with a blistering speed and rapid conquest that turned a small out of the way kingdom that was barely worth remembering into an empire that now sat on their northern doorstep.

They had still been deciding on whether they should intervene or not when a fully realized empire just seemed to appear from thin air. It was almost hilarious how absurd the whole thing was. But Pepin couldn't bring himself to laugh simply because… because for the very first time, he had seen his father afraid.

The invincible, the unstoppable, the unyielding and inevitable King of the Franks… was afraid of the threat that the Pagan King Siegfried posed to him and all of his ambitions.

"But, they're not an empire yet, right?" Carloman questioned, earning a thin smile of approval from their father.

"No, not yet. Not truly. Though, it is only a matter of time. Siegfried is the most cunning creature I've ever met. He is my equal in every way," Charlemagne uttered with a sense of superiority. As if there could be no one greater than he, thus anyone who could match him was merely his equal and not a superior. "Tale spreads of his next actions -- codifying laws, establishing mints and trading currency… it is not an empire yet. But it will be."

The irritating part was that he wasn't wrong. Pepin had a number of sketches that were of the city 'Miklagard', and the city was impressive. Rome and Constantinople writ small, as it were, but that was changing by the day. Siegfried had taken the territory and people, and now he was binding them together with trade, religion, and bureaucracy. In the months since his coronation, the transition of independent tribal leaders to bureaucratic society was full of challenges and pitfalls, yet King Siegfried seemed well prepared for all of them.

It was enough to draw a conclusion in Pepin's mind. If the 'Scandinavian Empire' survived the decade, then it would survive a century. There would be enough social momentum to carry it that long, at least.

"What do we do?" Carloman asked, a note of trepidation entering his voice. A note that wasn't missed by their father, who narrowed his eyes with displeasure. Yet, Carloman was spared a remark or rebuke.

"For now? Nothing," Charlemagne admitted, leaning back into his seat, sounding quite displeased with the truth. "Our forces are tied up to the southeast, against the Magyars. As well in the west against the Abbasids. We cannot afford a protracted war in the north as well. At least, not a traditional one."

Carloman sat up in his seat a little, "You speak of assassination?"

"Among many things," Charlemagne confirmed. "Sponsoring raids into his borders, bribing officials, cultivating spies -- there are many things we can do to make the young king stumble."

"Won't that provoke him? You said we can't afford a war with him, and if he knows that too…" Carloman trailed off, lacking the spine to challenge their father directly. Pepin bit his tongue to avoid speaking, knowing that it wouldn't be worth it.

Charlemagne gave a small nod, "He is aware. However, he will not attack. He knows me as the only one who could defeat him on the field of battle, and he will not take such a risk until his rule is secure." Then there was a small exhale through his nose, something resembling a laugh. "Though, I suspect that he will trouble us in a similar manner as I intend to trouble him."

Both of them were in positions where they could not freely wage war with the other. Siegfried and his Scandinavian Empire were too new and fragile. The Franks, however, were building ten thousand cultural bridges with the Romans to resuscitate a dead Empire. The result was that, despite both being uniquely vulnerable to the other, neither could afford to seize upon that weakness in any meaningful way.

Meaning that the only thing to do was to prepare for a war that both sides knew was coming.

"Hm. No matter, the Pagan is not your burden to bear, Pepin," Charlemagne assured Carloman and Pepin tasted iron from how harshly he bit his tongue. "Your betrothal is your concern. Have you prepared yourself for it?"

"Yes, father," Carloman said, his tone resigned yet dutiful.

"Your marriage is an important cornerstone of this process," Charlemagne lectured and Pepin grit his teeth as humiliation and shame flowed through him. "It is the first of many amongst the nobility and a prelude to my own with Empress Irene. I understand your fears and reservations. The Romans are a great but strange people. But take heart -- you are a prince of the Franks, and you are my son."

Pepin distracted himself from the conversation and the pride in his father's voice that was reserved for all but him. He focused on the truth of the matter.

The Franks and the Romans were coming to a crucial juncture in the unification of their empires. It had been near five years since the effort began -- there had been countless talks about the steps leading up to the first step, and that first true step was finally upon them. And that step was marriages.

It felt like every able bodied man and woman who wasn't already wed was being offered to the altar of matrimony, be they nobility or merchant. Spearheading the first round of marriages was Carloman, who was marrying the daughter of a 'Strategos' or Duke of the Romans. It, and more than a hundred other marriages would be celebrated in Rome and Constantinople.

Up until this point, they merely had an alliance. Joint action against the Magyars, with the horse lords being chased out of their territory. The Balkans were secured, as was additional lands reaching the Carpathian Mountains. The territory was still being settled, and likely would be for years more, but it was the first time in centuries that the West and East shared a border. It was progress. Proof that the unification was more than a dream.

Carloman's marriage was an important one. The binding of their nobility before the unification was punctuated with the marriage between Charlemagne and Irene -- then and only then would the Roman Empire be reforged anew-

"Pepin," Charlemagne said, interrupting his thoughts. At first, he dismissed the summons, thinking that he was speaking to Carloman, only to realize he had been so lost in his thoughts he missed Carloman being dismissed.

Slowly, shamefully, Pepin emerged from the shadows and into his father's gaze that he struggled to meet. The scorn was there. The subtle disgust in his eyes was present, as it was in all of those who saw him. All save for his mother, but she was all but banished from court for the sin of his birth.

He was born as a prince.

Now he was Pepin the Hunchback. To any who spoke of him, if they spoke of him at all, then they called his birth a lesson. God thought Charlemagne needed to learn humility, so he delivered him a twisted monstrosity of a son. Or, he was sent as a punishment for the act of kinslaying to reunite the Frankish kingdom that his father had split by slaying his brother.

Pepin wasn't sure if he believed in God, but if he did exist, and his torment was for nothing more than to punish his father?

Then God was a real bastard.

"Father," Pepin managed with as much dignity as he could muster. Which wasn't much. He'd been stripped of everything -- his status as a prince, his inheritance, Charlemagne had even taken his name and given it to his brother. All so the stain on his legacy could be washed away. Yet, he was still… here. Neither dead nor banished, yet not welcomed or acknowledged. A strange purgatory where his fate could be decided by the hour or a whim.

No. That wasn't true. His father would never accept him.

"I have use for you," Charlemagne informed without any warmth. He did not gesture for him to sit, and Pepin knew that he wouldn't. The table was for friends and family, and he was neither.

"That much is obvious, Father," Pepin replied. It was stupid. Foolish. But every time he reminded Charlemagne of their relation, that he was his son, and seeing the flash of… indignation rise in his eyes… it was worth it, even if it cost him the little he had left. "You didn't ask me here for my company and you've never been keen on listening to counsel other than your own."

"And that of God," Charlemagne replied, his tone even. At least he didn't deny it.

"How might I be of service?" Pepin asked, giving a mockery of a bow, drawing attention to his… affliction. As much as he hated it, Pepin knew that Charlemagne hated it more.

God might be a bastard, but if he was placed on this Earth to make his father suffer… then he would reach Heaven's gates knowing he did his duty well.

"Siegfried the Wolfkissed," Charlemagne uttered the name. That burden was to be his, then? It made sense. Carloman and his brothers would be married into Rome's old nobility. Eldest son of Charlemagne or not, none would wed him so he was quite useless in that regard. "The next few years are crucial for us. And for him."

"You expect him to expand, then?" Pepin questioned, and Charlemagne shook his head.

"No. Not for years. Not within the decade, at least," Charlemagne answered with swift confidence. "However, he will not remain idle. The exiled Bulgarian rides with him."

"As will the Magyar Tiger," Pepin added. The Magyars were a nomadic people at heart, but they had long since settled on that stretch of flatlands with their herds of horses. Most had accepted defeat and bent the knee, but some had left the land and last reports said that they were traveling north. It was little wonder who they intended to take sanctuary with.

Charlemagne inclined his head, ever so slightly. "He will support them in their bids of reconquest or resettlement. As he already has with that thorn in the Mediterranean. But, more importantly, he will seek the same thing as I with the Abbasids -- a common enemy."

Pepin clenched his jaw as Charlemagne had that far away look as if he were gazing years into the future. There was something in his voice that always set his teeth on edge.

There was little doubt in Pepin's mind that Charlemagne hated Siegfried. The kind of hate that was poisonous to one's soul. Charlemagne would damn himself to the harshest corner of Hell if it meant Siegfried would suffer beside him.

Yet, there was… respect. Admiration, almost. Something that he reserved for Siegfried and Siegfried alone.

"Now that he has conquered the tribes, the easiest way to get them to obey is to push them in a direction they already wish to. In doing so, he will validate his rule with success," Charlemagne continued. "There are two directions he can look to without locking horns with me -- west and east."

Pepin nodded slowly, "You expect for him to invade Britannia?"

"He will attack it, at the very least," Charlemagne ventured. "Likely with one of their 'Great Raids.' It will finance future construction and institutions in his budding empire, and it will allow him to inspect the lands for future conquest at a later date." He sounded so certain of it that Pepin was inclined to believe him.

He had a great many issues with his father, but he would never doubt him as a king. All the more so, his words matched Pepin's thoughts.

Britannia was a foggy, frigid, and miserable place by all accounts. However, to the barbarians that lived in a frozen wasteland most of the year, it would be a paradise. It was densely populated, extensively cultivated, and rich with plunder while being close by. To the east, however, there was a vast stretch of… nothing, for the most part.

But that would have great appeal to a young conquering king. The great plains were hardly empty, but there were few who could offer true resistance there. He could expand hundreds of miles at a time seemingly endlessly until he reached someone of note, but Pepin was uncertain who that could even be.

However, Britannia had more immediate benefits, and Siegfried wasn't the type to overextend without care.

"I do hope you don't intend for me to guard the coastline of Britannia on my lonesome, Father," Pepin replied, his tone cutting. "I'm not much good with a sword."

"Ecbert of Wessex," Charlemagne continued as if he hadn't said anything. "He spent some time in my court before assuming his own rulership. I remember him as a clever man -- ruthless, politically aware, and not devoid of charm." Pepin possessed some vague memories of the man as well.

The man had been clever, from his recollections, though it had been more than ten years ago. He was someone who made sure that he was easy to like and hard to hate, but without ever having a strong opinion on anything.

"You shall join his court," Charlemagne informed him, something he expected. The when or where or how he would be sent away was always a question, but never why. Banishment, in essence. Dressed up as giving an ally aid, securing the family's interests, but banishment all the same. "From there, we will coordinate and provide what Lord Ecbert requires to secure his realm against the Pagans along with whatever aid is needed to ensure that we have a stalwart ally on the island."

In essence, they would fuel his dreams of a united 'England.' His knowledge of Britannia was somewhat limited, but he knew the broad strokes due to investigating it as an area of interest. Wessex had enjoyed a recent surge in prominence, likely due to Ecbert's leadership, but it was still a distant second power on the island. Mercia was by far the most powerful petty kingdom in Britannia, which wasn't exactly saying much.

Cornwall was notable only in that it was independent. The Welsh were squabbling tribes who hated the Anglo-Saxons just barely more than they hated each other. The same could be said for the Irish. Alba was the most whole of the kingdoms, but they were sparse and clung to their highlands to spit upon the 'lowlanders.' In short, it would seem to many that Charlemagne had overly high hopes for the squabbling island.

Only his father had no expectation that Britannia would be able to resist Siegfried when the time came. What he wanted was to bleed him. He wanted to trade gold and silver for time and lives -- build up Britannia to make it a proper fight, inspire resistance when the Pagan King came to settle the new lands, and leave the island as a persistent thorn in his side. Repaying the thorn that Siegfried had left behind in the Mediterranean.

His father was nothing if not petty.

Pepin breathed in slowly, clenching his jaw as a dozen thoughts and retorts nearly made it off his tongue. Yet, he swallowed them all down as he had learned to and instead bowed his head, "As you will, Father."

It was all he could do -- no amount of crying or protesting would change his decision. He would go to Wessex, even if he had to be bound, gagged, and tossed onto the ship. So, he would accept the task given. He would go to Ecbert's court. And there, he would do what he had been tasked to do.

For now.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, Andell and 618 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 12, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Battles to Come New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Nov 19, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,898
Another winter came and went, bringing spring once more and marking the first year of a united Scandinavia.

The months following my conquest were no less challenging than the conquest itself. The iron needed to be struck while it was hot, so I took advantage of the months leading up to winter to solidify my rule in the newest territories that fell under my domain. There were endless meetings, countless deals that needed to be made, bureaucracy that was created from scratch needed to be set in place. All in preparation for what I knew was coming.

"Allvaldr," Ulfar uttered, bowing his head and kneeling before me in my favorite meeting room of the palace. The spinning room I'd created in Crete was a rough draft for the one I perfected for my own use. The open-air room was lavishly decorated with statues carved from my own hand and the first of the stained glass windows detecting stories of Thor, the Allfather, and more hovered overhead, casting the room in a colorful hue.

Ulfar wasn't my first choice for the task that I had in mind. Too connected to the politics that was once more finding it's footing as stability was brought to Scandinavia. His father was a political animal, but Ulfar himself was a competent man. Smart, capable, decisive. He should not suffer for my dislike of his father.

"Allvaldr," Hjalmar echoed, kneeling next to him with his head bowed. Yet he still watched me from the corners of his eyes, and it was good that his gaze hadn't changed. I could practically see him planning to rob me.

He was closer to my first choice, but still not at the top of the list. If I was being honest, the task was one I was inclined to trust only to Thorkell, but that wasn't an option any longer. I needed him here, in Scandinavia, not half a world away.

"Rise," I commanded, giving them a gesture and they did so. "Do you know why I have summoned the two of you here?"

"No, Allvaldr," Ulfar answered.

Allvaldr. The title I had taken -- my people's equivalent to Emperor. 'Holder of All Power' sounded quite grandiose, and it was. It was also more true than not. Empress Irene and now Emperor Charlemagne traced the legitimacy of their titles through the Roman Empire. Because my lands were never ruled by Rome, such a title as 'Emperor' meant little, so a new one had to be created. Though it was but one of many that had been placed upon my shoulders.

"I'm sure that you are aware that with the arrival of spring and the end of the conquest, many young men will seek to follow in my footsteps. Sailing to the Mediterranean to find their fortune," I said, and there was a brief look of contrition passing over Hjalmar's face. "How many do you think will set sail?"

There was a beat of loud silence between us before Hjalmar found his voice, "As many that can fit in a longship," he said and I nodded.

"Aye. I expect some will travel by foot once the ships are underway," I said, a sigh in my voice. It was something I'd anticipated well in advance, but as much as my success in the Mediterranean helped me, it was also hobbling me. Thousands, if not tens of thousands of young men were eager to make their fortune. I had proven that it was possible there. With the wealth I had taken from that distant sea, I had built an empire.

I expected an entire generation of young men would sail to the Mediterranean and never return. Some would, and they would bring tales of either failure or success. Which would only encourage others to make the journey, leaving my kingdom with a steady hemorrhage of young men of fighting age. It wouldn't be a fatal bleeding, but it would be a steady loss of talent and strength.

It was unavoidable too. Short of smashing every ship and binding people with chains, they would leave. Which left me in search of ways to mitigate the bleeding rather than searing the wound closed -- creating opportunities closer to home first and foremost among them. Sailing halfway across the world was no small risk, and raiding always came with its own risks. Since I became King of Denmark, I had been preparing for this eventuality by laying the groundwork for trades.

Blacksmithing, woodcarving, carpentry, glassworking, and more. The first generation of tradesmen had graduated from their trade schools and apprenticeships. They weren't yet masters, but they were capable and there was much to be done in building my empire. I had already expanded upon those learning opportunities across my dominion, and that would prevent some from leaving. It was easier to stay and find a good trade to ply than it was to leave and risk the unknown.

Other opportunities consisted of the garrison forces that I was establishing across Scandinavia. Garrisons of five thousand warriors would police and guard a region, alongside the Rangers. There were few things more tempting than good pay that you didn't have to fight for. They would repel the raids that had been robbing at my borders, most of them sponsored by Charlemagne and Irene. They would hunt bandits, keep the roads safe, and serve as a maintenance force for infrastructure.

But that still wouldn't be enough. It wasn't enough. Which was why I had summoned Ulfar and Hjalmar here.

"Both of you distinguished yourself during the conquest," I said, gesturing for them to take seats across from me. They did so with some hesitation. "You earned your arms and armor. You displayed a keen sense of tactics. You are respected by your men and others. It is for these reasons I have a task for you both, should you accept it."

"Should?" Hjalmar echoed, sounding surprised that it was a choice.

"The men -- be they boys or warriors, will need a steadying hand on the journey to the Mediterranean, and within King Hoffer's territory. We discussed the matter years ago, long before I returned to Denmark, about how our people would flock to his kingdom. How there is a risk of… destabilizing elements hiding in the migration of hot blooded warriors." Which was a polite way of saying that someone would do something stupid and try to overthrow Hoffer.

I expected him to be entrenched and his rule stabilized, but an influx of thousands of plunder hungry raiders would be a task for anyone to manage.

"What I ask of you is that you each take a thousand men under your command. You will be outfitted with supplies, ships, and funds to support the endeavor," I continued, earning their full attention. "With that, leverage yourselves into positions of authority amongst those that set sail. Organize them under your command, however large in numbers they might become. That way, rather than a disunified mob of hundreds of individual ships, it shall appear to be a sanctioned expedition."

Some, of course, would still strike out on their own, but most wouldn't. Most would flock to those they saw as winners -- Ulfar and Hjalmar had distinguished themselves, far more than either likely realized. They were my chosen pieces when it came to winning two of the great battles during the conquest, and they'd won much renown before then by participating in a saga's worth of battles, both big and small. People would flock to them for much the same reasons that people had flocked to me.

"You want to make the flood of warriors leaving the empire seem like it was your idea?" Hjalmar summarized, sounding like he was impressed and scandalized in equal measures.

"Essentially," I admitted. "That way, in five years time, when you return… I suspect most will return with you." I couldn't stop hot blooded young men from trying to reenact my success, so I would instead act as if I were giving them my blessing. That came with its own problems, but they were manageable.

"What will happen in five years time?" Ulfar questioned and I offered a thin smile.

"A Great Raid," I answered. "One similar to what I conducted upon the Umayyad Caliphate, only on an even grander scale." It was a move that Charlemagne already anticipated. He understood what I was trying to do all too well.

Building an empire was a costly thing. My spoils from the Mediterranean could only go so far. It had fueled the conquest and construction, but my budding economy would consume itself without further funding at the rate I was building. Which meant that I either had to slow things down, which was unacceptable given the various deadlines I aimed to meet to ensure we were ready when Charlemagne was in a position to look to the new empire on his northern border. Or I could secure another influx of funds to fuel my construction for another decade to come.

And, by that time, the bulk of the foundations would be set and settled, meaning I could afford to slow my construction efforts.

"I imagine that would be enough to tempt us back," Hjalmar snorted, but then he caught himself, looking at me with the expectation that I would be offended.

"Aye, I imagine so," I agreed whole heartedly. It wouldn't be as simple as it was with the Umayyad Caliphate. In the end, they had been painfully outmanuvered, caught between a rock and a hard place before I slipped a knife between their ribs and twisted it. Word had already reached me that Charlemagne had sent his eldest son Pepin to the court of Ecbert to prepare them for our eventual arrival.

Pepin was maimed in body, but from all that I had heard, Charlemagne valued him for his keen mind and sharp wit. He could not be the heir, however much Pepin might wish to be, but he served his father loyally.

Come five years from now, I expected we would meet a prepared foe when we arrived on the shores of Britannia.

"During that time, I want you to elevate those of merit -- as you two were elevated," I continued. "Find those skilled and capable, and test them. Raid freely along the Frankish and Roman coasts. Have them earn their iron. Come five years, I expect you to return with a thousand Ironclads each." It would also be a good way to repay Charlemagne and Irene for the sponsored raids into my borders.

The Great Raid itself would be an excellent way to explore and weaken Britannia. I intended to leave its shores with every scrap of wealth found on the island, destroy local leaders and preserve those that I would have future use for. All the while, I would learn the terrain and prepare for another invasion.

One far in the future, another ten to fifteen years perhaps. One that would come once the islands had recovered and my children would be grown. Ragnar and Magnus would be old enough to participate in the Great Raid, allowing them to earn their own renown. My shadow would be a long one, but this would prove that they could stand on their own two feet. Then, in the future, I would launch an invasion with the intention of conquering Britannia with all of my children.

It would be an important step in preserving the alliance with the Abbasids. The strait between Francia and Britannia would be a vital artery between my empire and the Caliphate. It would be too important to leave in another's hands.

Britannia would be the last time I would expand. However long my reign might be, whatever wars would come and go -- I had no intention of expanding beyond the borders I had erected. The rest of my life would be spent building the empire that my children and grandchildren would inherit. Any expansion that would come after would come from my children as they earned their own renown.

"You honor us, Allvaldr," Ulfar was quick to accept the mission. It was a good opportunity, and he understood that. The Mediterranean was full of wealth, it would give him a chance to prove his leadership, and by the time he returned, he would have cemented himself as a natural leader.

I had taken care to separate the nobility from the military. It was impossible to completely separate the two -- ours was a martial culture, and people followed those that had proven themselves in war. However, I wanted to circumvent the issue of any talented general deciding it was a sign he should rule the empire. Thus I bound the military heavily to the crown rather than to the local Jarls.

"Why me?" Hjalmar questioned, earning my attention. "Ulfar, I understand. But it should be obvious I only got this far riding on his and his father's coattails." Ulfar seemed aghast, though I wasn't sure if it was because of the naked honesty or he somehow thought his father's meddling with his career was hidden. "Why expect anything from me?"

I considered the answer for a moment, before I settled on honesty. "You're capable enough. More than you realize, I think. But the truth of it is… you don't look at me like I'm some god. Actually, you look at me like you're planning to rob me. It's quite refreshing." A smirk grew as his jaw dropped and closed with a click, only to begin floundering like a fish gasping for air. "Despite all that is said of me, despite all that I am capable of… I am a man. Human. Perhaps I have a divine ancestor, and their blood shows in me -- but my father was Erik Sigurdson, a man, as am I. Even those closest to me tend to forget that. You… you simply don't care."

It took him a moment to find his voice while Ulfar seemed pensive. Swallowing thickly, Hjalmar shuffled much like a child caught doing something he shouldn't. "I wouldn't think to steal from you, your grace."

I raised an eyebrow, "Out of respect?"

"You'd catch me," he admitted with a hesitant smile. Then he inclined his head, "By your will, Allvaldr."

I accepted that and made a gesture for them to be dismissed. I didn't need to worry. Things were well in hand with them. Though it did set one other thing in motion, so I stood up to deal with it.

My palace had continued its expansion over the years. The core of it had been completed by the end of my first year as King of Denmark, but in the years since, the western and eastern wings had been completed. Each wing, much like the core building, was five stories tall with various amenities that one would expect from a palace. It seemed entirely too large for one family, but that was the point.

I strode by various statues and pieces of art -- some had been made by my own hands, but there were a few made by others, the popularity of such endeavors growing as my teachings spread. It was something I hadn't expected. My hobby of art had passed on, people assigning importance to it simply because I did. It was unintended, but I welcomed it.

All the while, my head swam with plans and thoughts for the meetings that would soon come.

Unlike Norway, Denmark, and Saxony, the newest territories I had conquered had no defined kingdom. They were only defined by the will of the gods, which had me, in essence, creating several nations from the various tribes that now settled the area. It was a tedious affair, and with King Hoffer, Astrid's father, the precedent was that each territory would possess a king to rule over things.

Leaving me to create those kingdoms. Which naturally raised the question of who would lead them.

My brothers felt like obvious choices. Halfdan and Haldur both were capable leaders. They were kin. More than that, with them as kings they would count more towards the Dynasty tree, allowing more Dynasty boons. To that end, I was inclined to put a son at the head of every kingdom, even if I knew that it would be a poor idea.

It would give several of my descendants not only a claim to the throne, but also power to claim it with. As much as I liked to believe none of my descendants would fall to such depravity as kinslaying for the sake of power… as King, as Allvaldr, I couldn't believe something merely because I wanted to.

Which left me pondering how exactly to forge stable kingdoms, and who would lead them.

At the very least, I did have one easy answer.

"Krum," I greeted the Bulgarian noble, emerging from the palace to the gardens where he sat on a bench patiently. The man looked up, and he had changed in subtle ways since he agreed to come with me in a desperate gamble to gain the support he needed to liberate his people. Then, he had been a lean man, gaunt from a year of recovery, running, and hard living.

He had proven himself during the conquest. He had learned his lessons well from his defeat at my hands and studying my way of waging war. My focus had largely been elsewhere during the conquest, if I was being perfectly honest, but that was because I knew I could trust him to handle his end of things without issue.

It seemed like quite a shame to let the man go -- he was obviously talented at warfare, and I could use a man like him in court. However… he was more useful elsewhere. In particular, as a thorn in the side of the Romans.

"High King Siegfried," Krum greeted me, standing up. We clasped forearms, and I gestured for him to follow me. "I'm surprised you have the time to meet with me." From another, it might have sounded like a reproachful remark, but from him it was more of an idle remark.

Because, just as I was establishing several kingdoms, their structure and territories, I was also attempting to codify hundreds of individual tribes' laws and practices. It was anything but a simple task.

"You have been a reliable ally. Something I hope remains true in the future. Our alliance was always temporary in nature, true, but an enemy of the Romans is a friend of mine," I said, earning a thin smile with hints of teeth.

He nodded as we walked through the garden, which was filled with flowers, statues, and various medical herbs. "It is time for me to return home," he agreed.

"You will return with an army and funds," I said, as promised. It was something for which I was making use of the flux of hot-blooded warriors leaving my empire. They would be looking for a fight and for spoils, and aiding Krum with his liberation of Bulgaria was a natural starting point. "Two thousand warriors led by some of my veterans, as well as funds for mercenaries and to arm your own people. To rebuild what the Romans have destroyed."

A grunt escaped the back of Krum's throat at that, and I could almost see him swallowing a remark. Still, he left it unsaid and inclined his head to me, "The aid is more than I expected. I thank you for it," he said instead.

I was uncertain if Bulgaria would ever successfully rebel. It was too close to Constantinople for the Roman Empire to accept when they had the strength to remove such a threat that was practically on their doorstep. What I did expect to happen was that Krum would spend the remainder of his life being a problem for the Romans, regardless of success.

My hope was the establishment of an ally near the Black Sea and the Dnieper River. So long as that was true, I will have gotten what I wanted from the alliance.

We reached the edge of the gardens, "I wish you luck in the battles to come," I told him, knowing that the next stage of things was crucial. I had established my empire, but now I needed to foster alliances. The alliance with the Abbasids was a useful one to have, but I couldn't rely on them exclusively. I needed to increase the pressure on Rome.

Which had me taking this new approach -- as I established my kingdom, I had created a sphere of influence. I wanted to draw various allies into that sphere and use them against the Romans.

I had no idea what the future held, but I couldn't be sure if the death of the Roman Empire would happen in my lifetime. I needed to prepare for the possibility that Rome would survive the defeat of Charlemagne when we inevitably clashed for the final time. Just as I needed to prepare for the possibility that I would be the one defeated in that final clash.

One thing was certain, however.

The next few years will decide the future for centuries to come.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Velveteen_rabbit, Eri111111 and 599 others
Ideas-Guy
Nov 19, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Quieter Times New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,921
Jill smiled as she heard the squeals of children's laughter echo through the halls of the palace, looking up from another letter in a pile thick enough to serve as armor just in time to see Magnus and the others burst into her office and rush to shut the door behind them.

"Raaahh- oof!" Siegfried roared, his face hidden by the maw of his wolf mantle, his arms raised up and covered by the claws before he was thwarted by the door slamming shut in his face. The children screeched when it thundered, as if Siegfried was really trying to enter. It was good enough to send his children scurrying like frightened rats, albeit ones with wide smiles on their faces.

"Playing, are we?" Jill asked, looking at her son, making all of the children look at her with wide eyes. She could see the realization that they'd escaped one monster only to serve themselves up to another. A much scarier monster, in her estimation. "Funny. I thought you had lessons with Alexios."

Alexios, Siegfried's former tutor, became the tutor of the family. He was an educated man, and one who hungered to further his education even as he enlightened others. He worked closely with Siegfried on a number of projects, mostly concerning the universities being built in the capital and on Gotland, an island off the coast of Sweden. However, due to Siegfried's attention being in ever increasingly high demand, Alexios typically had complete oversight of these projects.

In the time between, he taught their children. Some with more success than others.

"Er," Magnus uttered, visibly swallowing his nervousness. Despite the stern look she wore, Jill was silently smiling. Magnus was growing up too fast, it felt like. Another year had passed entirely too quickly, leaving the young boy seven years old. The same as his sisters, Scáthach and Aífe. Meanwhile, Bjorn and Radahn trodded along in his and Ragnar's shadows, determined to be like their big brothers. Even when they got themselves into trouble.

"Lessons were canceled," Scáthach swiftly replied, her golden eyes meeting Jill's with supreme confidence.

Morrigan thought that the ability to lie was an important life skill, and one to master early. Something that caused the girls to get into no end of trouble.

Jill smiled, and Scáthach flinched, knowing that she had effortlessly seen through her lie. But, before she could say anything more, a false wall swung open to reveal Siegfried. "Raahhh! I'm going to get you! I'm going to eat you up!" He roared, causing the children to scurry.

Well, most of them. Bjorn stared up at his father slack-jawed, unable to comprehend how he managed to enter the room, and the result was that he was nearly left behind when the children dashed out of her office in a mad scramble. He would have been, if Radahn hadn't doubled back to grab his hand and pull him away to flee for their lives.

It was only then that Jill allowed herself a laugh, relaxing in her seat while Siegfried pushed the wolf head back to where it normally sat on his shoulder. He really shouldn't wear his cloak in such a way, regardless of how much the children enjoyed being chased by a 'monster.' There were already rumors swirling that the cloak gave him the power of a wolf- either that, or the bite he received on his neck was the source of his otherworldly powers.

Already, detractors were spreading rumors, trying to chip at his impervious reputation. Mostly to see if they could -- Siegfried was popular and well-liked, but that didn't mean by everyone. So, they would say what they could and hope the tale spread that Siegfried wasn't chosen by the gods, but gained his strength through otherworldly magics. Or that the pelt that he wore was a trick worthy of Loki's child, as Siegfried was actually the wolf Fenrir in disguise. Some even said that he bite he received gave him the power of a wolf and he claimed the pelt along with the other magical power from his sire.

They were pointlessly petty stories, but they could become more if he kept feeding them.

"A meeting was canceled," Siegfried explained himself with a rueful smile. "I thought I would take the chance to play with them while I could, since they already snuck away from their lessons."

He looked tired. He called it a Boon from the gods, the gift that allowed him to need little sleep, but he still needed some. And with the schedule that they kept, even he was struggling to find enough hours in the day to accomplish everything. And that was with them -- she, Astrid, Jasmine, and Morrigan helping to deal with the overflow of meetings, deals, and talks about future conversations.

Siegfried had always seemed larger than life to her. But he was spreading himself thin these days, and she worried that he was going to falter somewhere due to sheer exhaustion.

"A meeting with whom?" She asked as Siegfried glided towards her with a touch too much grace, and almost out of habit, she used her Blessing upon him. Simply to remind herself that it wasn't merely her imagination.

Diplomacy: 25 *(+40)
Martial: 92
Stewardship: 55
Intrigue: 19
Learning: 81
Prowess: 100

*Modifier applied due to reputation bonus.

Siegfried had been the first she used her Blessing on, and in comparison everyone else simply fell short. The highest 'stat' that Jill had seen beyond Siegfried's Prowess stat had been Morrigan's, which had a similar modifier. Most people had a stat that was in the twenties, usually on the lower end of them. They also had several stats that were in the single digits. Not Seigfried. Even his lowest stat was well above the average.

It was somewhat unnerving at times. And in those times, she had to remember how strongly Siegfried denied having a divine heritage.

He stood behind her and his hands fell onto her shoulders, and she couldn't quite contain the low groan when his hands found a budding knot of tension between her shoulders. "Jarl Hastings," Siegfried answered and it was only because she was relishing the massage that she didn't jump out of her seat.

"He canceled?" She stressed, clenching her jaw.

"Essentially. The richness of the Mediterranean disagreed with his stomach, according to his messenger," Siegfried replied, offering a dismissive snort. He didn't believe that any more than she did.

Jarl Hastings wasn't particularly important in the grand scheme of things. He was simply a jarl, one among many, who had been uplifted by their hand from obscurity. And now, a year after the conquest was complete, he along with so many others, had decided to test Siegfried's grip on them and their lands.

It wasn't a rebellion or anything of the sort. It was simply the common politics of the land. Most of the jarls and thegns that they had folded into their empire had never answered to anyone before, so they were adjusting. What they did have before were equals, and they interacted with those with slights, delays, and bribes. Up until this point, their positions were too new and too uncertain for them to take risks. That fear, rather unfortunately, had worn off.

Now they were dealing with things like this -- overgrown children testing boundaries to learn what would earn them a stern word, a slap on the wrist, or a proper thrashing.

"We should slip something in his food and show him what a truly upset stomach feels like," Jill muttered darkly, earning a laugh from her husband.

"You've been spending too much time with Morrigan," he laughed. He wasn't wrong. There was a great deal of overlap between diplomacy and intrigue. Knowing someone's secrets and motivations made talks with them go much smoother than they otherwise might.

"I've come around to her way of doing things," Jill replied, considering the merits of the course. These kinds of growing pains were expected well in advance, but that didn't mean they were any less irritating to deal with. Simply because every instance required a careful and deliberate touch.

They were establishing precedence for their empire. Precedence that would last for years, decades, if not centuries to come because these interactions would establish the relationship between the Allvaldr to Kings to Jarls to Thegns. They had to be firm, but magnanimous. Else some would claw at the leashes around their necks, which would require a much firmer hand than anyone would prefer, which would have its own consequences.

Yet, they could not endure an endless tirade of minor slights, else the crown would be worthless.

With her moment of deliberation over, she wrote a letter to Morrigan asking her to slip a mild poison into the Jarl's next meal.

"You have been spending too much time with Morrigan," Siegfried repeated.

"Most men would be happy that their wives got along so famously," Jill remarked with a slight smirk.

"Most men don't have wives as scary as you and her are," Siegfried retorted, and that got a light laugh out of her. It was a nice moment. A rare moment when they could just be alone without a thousand different things pulling them one way or another, among them their children.

She reached up to his hands on her shoulders, "Will we be ready?"

It wasn't a question of what she meant.

"We will be," Siegfried replied, his tone confident. "It's an important step, and one that we prepared for. The Council is for the sake of appearances. We have the script written, and they will follow it." There was a certain flatness in his voice, a warning to those that would risk sabotaging such a crucial moment for the empire.

That was the First Great Council. Siegfried had been inspired by what they had been forced to deal with in Rome, when they had been forced to host the Christian religious debate. Farce that it was. As far as the Christian world was concerned, there had been a debate, but the truth of it was that much of the talks were settled long in advance with the conclusion all but written before the first word was spoken.

The First Council was meeting with Law-Speakers from across the empire. In any given land, there were two authorities on punishments for crime -- the Thegn or Jarl, or the Law-Speaker. They could defer to one another as needed, as some Jarls would find condemning a criminal costly in terms of politics, while a Law-Speaker could defer to a Jarl as they were the authority of the land and a Law-Speaker could not overrule nobility. Not without consequence, at least.

Siegfried's first ambition was to bind his kingdoms together with laws by establishing standard practices out of a tangled, contradicting mess of local practices. It wasn't easy. It took the better part of a year and a half just to reach a point where they felt like they could have the Council give the codex of laws the legitimacy needed to implement them across the empire. And, even then, Jill knew to expect resistance from people who were simply too set in their ways and didn't care for what the lawful authorities had to say about anything.

The codex was only a little less challenging than implementing a tax system.

People simply didn't care about fairness. They cared about change and inconvenience.

"Father!" Jill heard Magnus shout down the hall, sounding annoyed. "You're supposed to chase us!"

Jill and Siegfried shared a laugh before he leaned down, pressing his lips to her forehead, before he once more adorned his cloak and left the room. He let out a ferocious roar that had the children giggling even as they ran away. Jill closed her eyes, listening to the sounds of their footsteps and laughter retreating and only when the halls were silent once more did she let out a quiet sigh that betrayed her own exhaustion.

Yet all the same, she stood and made sure to grab the letter to deliver to Morrigan before leaving her office. Her guards fell in step behind her, and she had long since gotten used to the sound of chainmail jostling with every step. They walked through the lavishly decorated halls of the palace, equal to anything that she had seen in Rome -- Siegfried had been possessed by the urge to outmatch what he saw in Constantinople, and he was making great strides towards doing so.

As she walked, her mind was swirling with tasks that still needed to be completed. A thousand and one things, most of which she knew she would delegate to her staff, leaving her with the most important ones. But those matters still tugged at her attention, making her wish that she had a Blessing similar to Morrigan's. It let her keep an eye on a dozen different things all at once, which was exactly what Jill needed.

Instead, what she had was… arguably more useful, it just meant that she had to delegate important responsibilities.

A door was opened for her, and she entered a meeting room that was filled with those that worked under her -- they were the diplomatic arm of the Empire. She had scouted them relentlessly since the conquest began, and continued to do so after it ended. Every single one of them had a Diplomacy stat between thirty to forty. Which, given her position as Chancellor, augmented her own abilities according to the Blessing.

No sooner than she entered did Jill find herself besieged by reports, all of them demanding her full attention, "Your Majesty," a young man began, bowing his head even as he rose from the table. Arvid was amongst the newer arrivals to her court, but he was swiftly becoming one of her favorites. Something that was reinforced when he presented a scroll to her guard, who inspected it, before passing it to her.

In neat handwriting, she saw that it was the current list of disasters in the making.

"Where are we on Khagan Manasseh?" Jill questioned, taking an offered seat as she brought order to the chaos. "Have we received a reply?"

"Not yet, your majesty, but one is on its way. The Ravens carry word that they are amicable to the Allvaldr's will," Arvid replied.

It was a longstanding negotiation that Jill had been working on. The Khagan of the Magyars, Manasseh, had arrived at their court last year in the aftermath of the Frankish and Roman conquest of his kingdom. Most of his people had bent the knee, others were scattered to the four winds, but Manasseh still commanded a sizable host some fifteen thousand strong -- most of which, sadly, were women, children, and other noncombatants.

He had been quite displeased to learn that Siegfried had no intention of declaring war on Charlemagne. He spent a month in their court attempting to change his mind until Siegfried offered a different path -- resettlement in other lands on the periphery of their border, then when the migration of hot blooded young men left for Hoffer's kingdom, he could find the allies he sought. It hadn't been what he wanted, and he went on at length describing her husband's prowess in battle and seemed genuinely confused why he would sheath his blade, even for a few short years.

That migration had already arrived, and the last Jill had heard, they had taken Kiev and were working their way to retaking parts of Bulgaria while fending off incursions from the Khazars. They had the raw numbers for it -- five thousand Bulgarians, in addition to whatever local resistance that joins them. The better part of fifteen thousand Norsemen eager to make their fortune, along with a force of three thousand Magyar horsemen. Siegfried had doubts that Bulgaria would be fully liberated, but Krum was a clever man and he would know that as well.

She also knew that he and her husband spoke long into the night about points of natural fortification to retake and to hold, rather than overexpanding and losing everything.

"I maintain my doubts about this policy," Jóarr, another one of her favored counselors, said. "Allies of today can be the enemies of tomorrow. Supporting the horselords and trusting them to guard the east for us… there will come a day that they look to our riches and step through the door that they once guarded."

Siegfried had specific points that he didn't wish to expand beyond. The south-east border, from Saxony to Finland, was his greatest concern. He expanded deliberately to natural chokepoints and defensive terrain and Jill doubted that Siegfried would ever venture beyond them. However, Siegfried also sought to control the peoples beyond their borders to ensure that they didn't test them.

The answer he settled on was to create friendly vassal kingdoms around the Empire. Such as with Krum and the Bulgarians. And now Manasseh and the Magyars, who Siegfried was convincing to take residence in the vast flatlands to the east in exchange for a military alliance and trade concessions. The hope was that should a threat ever come for the Empire, that threat would first have to go through their allies -- and even if they failed to stop the threat, they would buy the time needed for them to muster their own defenses.

"Which is why we will not empower a single tribe or kingdom beyond our borders," Jill replied. "We will empower many. We will be a common friend amongst them, but the rest will be enemies." It would be a delicate balance, and not one that could be maintained indefinitely but so long as the Empire was never weak enough that it couldn't exert control beyond its borders, then it was a manageable concern.

The Empire would be too looming of a foe for the petty kingdoms to earnestly attempt to conquer, so they would look to expand through their weaker neighbors. Neighbors that they could support or target with a bribe, diplomatic ties, or intrigue. And, should one of their successors choose to expand beyond Siegfried's chosen border? Then they would ensure that the enemy had no allies to call upon for aid.

"The Magyars shall be one of many of the tribes we bring into our influence. All the more so as the Khazars remain a threat," Jill continued. The Khazars were both a threat and not. Francia and a restored Rome were by far the most pressing concern, but the Khazars were a more distant and also more present threat to the east. They controlled a vast stretch of flatlands, bordering the Black Sea, as semi-nomadic horselords.

Diplomatic relations were frosty at the moment due to the Romans having great sway at the Khagan's court from their attempts to foster an ally against the Abbasids. That influence posed a risk as the Khazars could be convinced to attack at Rome's behest with a large enough bribe. To that end, their current policy was to stir up distress and rebellion within the tribes, replace those who were influenced by the Romans with those that fell under their own influence, or to fracture the Khazars into a less dangerous entity.

"It is not the idea that I have issue with, Your Majesty. It is the execution -- these lesser tribes and petty kingdoms should swear themselves to us outright. They should become our vassals and pay homage to your husband." Jóarr countered with a respectful bow of his head.

It was a delicate balance to be had. She saw how Siegfried struggled to find those that would be honest with him, even when the truth was unpleasant, like when he was being a thick headed idiot. It was because he was great. A god that walked the realm, as most people saw him. She suffered a similar issue due to being his wife, and it was an issue that was compounded because she was a woman.

"Oaths of homage come with expectations," Jill replied. "Expectations that we will take up arms for their sake when they are threatened, be it by conquerors or raiders. My husband has his eyes set on the wars to come, and he has no time to be distracted by the petty squabbles of those outside of our border. Not unless they cross it." It was a policy that would last for some time. Decades, at the least. Jill was uncertain if it would change in Siegfried's lifetime. By that time, she imagined that the situation outside the Empire's borders would look quite different.

For every action, there was a reaction. Siegfried had united the Norse people, forging an empire from hundreds of scattered tribes, and built cities that rapidly grew into centers of trade and diplomacy. People were drawn to such things, even if they didn't wish to bend the knee. Jill expected that in the next few decades, the various scattered tribes would consolidate around the wealth that came in and out of the Empire through trade. That consolidation meant the securing of territory and means of production of trade goods and food. From there, petty kings would rise and fall by their hand as they chose who would end up at the top of the pile.

Jóarr nodded, accepting the reply for what it was before he cleared his throat, "If the Magyars accept, then they will need a counter weight."

And so began the deliberation. Many ideas were discussed, but most were tossed out, reworked, rediscussed, and then usually thrown out again. The terrain to the east was uniquely sorted to horse-bound nomads, so any infantry based army would find itself at a unique disadvantage. Though, that could be supplemented by drafting tactics to counter mounted archers and the favored feigned retreat maneuver.

That would be a task for the university that Siegfried was building. His adoration for places of learning had it's benefits -- it concentrated learned and intelligent people into one place, and that made it very convenient to ask them a question. The university itself was another subject that was being discussed as it was going through its own growing pains.

Egos clashing, people hating the way someone else did things even if they got the same result. As well as a more interesting and less frustrating phenomenon of the masters of crafts awarding their apprenticeship with a seal of approval, then taking up residence in the university to teach more students rather than a traditional apprenticeship. It was interesting, but more so because those that received the stamp of approval were continuing to work with their masters instead of establishing their own practices.

One swordsmith had established a company and claimed that he would only take on smiths that had gone to the university. It wasn't a bad thing. It was simply something that they needed to keep an eye on.

Though, it was only one of the many such things. And every single one of them were brought up, discussed, and then tabled with a course of action that would either resolve it or lead to it being resolved, hopefully, at another meeting.

The hours went by both agonizingly slowly and entirely too fast, leaving Jill feeling like they'd barely made a dent in the agenda, while conversations went back and forth endlessly with a resolution still seeming so far off.

It was in the middle of a recess that the doors opened and a servant approached her guard. The message was passed on before her guard relayed it to her, "An Abbasid ship has arrived at the port. It carries a diplomat."

Jill smiled, "Send for Jasmine." She instructed as she rose from her seat. It wasn't something that needed her immediate attention, but it was something that she wanted to handle personally.

She excused herself, letting the others continue the daily agenda in her absence, while she went to the throne room. It was in the central building, making it something of a walk, but when she arrived, she knew it was the right place to greet them.

They had handcrafted the throne room to the smallest detail, using everything that they had learned from Rome and its Imperial Palace. It was such an important part in everything that they hoped to achieve -- the throne room was the last flourish in a long display of wealth and grandeur.

People who had grown up in stick and mud huts would arrive at Miklagard and find a city beyond imagination. They would arrive at the palace, which was grander than anything that they could have hoped to see in their lifetime. It, more than the closed fist of Siegfried or her soft words, convinced those that saw it that Siegfried was right.

And, to those who came from afar, such as the diplomats of Francia, Rome or the Abbasids? What they would find was a peer. They would have heard rumors and hearsay that the North was a desolate land where the people were savages -- a lowly culture that was beneath them. But they would arrive to find sophistication and opulence equal to or surpassing anything they'd seen in their homelands.

The throne room was that idea made manifest in its purest form. It was long, with thick pillars supporting a second floor that were covered in silver vines that grew up from their base, sprouting buds of inlaid jewels while plaster told stories of the gods. Banners hung from the walls with the family crest that Siegfried had taken in Rome. A two headed raven, its wings fanned out, with an axe clutched in one talon and a mistletoe in the other.

On the far wall was the throne itself; it was unassumingly simple, made from stone and bone. That was until you learned where the bones came from – the very same wolf that gave Siegfried his title, 'Wolf-Kissed'. Alongside its pelt, he'd taken the beast's very bones when he finally slew it, and they now served as his seat of power, with them arranged perfectly within the stone seat. One day, she knew, a mural would be placed behind the throne, but Siegfried chose to hold off until their children became adults so that they would all have a place in it. She hoped that all of them would inherit his height, because otherwise, Siegfried's descendents would look quite small in his throne.

Siegfried and Jasmine had already arrived ahead of her, with Rajah curled up at Jasmine's feet. The old tiger spent more time sleeping than he did awake these days, and as he usually did, he was curled around Radahn, who looked like he was fighting off the urge to nap alongside him. And losing. Jasmine spared Jill a glance as she approached and took her place on a smaller throne, but said nothing.

She arrived just in time, because it was a few minutes later before the Abbasid party arrived. Jasmine immediately perked up, smiling as the surprise was unveiled.

The Abbasid diplomat walked at the head of the group of about two dozen. He was an older man wearing silk damask robes, approaching with a deliberately slow gait and Jill saw the exact reaction that she hoped to see. The subtle amazement, the quiet awe -- they had come expecting nothing, and instead found a peer. That in itself was worthy of awe and respect, but it was all the more impressive when they understood that a mere five years ago?

There had been a sleepy village here, and nothing else.

"Greetings friends," Siegfried greeted them in Arabic when the party stopped and offered their customary bow to a foreign ruler. "You have come a long way."

"Allvaldr Siegfried," the diplomat returned, his tone respectful. "You honor us with your presence and your friendship. Our nations are far apart, but the friendship between them is unyielding. So says Caliph Harun al-Rashid, and with these gifts, he hopes to convey their unmistakable truth."

Jill's smile became a little more fragile as she realized that there was more to this diplomatic envoy than what had been planned. What had been planned was revealed with a gesture as a tigress was brought into the room, and Radahn was abruptly woken from his nap when Rajah abruptly stood up.

It was meant to be a gift for Jasmine -- she hid it well, but it was clear that she missed her home at times. It wasn't a matter of having Abbasid servants, or hearing Arabic or even their horrifically spicy food. It was about her family. And that meant Rajah, who was an old man with a year or two more left in him at most.

Yet, even as Jasmine laughed with delight as the two tigers were introduced, Jill knew that there was more to the envoys that met the eye. He had stressed the friendship between them…

Meaning that he was here to invoke the terms of their alliance.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 623 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 3, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Games We Play New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,946
Ragnar lunged with his sword, going low while raising his shield high. I batted the blade away with my own shield, countering by swatting at his leg with my blade, but he'd learned his lessons well and withdrew the leg and tried to catch me as I overextended. Good instincts, but a poor idea given that I was twice his size and had a hundred pounds on him. It was an instinct born from sparing with boys his age, boys who he was already taller than.

He crashed into me, trying to knock me off my feet, or at least make me stumble. Instead, he half bounced off me and stunned himself. "Be mindful of the difference in size between you and your opponent, more so when you lack the advantage." I said, grabbing his shield and rapping it against his head sharply when he raised it too high in an over correction. He grunted at the pain, lashing out with his blade and taking a half step back as he settled in a defensive stance.

I smiled as I saw it. "Good recovery," I praised him in Arabic, earning a quick but tired smile. It was so strange to think that he was once a baby that I could hold in one of my hands. Ragnar was growing rapidly.. Like all my children, he was big for his age, so although he was only nine years old he looked much older. Many would mistake him for a teenager.

With my expanded vision, I saw his siblings all on the training field in their own spars. Scáthach and Aífe were fighting with spears -- the moment they'd been told the story they were named for, they gained a special love for the spear and started practicing with them endlessly. Usually by beating each other black and blue. Magnus had his own opponent in a cousin, Harald, the first born son of Haldur. Magnus was getting the better of him, much to Harald's visible frustration.

Meanwhile, Radahn, Bjorn, and Thors, Thorkell's son, were having a match of their own. The boys were only four years old, not old enough to really learn but old enough to want to be included, so their spar quickly dissolved into a wrestling match that they all seemed to be losing.

I was proud of all of them. All of them were clever and fast learners -- there was the natural averseness that all children had to what they found dull or boring, but with proper reward, they were motivated to learn.

"If we were the same size, that would have worked," Ragnar replied, also in Arabic, with his words carrying a hint of an accent. There had been a part of me that thought I should have spent my Renown on the Learning Legacies, but thus far, my children had proved that they didn't need it. All of them had learned Arabic and Germanic, which they could speak with relative fluency. Soon, they would be learning Frankish, then Greek.

Alexios was a fine tutor, the aged scholar managed to make learning fun for them. Still, I tried to partake in their education as much as I could. Partly because I was their father, but also because of the Boon I had chosen as my reward for the conquest of Scandinavia.

Mentor
When in a teaching position, students gain 15% increase in experience.​

There were choices that I could have taken that would make me more effective. Skinwalker, a Boon that I had passed up every time until now which would allow me to do what Morrigan did. Terrifying Presence or Shadow-Walker, which would allow me to frighten my enemies into submission, or to go entirely unseen despite my size. The latter had a special appeal to me as a king, all the more so because I imagined I could accomplish what Terrifying Presence purported by appearing behind someone seemingly from thin air.

However, I chose Mentor for much the same reasons why I chose the Breeding Legacies -- it was less about me, and more about the next generation. I was powerful in both physical ability and influence. I had built an empire from a scattered people who didn't even know what an empire was. So long as I maintained my course, I would be fine. So, I looked to those who would inherit what I built, to ensure that it would survive my death.

I did that by teaching them. Alexios was an excellent tutor, but with Mentor and Learning I, I was even better, and their own natural intelligence my children learned fast. Almost as quick as I could teach them, so I tried to teach them as much and as often as I could.

Such as this lesson, when I rapped Ragnar on the top of the head with my wooden blade, "Then you should wait until you're my size to try it." He offered a rueful grin and a shrug, telling me that the lesson wasn't quite clear. But it was when I performed the same move that he tried, which ended with him flat on his arse. He sent me a scowl, but all the same he accepted the hand and I pulled him up. "There's more to a fight than just size, so don't rely on an advantage that you might not always have."

He nodded and I ruffled his sweat soaked hair as we looked at the others. There was a boy around Ragnar's age that was glancing at us -- a son of a Jarl. So I nudged Ragnar in that direction, and he accepted it with ease. Leaving my own brothers to approach now that the bout was over.

Both Haldur and Halfdan wore their positions well.

"King Halfdan. King Haldur," I greeted them with a small smile, earning a laugh from Halfdan.

"Still doesn't feel real," Halfdan admitted, his hand absentmindingly going to a symbol emblazoned over his heart -- a symbol making him as King of Lithuania, one of the kingdoms I had established. Meanwhile, Haldur had taken charge of Sweden, serving as its king.

It was a decision that I received some pushback against, but one that I had been committed to due to how Renown functioned. Now, as kings, they each offered Renown to the total and with my own, I could select another Legacy within five years rather than the original fifteen. More than that, their loyalty was assured and they had my trust.

For the most part.

"Your sons are growing well," Haldur remarked, watching as our boys were wrestling. It was a familiar sight -- I still recalled the thrashing I used to get from my older brothers. "As is Arne," he added, his gaze drifting to our shared nephew.

Arne wasn't the small boy he had been when I set sail for the Mediterranean anymore. The son of Brandr, our eldest brother, had grown up, now twelve years old. The same age I had been when I went on my first raid. When I killed a man for the first time.

I hadn't realized how young I was for all that I had done until I looked at the boy Arne was and realized that I had already killed more men than I could count at that age.

Arne was sparring against two boys, holding his own but getting hammered. He was eager to prove himself. Something that was my fault, I think, because I wasn't the only one who realized that I had already fought in a war against the Franks at the same age. He had a good drive to improve, and so long as he tempered it and didn't let himself burn out of control, I was inclined to let him carry on.

"Should he expect a kingdom once he comes of age?" Halfdan remarked, casually leaning on a fence. It was meant as a jest, but I offered a shrug.

"If he earns one," I replied, earning a bark of laughter from Halfdan and a sharp look from Haldur. "There are still empty thrones to be filled. I am more inclined to have them filled by family than strangers- most of whom would have earned their chance with arsekissing or betrayal."

"I also imagine that it'd make it easy to earn these votes for the Thing," Haldur observed, running a hand down his beard.

I nodded, conceding the point there.

The Roman Senate had been a point of inspiration, both in what it could be and what to avoid. At the best of times, it was a check of power on the Consul, preventing foolishness and madness from damning the kingdom because of one man's stupidity. And as much as I wished to think no one of my blood could be a fool, I knew better than to make that assumption. However, at its worst, the Senate was a quagmire of highly corrupt fools who only had their seat because of ill gotten wealth and sold their vote to whoever paid the most, making it next to impossible to get anything done.

I liked the idea of the Senate, but disliked how it functioned in Rome, leading me to create my own version. And that was the Council of Kings -- right now, it was eleven thrones that each had a vote on important matters, such as the Codex of Laws that I sought to implement across the Empire. It would give the Codex an air of legitimacy, as it wouldn't just be a compilation of laws I was forcing upon people.

Instead, the Codex was a collection of laws that were debated, voted upon, and then ratified. Thus their implementation was fair and not tyranny forced upon the people.

Few things mattered more in politics than appearances.

However, that also made the Council something dangerous. The kings that would make up the Council would know how much their word was worth, and sooner or later, the same corrupt practices that rotted the Roman Senate from the inside out would plague my empire's Council -- bribery, favors, petty slights, and willful disobedience.

The very worst part of it was the fact that there was little that I could realistically do. I could dedicate the remainder of my life to devising a system of governance that was incorruptable, and I would fail. Because, in the end, it wasn't governments that became corrupt. It was the people in the government, and there was very little I could do to change human nature. Any rule or guideline would eventually be side stepped in some way to allow the corruption to seep in.

So, I did the next best thing.

I created levers within the government to flush out the corruption -- namely, I made the position of King… unstable. It has always been our way to challenge our leaders so that the best man may rule. Not to the point of recklessness, I don't think. A random man couldn't challenge a Jarl to a duel and take his position. However, a popular man could. What I did was an expansion of that philosophy, making the titles just unsteady enough that problematic kings could be removed and replaced.

It wasn't perfect. Not even close. But it felt like a step in the right direction.

"You do know that eventually, it's just going to be the family on thrones, right?" Halfdan pointed out.

"I'm aware," I admitted. Which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. Just something that felt dangerous. "But they'll have to earn their crowns, unlike you two. Might give them an appreciation for them." A faint hope but possible.

Halfdan cracked a grin while Haldur rolled his eyes at me. But the conversation was cut short when Radahn released a victorious cry, throwing his hands in the air while his defeated brother and cousins were splayed out on the ground.

I snorted, feeling an old wound on my heart heal just a little bit at the sight. I had always loved my family, but it felt like it was such a rare thing that we were together like this. I almost wished that they would never grow up, just so they could stay this innocent and carefree forever.

It wasn't to last, however, as the Norns were quick to remind me. Because following Radahn's victorious cry came a shout of pain. My gaze snapped to Ragnar to see that he was on the ground, holding a bloodied nose while Haldur's son, Harald, was standing over him with an intense expression on his face. Telling me that the hit had been deliberate.

My first instinct was to walk over and separate the two, but I swallowed that instinct down as Ragnar began to rise up. He hefted his practice blade and his shield, paying no mind to the blood dripping down his chin and attacked Harald with similar intent.

All the boys fought hard during training. It was how they learned. And it was better now than on the battlefield -- a bruise would fade but a severed hand wouldn't grow back. However, the two were fighting with a determination that was either to win or to simply hurt the other as their attacks came fast and hard with all the strength that they could muster.

Their fighting got sloppier and more frenzied, their training being forgotten in a familiar tide of anger. Next to me, Haldur was deadly still, so much so that I wasn't sure if he was even breathing. Halfdan, however, had a quip to say. "Well, that's a familiar sight."

It was, honestly. Not all of the fights I had with my brothers had been so light-hearted. Sometimes they did something that angered me, or I did something that would anger them, and we would fight until we were bloodied and bruised. I couldn't even recall why most of the time, and by the next day, we were all playing games together. At least until the next thrashing started.

It was a sharp reminder that just because you were family didn't mean you got along.

The fight ended as abruptly as it began with Ragnar slamming a fist into Harald's mouth with enough strength to split his lip. Harald was stunned for a half second before Ragnar tackled him, raising a fist up to continue the pummeling, but I chose to take action then. With a few large steps, I strode over and grabbed him by the scruff of his shirt and yanked him off Harald. Haldur was right behind me, helping his son up.

"He started it!" Ragnar was quick to protest.

"And I have ended it," I rebuked. "You both injured one another, and that is enough. Now, you will stand up, clasp hands, and you will put this behind you." I uttered, keenly aware how the training yard watched the confrontation. The scolding. Only too late did I think that this was something that would be better handled behind closed doors. Ragnar wasn't a normal boy. He was a prince, and that… that came with conditions and expectations.

Still, all the same, the two stood across from another. For a moment, they were defiant, but Ragnar offered a hand and Harald clasped it. The half hearted apology they exchanged was very familiar, as I think I exchanged hundreds of the same with my brothers over the years. It was enough. For now. "Now go get your injuries checked out," I ushered them off the field and they obeyed with a bitter reluctance.

Haldur and I stood together, watching them go. "Things aren't what they were back then," Haldur said, holding similar thoughts as I did.

"They aren't boys roughhousing on a farm," I agreed.

And there were days that felt like such a shame.

…​

I did have other duties that pulled me away from teaching my children or preparing for the 'debate.' Among them was meeting with forgiven dignitaries, such as the diplomat whom Caliph Harun sent. Hashim al-Ibbian, an older man with gray at the temples and smiling lines that were revealed from a carefully groomed beard. He looked familiar to me, telling me I had likely seen him while dealing with Harun at some point, but it was our first time speaking.

I decided to meet him in the spinning room as the late evening sun would frame the meeting perfectly. As I sat on my throne, Jasmine leaned heavily into my side, resting her head on my shoulder. She was well pleased with the gift of a companion to Rajah, and likely, a litter of cubs descending from him. They would be no true replacement for him, I knew, but I hoped she would find comfort in them once Rajah passed. Hashim took note of the affection, I could tell, but he chose not to comment on it.

"I understand that you have crafted a Senate," Hashim began, seated across from me while servants stood at attention with refreshments. "Shall their opinion be needed for this discussion?"

I offered a polite smile, "No. The senate is an extension of my power and a diplomatic tool. While I won't say that they don't have a voice to speak with, and they certainly will have opinions, I am not bound to their will." That had been thoroughly established when I decided to form the Council of Kings. It was something I would continue to establish for the remainder of my life, as the easiest way for a law or rule to be proven worthless is when it was ignored without consequence. And that would allow for the Council to gain a trickle of power that I would see reserved for the hands of the Allvaldr.

"Caliph Harun al-Rashid has advised me that you prefer direct words over… traditional diplomatic courtesies," He began, waiting for my nod before continuing. "My Caliph, and Queen Jasmine's beloved brother, sent me here with a number of tasks. Among them was the delivery of the tiger, another was the establishment of a link of trade from your kingdom to the Caliphate, be it through the Black Sea and the Dnieper River, or via the western sea."

That was something I was looking forward to. My coffers were reaching the point of strain, if I was being completely honest. Nothing that I hadn't anticipated, and the contents of my coffers were actually stretching farther than I'd initially planned due to the fact that not only the thralls but many of the citizens worked for free when they labored on one of my great works. It was the same mentality that saw the Pyramids in Egypt get built -- there were many ways to earn glory in life, and one of them was to carve your name into the bedrock of a monument that would last for an age.

But, even with that unexpected windfall, the vast wealth I'd acquired in the Mediterranean was depleting. Jasmine, for her part, had made great strides in fostering trade across the Baltic Sea, but such networks would take time to foster and take root. What's more, there was little in the way of trade goods that one of my kingdoms produced that the others couldn't. There were the staples, of course: Textiles, alcohol, foodstuffs. But they would pale in comparison to the goods an established trade route to the Abbasids would offer.

"The other matter," Hashim continued, "Is the Khazars."

'Jill was right,' I mused, unsurprised. "They have moved against the Abbasids?"

I had been certain that Charlemagne would have Irene send them in my direction. It was why we had taken the immediate stance of sowing disunity within the clans of the steppe, hoping to make them splinter, and to foster what Morrigan had taken to calling 'meat shields' around my borders. With Charlemagne and Irene tied up in Rome, the Khazars were a readily available tool to use against my fragile empire. Which would be an annoyance and an opportunity in equal measures, so I had been both relieved and disappointed when they showed no signs of setting their sights on us.

At least nothing beyond a daring raid that usually ended with the attackers defeated and mounted on spikes.

"They intend to," Hashim confirmed with a nod. As he did, one of his own servants approached with a map and unfurled it upon the table between us. It was a high quality one, and I swiftly noted that it had already added my Scandinavian Empire to it. The proportions almost matched what my Map offered, telling me that the Abbasids either had fine map makers… or that they'd used the dimensions I used for my own maps. A little admission of subterfuge, I think.

He continued without pause, gesturing to a swath of land to the east that belonged to the Khazars. Visually, it was impressive -- in terms of landmass, my empire and the Khazars were equal. However, I knew that vast stretches of the Khazars lands were empty flatlands. Something that they preferred for the sake of their horses. It was those flatlands that made me entirely dismiss the thought of expanding eastward within my lifetime. It would be impossible to defend unless we reached certain distant terrain, and we couldn't reach it without greatly overextending.

"They have begun to expand eastward, and to the south towards the Caucasus Mountains and around the Caspian Sea. They have absorbed various smaller steppe clans and chieftains, adding to their number. This expansion has been fueled by Roman coffers, while our spies within Francia report that Charlemagne is building a vast fleet that he intends to use to retake the Mediterranean and to seize control of the Black Sea." He gestured to the map as he spoke, and I could visualize it quite well. "It is our belief that the Romans intend to attack us through the Khazars, while usurping control over the sea from our peoples."

It was a clever plan. Anatolia was the natural conflict between the Romans and Abbasids, and thus both had spared no expense fortifying that border. The Abbasids would be exposed on their northern border along the Caucasus Mountains, and further to the east. If it was a prelude to war, it would be a fantastic opening gambit to get the Abbasid armies out of position before invading.

"What course of action does Caliph Harun al-Rashid ask of me?" I questioned, knowing that Harun wouldn't put forth a problem without a solution.

"He asks that you direct the young blood that have taken Kiev and a portion of Bulgaria, and send them here," Hashim said, pointing to a 'neutral' territory framing the Caucasus Mountains and the Black Sea. "It is a petty kingdom under the nominal control of the Romans. We cannot seize it without triggering a war, but a group of disavowed Norsemen with the aid of a Bulgarian king? That is different."

"You take the territory and fortify it, whilst gaining a natural port to facilitate trade across the Black Sea," I summarized. Harun was a crafty one. "And the fleet Charlemagne is building?"

"That task shall be entrusted to Hadi al-Ghaib," Hashim replied, saying no more of it. It wouldn't be an outright attack on the shipping yards -- that would be too overt given that they were worried about starting a war by attacking a petty protectorate under the Romans. Sabotage and subterfuge seemed more likely. "We also ask that you direct King Hoffer to these three ports across Francia," he added, gesturing to each port he wanted raided and razed.

I looked down at the map and let all the pieces come together in my mind. Each action was a move to set the stage for a conflict that was inevitable. Charlemagne would make a move, we would make a move, then we would both react to the other making a move, which would cause further reactions. All of it one day culminating in a war… a war that I could feel in my bones would be entirely different from anything I had seen before.

A war that would decide the fate of empires for centuries to come, if they survived it at all. And whoever among us emerged victorious… all of it would be decided by these ten thousand games of one-upmanship in the years, if not decades, leading up to it.

I looked down at the map and felt uncertainty pool in my gut, because I looked at the scope of Rome and its ancient power and compared it to my fledgling empire that was even younger than my children.

"Whatever Caliph Harun al-Rashid needs," I found myself replying, thinking of a few moves I could make to help things along. "Whatever he needs, he shall receive."

The future demanded nothing less.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Eri111111, mohsin and 600 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Pawns on the Board New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#6,995
The Council had gathered, the debate had begun, and what a web of intrigue Morrigan saw from above. Threads connected to everyone in the grand hall -- those who were allies, those who had accepted bribes, those who feigned friendship even as they reached for a dagger to stab the other in the back… for a moment, it was as if she were in Constantinople all over again.

Siegfried had learned to disdain politics in that ancient empire, but he had also learned a thing or three about it's importance. Among them the necessity of appearance.

The debate hall had been specifically constructed with these kinds of conferences in mind, and to convey an image. The great throne of the Allvaldr sat elevated with the debate halls curved around his viewing. In the platform below, there were lesser thrones for the kings that Siegfried allowed to govern his kingdoms -- ten thrones were in place, each of them filled, yet the emptiness in the space designated for these thrones made it clear that one day more would be added to their number.

Then, at the lowest point, was the debate hall itself. A curved stadium where the various experts and masters of the subject that was to be debated sat, with a central stage where a lead orator would speak to the kings and his peers. In this case, it was filled with Law-Speakers from across the empire, with one of them committed to a fiery speech about one particular piece of the Codex of Laws.

It was upon that stage that she looked down upon through the eyes of a raven that she watched as the politics of the empire emerged from a planted seed.

Ten kings sat in their thrones, their expressions ranging from polite boredom to genuine interest. The two closest to the true thrones were, of course, King Haldur of Sweden and King Halfdan of Lithuania. They were known quantities to Morrigan. Halfdan was a simple sort. He genuinely loved Siegfried as much as he found Haldur annoying, and he found Haldur quite annoying. A thread of true loyalty was spun between him to Siegfried. Haldur was… hm.

The other eight thrones had been filled with much apparent deliberation, though in truth, the choices had largely been made before the last conquest had even begun.

King Hoffer of Norway was another obvious one. Astrid's father was basking in his position, but he was ultimately loyal to Siegfried through deed and by blood.

King Viggu of Sami. He was still adapting to his new life and title, finding himself in unfamiliar politics and none too happy about it. A nonfactor for years to come, if ever.

King Ihala of Finland. An unexpected deviation from their established plans, as the Jarl they had chosen to elevate was assassinated. Not necessarily by King Ihala's hand, but in the squabble to follow, he was then one who rose the highest.

King Rurik of Novograd. An ambitious man, well-suited for smoothly taking over the territory, but less suited for the new politics of the realm. A brute and bruiser first and foremost, who had yet to encounter a problem that he couldn't solve by hitting it hard enough. In this case, it seemed he was about to hit the hay, with the way his gaze was glazed over and left vacant with boredom.

King Meelis of Estonia. A smaller kingdom, but one that was well positioned, and the same could be said for its king. A thin man with gaunt cheeks and a sharp gaze who absorbed every word uttered in the great hall like a beggar placed before a feast.

King Bretislav of Pomerania. An older man, but a wise one. A clever one. A dangerous one.

Then, lastly, King Alfric of Saxony. Due to the nature of their agreement which allowed Siegfried to sweep in with his reforms, King Widukind was forced to abdicate. In his place, Siegfried's cavalry commander assumed the throne as he was amongst the nobility of Saxony. He was loyal enough. Quietly in awe of Siegfried, but not so empty of wits that he would simply nod his head to everything that Siegfried said.

This was the first time that all the Kings of the Empire had gathered in one place, and some were playing a subtle game that was unfolding upon the debate floor. A bribe here, a whispered word there, all to stir up the Law-Speakers. To rouse them with the thought that the Codex, while it being implemented was never in question, could have a key detail here or there tweaked to their benefit at the final hours. A false hope, of course.

But that wasn't the point. The point was that a few of the kings were testing the powers that they now wielded. And soon they would learn that they could not wield them with impunity, nor without consequence as she followed the tapestry, identifying those who were behind this little piece of theater, regardless of how many steps they were removed.

It was for this that Siegfried allowed them to act. He sat in his throne, his crown upon his head and dressed in damask patterned clothing worthy of his station, watching them play their subtle games simply because it meant that he could catch them. And punish them in an equally subtle manner -- be it diplomatically, politically, or as Jill was growing fond of, by slipping them a mild poison. Just to show them that they could.

The one issue there was… Haldur.

"How bothersome," Morrigan surmised her opinion in her true body as she reclined in a parlor. Haldur was a particularly volatile issue, as he was amongst those that were playing that subtle game, already chafing under his younger brother as if the crown adorning his head was a leash. Yet, he wasn't entirely disloyal. There was love there. It was just intermingled with resentment, likely born from how far he had fallen into his brother's shadow.

The Greeks had a phrase that Morrigan had come to appreciate. A phrase that featured in every good story of a hero and his downfall.

The Fatal Flaw.

Siegfried's was his family. He wasn't blind to it, at least. He tried to compensate for it, even as he would allow this petty game for Haldur to vent his frustration at being the lesser brother. What Morrigan feared, however, was that when these little bouts of frustration escalated? When they became acts of defiance? Of rebellion?

She feared that Siegfried would not have the heart to take the action he must.

So, Morrigan once more asked herself the question -- would it hurt Siegfried more if she were to kill Haldur prematurely? Or to be forced to take his life with his own hands once his eldest brother proved his true nature?

And, once more, Morrigan failed to find an answer.

"Mother!" Morrigan heard and as she closed her eyes as a Raven, she opened them as a human woman. Morrigan rolled her head to the side to see the frustrated gazes of her daughters, with a twinge of worry at how thinly they thought she spread herself. In truth, she was simply too deep in thought to hear them try to wake her.

"My daughters," Morrigan returned, sitting up, looking between Scáthach and Aífe. The twin sisters wore their blood red hair in braids, tying them off at opposite sides to differentiate themselves.

There were times when Morrigan honestly feared that she had cursed her daughters with their names. Scáthach was endlessly talented in all that she did, and while Aífe was blessed with talent herself, she wasn't as talented. This drove her to endlessly practicing until she surpassed whatever Scáthach had achieved, which of course, sent Scáthach to outdoing Aífe merely to prove that she could. That, naturally, had Aífe practicing twice as hard to surpass her sister once more, only for the process to repeat itself like the moon chasing the sun.

The two were exactly alike, and strove to the point of madness to show that they were entirely different. As a younger woman, she had approved -- few things sharpened you like a rival. However, now she feared her daughters would grind themselves into nothing merely to prove themselves the better of the other.

"We want to become Shieldmaidens," Aífe started before Scáthach could. As if such a thing was ever going to be in doubt. From the moment they first picked up a spear, the Norns had decided their path in life. "Aunt Astrid is ready to form the order with Lady Lagatha. It would bolster the order's reputation if Father's daughters were part of it."

"It would convince the more doubtful men who have spirited daughters that they have a path in life," Scáthach finished and Morrigan smiled.

She reached out with her hands, cupping her daughters' faces. "An eloquent argument. I wonder who gave it to you?" She asked, looking into their golden eyes. It had been a true stroke of brilliance to convince them that her golden eyes allowed her to see the truth of all things. She taught her girls how to lie, but that didn't mean she would allow dishonesty. At least not without inspired creativity and resourcefulness -- good behavior should be rewarded, after all.

The result was instantly guilty expressions. "Lady Lagatha," the two admitted in unison.

"Tell Astrid and Lagatha you have my permission," Morrigan said, making their expressions brighten. "And that should they attempt to manipulate me through you again, I shall flay them under the full moon and use their skulls as tea cups."

Her girls rushed forward, throwing their arms around her, and Morrigan hugged them back. Fiercely.

They weren't little girls anymore. They were growing into young women -- fiercely independent and stubborn young women who had their father bent around their little fingers, whether he realized it or not.

As much as Morrigan savored the embrace, she knew to let them go. "Off with you," she said, though not unkindly. "And make sure to deliver my threat."

"We won't! Love you, mother!" Scáthach said, entirely ignorant how dangerous of a word that was. Love. Morrigan couldn't even dream of telling Flemeth that she loved her. Aífe echoed her words with a wave and they escaped her parlor with her permission and her heart.

"I've grown soft," Morrigan tsked under her breath. These days, even Jill was more ruthless. But, even as she shook her head at herself, Morrigan quietly admitted that she didn't entirely mind.

After ensuring that her findings were written down, Morrigan adorned herself with a black shawl and emerged from her parlor. As she did, a raven dropped onto her shoulder, while the others scattered about the palace told her where she wished to go. It had taken years of practice, but the gift that Siegfried had bestowed upon her… it felt like she had managed to fully harness its potential.

It was easier to put less of herself into the bodies of the ravens and to see through their eyes, regardless of distance. Inwardly, she doubted that she would ever equal Flemeth, but she had made great strides and she would make further strides still. The drive and ambition of her daughters was something they'd inherited from both their parents, she knew.

The ones she sought were Jasmine and Jill, both whom were sitting in another parlor discussing a recent event.

Morrigan's eyes flickered to Jasmine's stomach where a babe grew that she was not yet aware of. It made her feel a strange sort of longing that she could do without -- the urge to hold a baby in her hands that came from her flesh and blood. But she shook off that thought and instead looked at the concerned expressions they both wore.

"The letter?" Morrigan prompted, and Jill slid it to her. She had already overheard the contents, but she wished to read it with her own eyes. "How bold."

The letter contained a demand of submission and tribute from the Khazars.

"It would seem that they didn't accept the excuse that we do not control the young blood running off to the Mediterranean," Jasmine ventured. "And they hold us responsible for their loss in territory around the Dnieper."

The Khazars had a loose grip on their lands, accepting tribute from given areas and largely leaving those that dwelled there a degree of independence. However, as Bulgaria retook Kiev and the areas west of the Dnieper, they had taken a portion of territory that paid the Khazar's tribute. A necessary thing if the Bulgarians were going to take Kiev and the lands that they had ruled over.

"More likely they know and don't care," Morrigan replied. "It is not just the Franks and Romans that have had to contend with a new player on the board. Tribes and chiefdoms that have long trembled in fear of the Khazars are now drawn to us. Power draws them like a moth to a flame, and the horse lords feel their star waning."

"They are expanding to the East, towards the Abbasids," Jill reasoned. "That is the direction the Romans are ushering them, but they could attack. It is merely a question of whether they prize Roman gold or the chance to crush an upstart rival more."

The latter would seem like the obvious choice, but Siegfried himself was quite the deterrent. A warrior-king who had never lost a battle and preferred fighting against impossible odds?

It was more likely that the Khazars would wait until he was weak -- be it politically, in health, or in reputation. Or, they would wait until decisive action by the Romans or Franks to divide his focus. Better easy gold than what could be a certain defeat.

"How goes their campaign to the east?" Jasmine questioned, likely worrying for her brother.

Jill looked like she had better news to tell. "Well as it can. There are many local chieftains that have found themselves subjugated or conquered. Their people are dispersed across the Khazar clans. The favored clans, at least. It will not be long before they can strike into the Abbasid heartland."

Jasmine lips thinned, her hands wringing as they always did when she was worried.

"Shall a distraction be provided?" Morrigan questioned, bringing their attention to her. "You have cultivated a faction of traitorous intent within the Khazars?" Jill nodded slowly at that, already knowing what Morrigan intended. "In that case, t'is obvious what we should do. A succession crisis during the middle of a conquest with their armies mobilized and far out of the way for the faction you developed. That should occupy them for a time, I imagine."

"Assassination?" Jasmine ventured, her brow furrowing with thought. "That is…"

"It will take time to arrange," Jill replied, and Morrigan swallowed a smile. Regardless of what Siegfried said, she had clearly been an excellent influence on Jill. "We don't have anyone who could get that close."

"Save for me," Morrigan agreed with a drawl. "It shall be simple enough. Give him reason to come closer, and I shall skinwalk into his horse. A quick buck and stomping on his head a few times should ensure the deed is done."

"Could you do it at Kiev?" Jill asked, already putting a plan together.

"Not from here," Morrigan admitted. Her range had expanded greatly, but not so greatly as that. It had been for that reason she had taken to developing several web works of spies within the kingdoms that they now controlled. She couldn't be everywhere at once, nor could her ravens.

"Then we delay," Jill decided. "Once the Council is over, a delegation shall be sent. Morrigan, you will be part of it. Turns will be met and following your departure…"

Morrigan nodded, accepting the task with ease.

If only if all of their enemies could be so easily dealt with.

…​

King Ecbert was a consequential king ruling over an inconsequential kingdom -- that was the opinion Pepin had come to after a year in the petty king's court. In the realm of politics, he was a master. Always saying the right thing so that even when he told someone to go to hell, they'd thank him and look forward to the trip. He could have done quite well in Francia. And he might still, depending on how the next few years went.

His father was not a man to leave a job half finished, and the Roman Empire had once controlled half of Britannia. A duke would need to be appointed for the territory and Ecbert, with his keen mind, saw opportunity.

Just as he saw it when he arrived at his court a year ago with promises of funds and support.

"Poor boys," King Ecbert remarked, standing next to Pepin. An indulgence as his… condition made riding on horseback quite painful. "This didn't need to happen. The outcome was quite obvious, but pride… well, it's a sin for a reason, I suppose."

King Ecbert was a man in his mid thirties, yet he possessed a youthful vigor. His fair brown hair was swept back, curling around his ears and brushing the nape of his neck. He was handsome with a neatly groomed beard, wearing fine clothing that was adorned with enough jewelry benefiting his station. He watched the battlefield that decided the fate of the Kingdom of Sussex.

"Few sins are more dangerous. Gluttony and Lust can be tempered, but Pride? It will lead you off the edge of a cliff and leave you convinced it was your own idea," Pepin replied, watching as the petty kingdom of Sussex breathed its last. It was a land where a hundred men was considered a formidable army. A far cry from the tens of thousands that marched with Francia.

Ecbert had the greater of the armies. Wessex wasn't a poor country in itself, but its wealth paled to the coffers of Francia and Rome. With a trickle of wealth, an amount so miniscule Pepin doubted that the record keepers had even noticed it, Wessex became what it and its peers considered wealthy. With that wealth, Ecbert attracted mercenaries to his banner in his conquest of rapid expansion.

Mercia still loomed to the North, but they were divided internally. That allowed Ecbert to swiftly conquer the petty kingdom of Cornwall, and now Sussex and Kent. East Anglia was next, and with it, the southern coast would be secure. From there, they would fortify the coast while an alliance was struck with Northumbria to surround Mercia. Their internal strife would ferment with a few well placed bribes before the kingdom would be cut in two.

At least, that was the deal struck in private. Pepin imagined that as soon as Mercia fell, the two would turn on one another.

Ecbert favored him with a glance from the corner of his eye, clever enough to hear the meaning of his words. "It does inspire one to boldness. And willful blindness, I imagine," he admitted. Also keenly aware that he was merely a pawn on his father's board, yet still hoping that he would reach the other side to become something more. "But I suspect that, without pride, man would be rooted still, too aware of ourselves and our failings to take a single step forward."

He was reckless and opportunistic, but not blind.

"Ah," Ecbert continued, diverting the conversation as his mercenaries crushed the hundred farm boys of Sussex, who were breaking off and running while the lord of Sussex was left hurling curses after them. "Wonderful. God has surely smiled upon us this day," he said, making to thank the Lord.

Performatory, but convincing enough for most. With a condition such as his, Pepin has learned early how to spot liars. And those who feigned zealotry to curry favor with his father. Ecbert was an excellent liar.

"Another victory to commemorate," Pepin remarked politely, watching as the former lord of Sussex was taken captive in what had been meant to be a valiant last stand, Pepin imagined. It was hard to appear dignified when a fisherman's net was tossed over you and you were dragged off your feet.

"The Norsemen raise… what was it, a runestone to celebrate such things?" Ecbert prompted a shift in the conversation. A reveal that he was well aware of his role as a pawn for his father.

"That is their custom. They are a festive people, obsessed with self-celebration -- they raise runestones, commission sagas, and songs," Pepin answered. They had… danced around the issue for the past year, for lack of a better word. Ecbert knew the truth of it. He had likely always known, but he pretended ignorance, testing the waters with Pepin until he had a proper grasp of his character.

It was easy to see why his father favored Ecbert. He was not a fool. And even when he was being foolish, he was exceedingly careful.

"Sounds simply exhausting. I imagine half the things that the Wolfkissed builds are runestones from the sounds of things," Ecbert remarked and Pepin fought a smile.

"Quite possible. Though, if you listen to what the Hollanders say, then he has rebuilt Rome in a day," Pepin replied. The continued independence of Holland was a sore spot for his father, but it had proven to be a useful one. With the rising tensions between Scandinavia and Francia, and the, until recently, border skirmishes, trade between Saxons and Francia was non-existent. To that end, as was trade between Scandinavia and Francia.

Holland, however, was… "independent." Officially, at least. The former Saxon King, who retired to serve Siegfried as an adviser, still held the reins of the kingdom. However loose they had gotten. Francia could not retake it without risking a war that none of them were ready to fight. Thus, Holland remained independent and had become an important center of trade between the empires. They would not trade with each other directly, so they went to Holland, bringing goods and news, and both would end up in the other's empire.

It wasn't an arrangement that would last forever. Or even very long, Pepin suspected. But it was a convenient solution to the inconvenient problem of learning what the young emperor was doing, as his court was surprisingly resilient to spies.

The answer was ruling. And ruling quite well.

He smiled every time he heard it as he knew his father had hoped that Siegfried would stumble as a king at peace.

"Oh, I can imagine," Ecbert replied, evenly. Testingly. He decided that now was the time to ask what he really wished to speak of. "I must admit, it keeps me up at night thinking about what such a man would do to ensure his glory never fades. The gluttony of the pagans is legendary, after all. Would he really be satisfied with damp forests and frigid dirt to rule over? Or would his gaze wander in hopes of another saga and runestone?"

"I cannot be certain. I am no pagan, and I cannot claim to know their minds… but I fear your worries are of substance, King Ecbert," Pepin replied. No surprise in the man's eyes but his lips twitched. In amusement.

Pepin imagined he must be quite bored playing petty king in a small kingdom such as this. All the more so when he had tasted the vastness of the world in his father's court. Or, at the very least, he missed having an intelligent conversation. Enough that he didn't mind his condition.

"My seneschal and son have both spoken of the possibility. They are convinced that the best solution would be to expand and fortify the eastern coast. An expensive endeavor to be sure." Ecbert noted, watching as the lord of Sussex was dragged through the mud towards them.

"Debilitatingly so. However, my father's coffers are open to a fast and trusted friend," Pepin replied, knowing that was to be expected. His father would turn every hill in the world into a fortress without a second thought, regardless of the cost, if there was the slightest possibility that one of them would impede Siegfried.

Ecbert wanted the funds. It was free money, after all, and it was to Pepin's understanding that few things were sweeter. But that was not all he wanted.

"It strikes me that I should pose the same question to you, Lord Pepin," Ecbert remarked, putting a touch of emphasis on Lord. And Pepin hated how a shiver raced down his twisted spine at it. He was lord of nothing in Francia. "Your father has battled the Pagan, conversed with him -- perhaps some insight could be offered at how to best ensure that he never takes our shores?"

Pepin watched the lord as he was dragged, kicking, spitting, cursing and damning them all to the death of hell. It was quite amusing.

"Siegfried is a man who looks to the far future in all things, King Ecbert," Pepin cautioned, deciding to impart his true thoughts. "He started as a humble farmer, and now, in but a few years, he leads an empire. He is not rash. He is not foolish. He is, perhaps, the most dangerous man that walks the Earth, as he is a man of great power yet possesses no arrogance or pride to blind him."

Ecbert was listening intently even if the small pleasant smile never left his face.

"To fortify the coast is expected. Worse, it is something that must be done, but this will factor into his plans. One day, I suspect, he will use those very same fortresses that you have built to secure a foothold in Brit- England. However, I sincerely doubt that they would ever be used on him," Pepin continued. "He will go to the North, to Alba, and find common cause with them, and then march his armies south. Or, perhaps, he will ally himself with the Welsh or a tribe of the Éire. He will attack you where you are vulnerable and where you are least prepared."

The raids would begin soon, Pepin suspected. Siegfried was building an armada according to the spies that Pepin did cultivate amongst the merchants. A fleet of strange ships. Many of the young men of the empire had departed to the Mediterranean to cause a ruckus amongst the Romans, and Siegfried would not be one to let opportunity pass him by so easily.

He would direct some of these young men, grant them a ship, and point to the west to begin raiding. To gather intelligence to be used against them in the wars to come.

"He seems to be quite the foe," Ecbert replied, unhappy with what he heard but unsurprised. More importantly, he considered what he said carefully. To what end? Pepin would have to wait and see. "But, I believe with trusted friends and clever minds, we shall see him off. And if we don't… well, even in defeat there is opportunity."

Pepin glanced at the petty king at the remark, wondering what exactly he meant by that, but Ecbert made no effort to explain. Instead, he threw on a practiced smile and approached the unfortunate lord as he was brought nearby. "Count Olaf! How lovely it is to see you…!"

A dangerous man to be certain, Pepin thought, and not for the first time.

The problem with chess metaphors had always been the fact that even pawns had minds of their own.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 559 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Days Gone By New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#7,031
Another year came and went, marked by the birth of my third daughter, Ranni. Her siblings welcomed her into the world, proving very protective of their newest sibling, as did the realm. It was the second year of my reign over all of Scandinavia, and things had begun to settle, to a degree. Though some things, not so much.

The Khazar threat was nullified with a timely death, splintering the horde as they fought for supremacy over their rivals. I imagined that the Romans were quite frustrated with the turn of events, but our borders remained unmolested beyond the expected seasonal raids. Raids that were settled swiftly, with the remains left marking the border of my empire as a stern reminder to all who dared.

There was no telling when the Khazar succession crisis would fix itself, but others were quick to take advantage. The Magyars expanded, snatching up a few tributaries and grasslands for grazing. The Bulgarians, however, fared much better and secured their holdings around Kiev in their ongoing war to retake Krum's lost kingdom from Rome. An effort that they were having some success with, largely due to the increase in raids into Anatolia by the Abbasids, forcing the Romans to split their focus. Naturally the Abbasids took the lion's share, as they were by far the greater threat.

I still doubted that Krum would fully reclaim his ancestral lands, but I was hoping to be proven wrong. In any case, the warriors that traveled with him did their jobs well, and after securing a foothold in the Caucasus Mountains for the Abbasids, they either returned to Bulgaria for further mercenary work or drifted to Hoffer's kingdom, which I learned had taken the bottom half of Italia.

The world around me seemed to be shifting dangerously, but my own footing seemed steady. My construction efforts were well underway -- particularly in Sweden and the Geatlands. At this point, the construction had been ongoing for about five years, and the results were beginning to manifest. The forts-turned-cities were growing, the areas where I had settled the thralls were beginning to flourish as they extracted the resources there, and that in turn led to a sharp increase in trade.

Likewise, the more recently integrated territories, such as Saxony and Pomerania, had their own projects underway. Road networks, new villages, and, of course, fortresses to safeguard the border I now shared with Francia.

With it all came a sense of unity that was slowly beginning to foster in the hearts of my people. My Codex of Laws was implemented after the debate, and for the most part, it was accepted. Naturally there were some holdouts, but as time passed I intended to erode them into nothing. The various kings going back to their respective kingdoms was also something of a relief, even if some of them were my brothers.

My other projects were also progressing smoothly. My capital was expanding, the great works continuing their construction, and were expected to be completed within a few years' time. More importantly, my universities had finally opened their doors in earnest -- the first in my capital, with a second being built in Gotland. Just to ensure that should my capital ever fall, a loss of knowledge like that which came with the downfall of Alexandria would not be repeated.

Masters of crafts were recruited to teach, as were learned men, and the incentives to entice families to send their extra sons there rather than out of the empire seemed to be working. The university would start with practical trades, but it would expand beyond them as the foundations of the empire solidified. There would be teachers for Law-Speakers and orators, the arts, mathematics, and more. It would take more time to tell, and longer still to truly see the effects on my people, but I was feeling hopeful.

Things, simply put, were moving in the right direction.

Which made me feel uneasy.

There were, of course, problems on the horizons. Another batch of young men were readying themselves for a trip down to the Mediterranean, though thankfully in much smaller numbers. They I intended to direct towards Britannia to do a few probing raids and to gain more detailed information on the island beyond the rumors passing through Holland.

The kings that I'd elevated had assumed their responsibilities, and now after a few years the greed for more started to shine in their eyes, but their options were limited. Norway, Sweden, Sami, and even Denmark could only hope to expand into each other -- something that hadn't dawned upon many until the raiding season came and the lands they usually raided were part of the same people as them now. Leaving many to look to the eastern kingdoms of Novograd, Estonia, Lithuania, and Pomerania with envy, as they had means to expand.

In addition, now that the trade deal with the Abbasids was in effect? Those kingdoms benefited from it the most. In particular Lithuania and Estonia via the Dnieper River, and Norway and Denmark through the western sea around Francia. Sweden, one of the more material rich of my kingdoms, had yet to fully leverage its resources, and Haldur was gnashing his teeth at the thought of being poorly positioned. With patience, he would learn that he, Sami, and Finland were excellently positioned to grow rich but… patience had never exactly been a virtue of his.

Sooner or later, one of those kingdoms would attempt to expand into the other -- claiming a village or a resource to empower themselves, and I fully intended to come down on the culprit like the hammer of Thor. Something that they suspected, I think, and that kept them honest. For now.

Meaning that all of it was a problem I would certainly have to deal with in a few years time, but today?

Today was calm. There were no immediate issues. At long last, after two years of my attention being divided to the point of being paper thin all hours of the day, I found myself gazing out towards the sea with the startling realization that there was nothing that needed my attention. Astrid, Jill, Morrigan, and Jasmine -- all of them had developed their own courts filled with competent and able people, leaving fewer things that needed their direct involvement. And fewer slipped by them that would require my involvement.

It felt strange. I felt like Sisyphus, who had at long last pushed the stone to the top of the hill, but now that the deed was done it felt like I should be bracing myself for it to roll all the way back down.

It wouldn't. Probably. It was merely the payoff of years of intense labor to ensure that this moment would eventually come.

I just hadn't expected to be clueless on what to do with myself when the moment finally arrived. So, I looked inward and…

"I want to go fishing," I decided, thinking back to the last time I had gone. It had been in Crete one afternoon, one not dissimilar to today, when Norland had finally reached a point it no longer needed my constant attention and there were no immediate political concerns. Ragnar had been just a baby then.

A thought struck me, "Ulf," I summoned him and he stepped forward. "Have one of the new longships prepared. I'll be taking my children to my ancestral home," I decided.

"At once, Allvaldr," Ulf said, dipping his head and leaving the room. My gaze lingered on the sea for a moment more before I took left to gather my children.

I was always aware of where they were within the palace -- Ragnar, Magnus, Scáthach and Aífe were in the training yard, as usual. Especially the latter two, who rarely seemed to leave it these days now that they were formally accepted as apprentices to Lagatha. Meanwhile, Radahn and Bjorn were with their tutors. Ranni, however, would still be with Jasmine but was far too young to go on the trip.

Gathering them up was simple enough, and with a short conversation with their respective mothers I gained their permission to take them on the trip. Their excitement for it differed between them, but I think all of them would enjoy it in the end as we walked down a dock in Miklagard.

"What happened to that longship?" Magnus questioned, spying the vessel we would take.

"It is a newer design for them," I answered, easily able to see the influences of the 'caravel' ship design. It was a blend of designs rather than a true caravel to make use of the natural advantages of the longship -- namely that longships could easily navigate rivers with their shallow hulls.

The result was that the longship was wider than either design with a second deck, which would be reserved for cargo and quarters for the crew. The sails were different as well with two masts, each carrying a triangle shaped sail that could be adjusted to always have the wind behind them. Additionally, on each deck there were oars for additional speed.

It was a perfect blend between the two ships, gaining the advantages of both with little sacrifice. These new longships were a touch slower than their smaller counterparts, but they allowed for two or three times as much cargo. It made them ideal for sailing the Baltic Sea, which my empire was based around. For further trade outside of the Baltic however, the caravel would be more favored, but that was something I was saving for later.

"They are being crafted all across the Baltic, but this is the first," I said, the warriors clapping their fists over their hearts as they saw us come aboard. My children were quick and eager to take stock of it, but Ragnar stayed nearby.

"Where are we going?" He asked as the final preparations were made to set sail before the ship pushed off the dock.

"My old home," I answered, testing a hand on his head and ruffling his hair. "It has the best fishing spots," I added, recalling fondly how I never laid a fish trap that wasn't filled by the end of the day this time of year.

Ragnar perked up at the idea of seeing the home of our ancestors for at least three generations. As did the others.

It was quite amusing to see their interest immediately evaporate the moment they caught sight of my home. The ship was pushed ashore, and I walked up to the house, idly wondering if my old fishing poles had survived the change of hands.

"It's tiny," Magnus observed, looking at me, then at the house, then back at me -- I could see the disbelief in his eyes.

I laughed, "I wasn't always this big, Magnus. When I was your age, I was even smaller than you," I added and laughed again at his outright disbelief. That was fair, I think. I couldn't imagine my father as a child either. He was always so big in my memories, but the truth of it was that if he were still alive, I would tower over him.

"Who lives here now?" Radahn asked, running around the house, eyeing it like it contained an adventure.

"No one," I answered. The family that had inherited the land after the death of my family had been relocated and granted the lands that I'd once cultivated for Horrik. He had kept them for himself after his betrayal, taking everything that he had learned from the farm there to apply across Denmark. Which now was applied across Scandinavia. It was good land, but as much blood and sweat I had spent on improving it, it simply didn't have the depth of memories that this old farmhouse did. Both good and bad. "I have a few servants to maintain it and collect the harvest, but the land still belongs to our family."

I couldn't quite let the old farmhouse go, even if I wasn't sure why I kept it. A reminder of simpler times, perhaps?

It mattered little in the end. We still had it, and more importantly, I found the fishing poles that had belonged to my family. I grabbed my father's, while Ragnar ended up with my old one. There was a quick fight about who would get which one, but it was settled. It left me with a feeling of nostalgia, and it was a strange feeling to have such sentimental feelings and watch my children squabble over them, completely ignorant of the memories attached to the fishing poles.

The feeling never quite passed as we walked down to a familiar bank and tossed the lines into a steadily moving stream. Scáthach and Aífe immediately made a contest of it, with Bjorn and Radahn finagling an agreement that they could team up. A mistake both girls soon regretted as the fish were practically jumping out of the water and into our baskets. Magnus and Ragnar, however, stuck closer to my sides.

"What are we learning, father?" Ragnar asked me suddenly, and I looked down at him, not sure what he meant. "The lesson?" He asked, gesturing to everything around him, and I felt my heart clench a little at that.

"No lessons today, son," I assured him. "Beyond, perhaps, that I'm no longer young enough to not feel old." I added with a snort, making his brow furrow. So, I clarified, "I just wanted to spend a day with my boys. And the twins."

"Which twins?" Radahn asked, and that was another question I couldn't make sense of. So, I prompted him with a raising of my eyebrow, and Radahn patted Bjorn. "Me and Bjorn are twins. We have the same birthday, like Scath and Aífe." Bjorn was in complete agreement and gave a deep nod, even as he gave a fish nipping at his hook his absolute focus.

Not at all how that worked, but I found that I didn't have it in me to argue. "I see. Both sets of twins then," I replied, making Radahn smile and resume fishing without a care in the world. Meanwhile, I saw Ragnar and Magnus trade a look and a shrug from the corners of my expanded vision before they did the same, both wearing small smiles.

It was a peaceful moment. I could almost forget how our guards arranged themselves around the bank, securing us from harm. Or, rather, securing my children. Something I was endlessly grateful for. Grateful enough that once the baskets were full, I waved off an attempt to cook our supper and found myself sitting on a familiar log.

"Ewwwww!" Bjorn remarked, watching with fascination as I scaled and gutted a fish with practiced ease. It only occurred to me then that it was probably the first time that he had seen it done in person.

"What's so gross about it? You eat it every time you have fish," I pointed out -- a mistake, I think, because his face twisted into outright horror.

"I eat that?" He uttered, desperate to not believe it.

It was a reminder that my children and I had had very different upbringings. Ragnar and Magnus had been born after I became an important warlord in the Mediterranean, and then nobility. Radahn and Bjorn were born after I had become king. They had only ever been princes.

"Hm. Want to try?" I asked, handing him a fish and a carving knife.

He snatched both out of my hands fast enough that I thought he was going to hurt himself before having a go of it. He made noises of disgust and fascination in equal measure as he copied my movements to the best of his ability. It was a bit roughly done, but Bjorn had managed to gut the fish well enough. Though I would be eating it rather than giving it to the men. Just in case.

What I hadn't expected, though I really should have, was for Bjorn to immediately round on Aífe, who had been gutting her own fish tentatively, and shove it towards her threateningly.

"Ew- don't- don't!" Aífe yelped, hopping off the log while Bjorn laughed maniacally, chasing after her with a handful of fish guts. Which lasted right up until she yanked out the guts of her own fish, and waved them back in his face.

Bjorn, confronted with the consequences of his actions, turned on a heel and started running as he screamed at the top of his lungs. Aífe gave chase without an ounce of mercy in her heart and a great big smile on her face.

I just shook my head at it, turning to Magnus and Radahn, and showing them how to skewer the fish and to season it with salt before roasting them over the fire. Before long, the rich scent of cooking fish brought everyone over, and though it was a simple meal, it was filling. The guards and my soldiers did seem a bit put out at having royalty cook for them, but they swiftly got used to it and helped themselves.

"It's nice," Magnus decided, nibbling at his third fish, looking out at the fields and forest.

"It's quiet," Scáthach agreed, sounding like she wasn't sure how to feel about it. "I never noticed how much noise there was in Miklagard." Though, it wasn't exactly quiet. Bjorn and Radahn were done with their meals and were sparring with sticks.

"Can we come here again?" Ragnar asked, trying to not look hopeful and that twisted my guts.

All my children were too clever for their own good. Ragnar most of all, I think. He understood exactly how busy I generally was, and though he never complained, I think that wore on him more heavily than I suspected.

"I hope so," I admitted, and as much as it did twist in my guts, I also knew better than to make it a promise. What I was trying to do would take all of my strength, focus, and dedication. Creating an empire from nothing, of a people who never even imagined the possibility, was demanding. All the more so as there was no end to the list of enemies who would see me falter and everything I built crumble to ash.

Ragnar seemed to accept that, and he was pleased with the answer. Which was enough for us both, at least for the moment.

But no good thing could last forever.

"Allvaldr, a ship approaches," one of the guards informed and I turned to the rover sharply. Within a few minutes, I saw an older model of longship approach, though I was quite puzzled by who was on it when it pulled to shore.

"Grandmother!" My children were quick to greet her as she stepped foot on the lands that had once been her home. She hid it well, but I caught traces of the same sense of being overwhelmed that I and my brothers had felt when we visited during our chase of Horrik's army. The children flocking to her was a welcome distraction, a smile tugging at her lips that reached her eyes as she embraced them.

My mother was growing older.

It felt like it should be obvious. It was the way of things. Children became adults and adults became elders. One day, I too would become an old man and Ragnar, Magnus, and all of my children would become adults, have children of their own, and so on for as long as my bloodline persisted. Still, it caught me off guard to see the traces of age start to claim her. The graying of her hair, wrinkles gathering in the corners of her eyes…

She still carried herself with strength. Purpose. She was dressed in a bright blue and gold dress with stitched damask patterns embroidered into it with a wolfpelt placed over her shoulders, smiling and laughing as my children told her what they had done today. A novelty for them that had been commonplace for us.

"Siegfried," Mother greeted me, her eyes shining with a kind pride but there was a weight to them. "It's good that you brought them here. It's important for them to understand their roots."

"And get a reminder of how the other side lives," I agreed, embracing her for a long moment before pulling back. "But, your eyes tell me you didn't come just to see how our expedition fared. What has happened?" I asked, bracing myself for the news, whatever it might be.

"Your wives wanted to keep it secret until you returned, as not to taint your day with bad news, but I know you would want to know as soon as possible," Mother answered, her lips pressing into a thin line. "It is Charlemagne and the Romans."

Ah.

"Charlemagne and Irene have announced their engagement and their intent to marry during the summer," she continued as I gazed out to the river. "It will be alongside many other such marriages that will happen in Rome. With them, the unification of their empires will be formalized and our enemies will be stronger than ever."

The news wasn't entirely a surprise -- this was always going to happen, but what caught me off guard was how soon it was. I thought there would be a few years longer before Francia and Rome joined together to become a restored Roman Empire.

"A reaction to the rise of my empire," I reasoned thoughtfully, asking myself what this changed. "I thought they would solidify the union with an invasion into the Abbasids, but I suppose that became unnecessary with a pagan empire appearing on their northern doorstep." Fear was an incredible motivator, and I knew my reputation had reached far across both Francia and Rome. I would be entirely unsurprised if Charlemagne himself hadn't fanned the flames to make people more afraid so they would bend to his demands. As it would be better to lose a little with obedience than risk all with disobedience.

"What does this mean for your plans?" Mother asked me, grabbing my hand to reassure me. Just as she had when I was a boy angry and fearful of my brothers' teasing.

A great many things, but also… nothing. This was always going to happen. It has merely happened sooner than I expected, and under different circumstances.

"It means… I need to give them a wedding gift."

...

Happy holidays, everyone!

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 571 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Rome New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Dec 31, 2025
Add bookmark
#7,064
Four years. It was strange to think about at times, but it had been seven years since he decided to take his chance to make a fortune in the military. Three years for the grand conquest that forged an empire. And it really spoke to how ridiculous of a feat that was because the four years spent in the Mediterranean had only been a fraction as successful.

For some, at least.

Hjalmar slammed a cup full of dice on the table, already knowing which sides would be facing up as he revealed them with a flourish, drawing a chorus of groans from the various officers arranged in the tent. He fought to keep a smirk from tugging at his lips, reaching out and scooping coins his way and stacking them up -- there were Norse coins, Bulgarian coins, and… Roman coins.

He held one up, seeing that it was a new mint. On one side was Emperor Charlemagne's visage with a script of Frankish letters around the rim. On the other was Empress Irene surrounded by Greek. One of the coins that went into production at the time of their wedding in Rome, so the silver in it was pure.

"Heard they're already expecting a new little Roman heir," Hoffer the One-Eye remarked next to him, letting out an eyewatering belch as he nursed his cup of ale. He was a cousin or something to King Hoffer, who ruled the island kingdom that Siegfried had left in his wake. Hjalmar didn't pay much attention to the relation -- when all their menfolk were named Hoffer, he doubted they even knew who they were related to and how. Not to mention, he was one of dozens that were sprinkled about the Mediterranean in the years since the Conquest.

"Aye?" Trym questioned, laying about on a lounging chair that they had liberated from a Roman villa, stretched out like a well rested cat as he flicked up a grape into the air and it landed straight into his mouth.

"Hm. Heard talk about it in Norland," Hoffer replied as the other officers slammed more bets on the table and the dice made another roll. "Might have even been born already."

"That has to be a real mess of an inheritance," Hjalmar remarked, leaning in his own seat and tilting his gaze up to the ceiling to see a painted mosaic. It was some story of the Bible, the one with God telling some guy to sacrifice his son just to see if he would do it before delivering a lamb. It was one of his favorites -- it felt like a trick Loki would pull. "The Romans, the real Romans, will hate the idea of a half-blood on the throne. But they'll hate the idea of a full-blooded barbarian even more."

By default, the child between Charlemagne and Irene would be the one to inherit. That was the only chance the restored Roman Empire had to remain intact. Meaning that his other sons wouldn't be inheriting a crown. And there were few people more dangerous than those who had expected to receive a crown but didn't.

"Eh, I say let them tear each other apart. More coin for us," Trym reasoned, tossing up another grape.

"I almost feel for King Charlemagne," Hjalmar replied with a small shake of his head. "Imagine breathing new life into a dead empire, and knowing your sons are going to muck it up?"

"Price of having sons," Hoffer snorted. "We're all fools until we make enough mistakes to be called wise. Usually by the time we're old and gray."

Hjalmar made a noise of agreement, flipping the roman coin between his fingers. Then he heard a yelp from Hoffer, prompting him to look over to see Ulfar had arrived and plucked a hair from Hoffer's beard.

"A gray hair? You must be wise indeed," He teased, dodging out of the way of a playful swat. But then his gaze landed on Hjalmar, who cocked an eyebrow. "King Hoffer has summoned us. He's planning another raid," he added, much to the cheer of the men.

Hjalmar nodded before he placed a few coins into the pile on the table. "For the love of the game," he said, patting a likely winner on the shoulder as he passed. Because the man was almost as good of a cheater as Hjalmar was. That earned him a few cheers before he left the room with Ulfar.

They walked the halls of a Roman villa that had fallen into the hands of King Hoffer. It had felt old when they first arrived, the aged stone telling that it endured from an age gone by, but it was vast and well cared for. Enough so that it had only been a small surprise to learn that the island had once been the personal pleasure island of Emperor Tiberius. And now it was a base for foreign forces to raid up and down the Italia coast, almost with complete impunity.

"You seem unusually thoughtful," Ulfar remarked to him as they walked by a beautiful view of the sea and a cliffside. As well as an assembled army.

"Thinking about kingdoms and empires," Hjalmar admitted.

"Thinking about carving one out for yourself?" Ulfar asked, earning a snort from Hjalmar. Others had talked about it, he knew. It was a fairly popular topic these days, and one that even felt possible. The wealth of the Mediterranean still felt unimaginable some days. It wasn't quite the 'rivers full of wine, villages full of beautiful and willing women, and cities built of silver and gold' like in the stories, but there was a richness in the land that was simply lacking back home.

It was a wonder that the Allvaldr had it in him to return. If it had been Hjalmar? After settling that blood debt, he would have taken everyone he could and migrated down to the Mediterranean to carve his kingdom out of a much more pleasant land than the frigid north.

"More like how they rise and fall," Hjalmar retorted. "Bulgaria fell, and now it's larger than it was thanks to us."

"And the loose grip of the Romans," Ulfar added, earning an agreeing nod.

They had spent two years in Bulgaria, aiding King Krum retake his kingdom. While they had reclaimed the core territories, everything south of the Danube River was decidedly lost. Which amounted to roughly half of what had been Bulgaria. Instead of beating his head against that particularly well-fortified wall, King Krum had instead swept to the west, towards the recently conquered territories that had once belonged to the Magyars. They were taken with little resistance, the Romans having far greater concerns than territory that was barely worth holding, much less fighting for.

By the end of their first two years? Bulgaria stretched from the Danube to the Dnieper Rivers, over the Carpathian Mountains, but not beyond. Krum had been fortifying his borders and settling his new lands by the time they left, their thirst for treasure not sated. So, they heeded the Allvaldr and the Caliph, trekking to a small mountain kingdom before they were escorted across Anatolia through the Caliphate due to Constantinople refusing to allow their ships to sail through the strait it controlled.

In the years since? They had settled in King Hoffer's kingdom, and they had grown fat with wealth. They raided with impunity across Anatolia, Illirya, Italia, and the parts of Gaul and Hispania that were now in Roman hands. The latter less so, as five years wasn't quite enough time to recover from the savaging the Allvaldr had given it. Hjalmar wasn't sure if Siegfried had left the people there with a pair of coins to rub together.

But everywhere else? Especially the trade ships that came and went between what had been Francia and Rome? Absurdly rich.

The temptation to stay and carve out a petty kingdom for himself was there. It felt like it could be an easy life in an easy land. Yet…

"But it can't last," Hjalmar continued. "Not the petty kingdoms, not Bulgaria, and not Hoffer's kingdom." That's what stayed his hand. What prevented him from washing his hands of responsibility and the reason why he didn't simply retire to a villa with an army of servants to attend to him until his dying day.

Ulfar nodded, "I think King Hoffer realizes that as well. It's why he seeks to rush securing his territory before the Romans decide to swat away the flies annoying them so they can focus on the Abbasids and Scandinavia."

That was it exactly. As things were, Hoffer's kingdom and Bulgaria were minor concerns. A lower priority. But that wouldn't always be true. Once the unrest following the merging of their different cultures started to subside, Rome would have the strength to spare to deal with them.

"Not to mention it's only a matter of time before the Abbasids tire of fools pirating their trade ships and coast," Hjalmar reasoned as they walked. It was the nature of those that were willing to travel a world away in the pursuit of wealth -- they tended to be fools, and short-sighted ones at that. And once the Abbasids grew tired of them, Hoffer would lose his ally in the Mediterranean and be sandwiched between two giants that would each seek to control the seas.

"Then you are settled on returning next year?" Ulfar asked, making Hjalmar hesitate before nodding. "How many men do you think will follow you back?"

"A thousand, I think. Perhaps more for the glory of participating in a Great Raid," he reasoned as they passed through a hall and walked down some stairs towards a courtyard. There, he saw a number of gathered commanders, many of them Norse and many of them not. "You?"

"A few thousand. It will be difficult to convince them to return. Short-sighted or not, it's easier to think of today and not tomorrow," Ulfar replied. The conversation lapsed as they arrived in the palace courtyard, finding King Hoffer seated on a throne. They were but a pair of faces amongst the commanders, albeit ones possessed of more influence than some, when they were brought towards the king and placed in seats of honor.

Hjalmar kept his thoughts off of his face as he swept his gaze over the gathered commanders. He didn't think much of most of them.

Hoffer's kingdom was a drawing point for mercenaries and pirates. Hoffer welcomed them with an open yet firm hand for the sake of having the manpower to resist the Romans -- be it garrisoning forts on the mainland, securing islands, or raiding. Hjalmar wasn't sure how many people dwelled within Hoffer's borders, but he was convinced at least half of them were fighting men and cutthroats.

Another reason why he had no intention of staying. If he did, then his dying day could be tomorrow, when some pirate bribed the right servant and he woke up to a skewered heart. Admittedly that would technically be true anywhere, but it was especially true here.

"I have received a message from our friend and ally, Emir Hadi al-Ghayb," he began, holding up a folded letter. "A request for a series of raids along the coast of Roman controlled Hispania, lower Gaul, as well as Italia."

The information was interesting, but Hjalmar already knew where it was going. In the years since Siegfried's Great Raid, the Abbasids and Romans had been fighting to push each other out of the new territory. They were minor skirmishes for the most part, with villages changing hands, but little more than that across a back and forth border. However, everyone expected that to change after the marriage.

The signs were all there -- armies drilling, fortifications being built, grain being stockpiled… war was in the air, and it was only a matter of when it would start.

That didn't interest him much, largely because he had no intention of being here when that war did start. His only concern was how this would impact his ability to drag some fools back North with him. That, and the fact he knew that Hoffer would seek to influence him, and them, to stay. Instead, his focus was on Hoffer himself as he spoke towards the other commanders. And what he hoped to gain with this announcement.

Predictably, the men were excited, but Hoffer stalled them with a raised hand. And it spoke a great deal about him that bands of blood-thirsty pirates, mercenaries and fools quieted down with the simple gesture. While Hoffer wasn't quite as physically imposing as Siegfried, he wasn't that far off. A useful trait when dealing with violent men who only cared for wealth and pleasure.

"However," Hoffer continued, raising another letter. "I fear that our Abbasid allies underestimate us. The strength that we command. Our reach!" He started, and the men cheered, roaring with approval. Partly because everyone loved a compliment, but mostly because they knew his words meant a chance for even greater wealth. "In but ten years, we have transformed ourselves. We have gathered strength and power and on this day? We have mustered an army of fifty thousand men!"

Fifty thousand men on the Capri. It seemed high, but it fit his own estimations.

"The Romans seek to dislodge us. The Abbasids seek to diminish us," he continued, and Hjalmar got the feeling that this was turning towards a very dangerous destination. "I say that we strike back! Let us strike the beating heart of the Roman Empire -- Rome itself!"

And that explained why fifty thousand men had been gathered on such a small island. King Hoffer planning something was obvious, but he hadn't thought that Rome itself was the prize.

"He wants to kill the restored empire in its cradle," Ulfar whispered over the sound of cheering.

"That'd explain it," Hjalmar agreed. "He's likely planning to push them out of Italia altogether." It showed that King Hoffer was similarly aware of his position, so he wasn't waiting for either Rome or the Abbasids to decide his kingdom was more trouble than it was worth. He was attempting to shatter the union between Francia and Rome while it was still young and fragile.

Sacking Rome itself would be a huge blow to the legitimacy of the union. Then there was the fact that Italia was a natural point of connection between Francia and Rome. Losing it meant that messages, edicts, and what have you would need to go through Illirya. Which was under threat by the Bulgarians.

Francia could still call itself Rome if it wished, but severing that connection meant that they would functionally be two, divided empires. When used in conjunction with the Abbasids launching their invasion into Hispania and possibly Anatolia? They wouldn't be bolstered by Francia's support. Nor would Francia be supported by the Romans when it came time for conflict with Scandinavia. Not to mention the wide sweeping unrest that would follow a decade's worth of effort, dozens if not hundreds of marriages, and countless unpopular policy changes being rendered pointless as they would no longer be integrating two empires together.

It was ambitious. More ambition than Hjalmar thought that King Hoffer had in him. If he succeeded… then that would be the end of it. Depending on how bad the backlash and the loss of face were, Emperor Charlemagne and Empress Irene could lose it all. Their empires would fracture and ill-timed invasions from Scandinavia or the Abbasids could shatter both their realms like glass.

The more he thought about it, the more audacious the move seemed.

And the more foolhardy.

"Charlemagne would rather lose everything in Hispania all the way to Northern Gaul before he'd let Italia slip between his fingers," Hjalmar added, earning a small nod.

"Not to mention the Romans. Irene is no less dedicated to this union," Ulfar replied. "Both will respond in force… and if Hoffer does not win that war? Then his kingdom is done. Perhaps not instantly, but within a few generations… his kin will lose their grip on the islands until they are subjugated by either the Romans or the Abbasids."

Which was why Hoffer sought to secure Italia. A center of power so that his kingdom would grow and stand amongst equals between the Romans and Abbasids.

"You know what this means, don't you?" Hjalmar questioned, and based on Ulfar's expression, he did.

"He will be less than agreeable to have so many of his warriors departing as was planned by the Allvaldr."


…
​

The men on Capri were eager to depart. They had suspected that they were gathered up for a Great Raid, but they had never guessed that Rome was their prize. The city, despite falling into ruin, was still one of the beating hearts of the Christian faith, and there were few things that the Christian God seemed to love more than gold and silver. In another time, it would be the obvious choice to sack.

Yet, things had changed since the planned restoration of the Roman Empire. Rome had seen a resurgence, becoming an important centerpiece -- a declaration, of sorts. Rome had been a neglected, rotting city, and it was being remade to symbolize the remaking of the empire itself. And, if Hjalmar had to guess, it also had something to do with King Hoffer seizing the bottom half of Italia, making it a natural stronghold city.

It had a standing garrison, though Hjalmar had heard numbers ranging from as little as a few hundred to as many as a hundred thousand. He wasn't sure of the number himself, but he did know that it would be enough that Charlemagne and Irene felt the city would be secure. Meaning that despite all the talk of easy plunder, Hjalmar knew that they were in for a fight.

And as he stood at the bow of his flagship, five thousand warriors under his command, with his ships a few amongst many, when he caught sight of the ancient city? A city that had withstood the test of time and endured armies, be they foreign or of ambitious fellow countrymen?

He knew that it would be quite the fight indeed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, ChaosIndominus2, Andell and 515 others
Ideas-Guy
Dec 31, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Eternal City New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 7, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,096
The Romans weren't oblivious to their approach. Rome itself wasn't located on the coast, though it was close. Hjalmar was sure that Charlemagne or Irene would have at least a few spies scattered about the islands to keep informed of Hoffer's comings and goings. Hoffer had moved quickly, but gathering up an army fifty thousand strong took time. And while they immediately set out after the proclamation, the Romans had prepared for the worst.

They arrived onshore, quickly securing a beachhead in the form of a small coastal village that they immediately began to fortify. It had been completely abandoned. As were the villages on the peripheries of Rome, some abandoning their homes in the middle of a meal or chore based on some of what he saw. It was easy enough to track where they were going, and it seemed the old saying he'd learned in these lands rang with some truth.

"All roads lead to Rome," Hjalmar said, looking up at the famed city. It was… impressive, and all he could see were the walls. Predictably, the gates were shut to them, and he saw men lining those walls with bows. They had likely been preparing for a siege for years now, and Hjalmar felt down to his bones that taking the city would be no small feat.

"How many do you think are in there?" Trym questioned, flicking a berry into his mouth and chewing thoughtfully. "Enough to beat us?"

"Enough to make it painful, I think," he replied, glancing over his shoulder to see the camp was being set up while tools of siegecraft were being constructed -- ladders, rams, and perhaps a siege tower or two. There was a gnawing concern in the back of his mind as he looked at it all, feeling the pressure.

It took time for word to travel, but it would. Charlemagne couldn't let this stand. Irene couldn't let this stand. If they weren't already marshaling their armies, then they soon would, which left them with… what? Six months to siege the city down before either arrived, if that? They would come in force, with tens of thousands of men…

One thing was for certain -- if he had to face such an army, then he'd prefer to do so behind a large wall.

Thankfully, he wasn't the only one that had that concern.

"We shall divide the army into four parts," King Hoffer informed them of the plan in his command tent as the various commanders were in attendance. "Twenty thousand men shall stay here at Rome, to continue the siege, but the rest? They shall be divided into three armies of ten thousand each."

There was a thrum of excitement, all knowing what that meant. King Hoffer raised a hand to quiet them down, "Aye. Those three armies will have a task -- they are to scour the land North and South of Rome. I mean more than just raiding and looting," he pressed on, stressing the importance of it as he looked between all their faces. "Charlemagne will come from the Alps, and to do so with any swiftness, his baggage train will need to be light. An army marches on their stomach and I intend to feed them nothing."

The good cheer had started to take a turn. Most didn't care about the specifics of it. Others, like him, found themselves… dissatisfied with the approach. But he could offer no alternative so any protest died on his tongue.

"Every village between Rome and the Alps? I want them ravaged and ransacked -- their harvests burnt, their animals slaughtered, and wells poisoned. Direct the survivors to towns, and let them eat through whatever reserves that they have. Should the towns refuse to feed them, then that will only heighten unrest and that will make taking those towns that much easier." King Hoffer instructed, a weight to his tone that told Hjalmar he understood what he was saying. The implication and consequences. "The same will be done to the South all the way down to our controlled territories. With the addition of creating stockpiles of food and moving our people to secure key areas -- we must prepare for an attack on both sides."

In a more disciplined army, there would be greater concerns. He saw it during the Conquest. Logistics, morale, establishing milestone goals to gauge if they were on the right path to their ultimate destination. But these men, the vast majority of them, were mercenaries. It didn't matter if they came from Rome, the Abbasids, or Scandinavia. Unlike Siegfried, they came to this land to become rich, and that was all that they cared about.

"What about thralls?" A commander questioned from the back, eager to bleed a stone for every drop of gold.

"Take the prettiest, the strongest, and the children. We don't have the support or food to send every lowborn in Italia to the markets," King Hoffer answered easily, and it was becoming increasingly clear that this invasion was no less prepared than Siegfried's. "Highborn will be taken as hostages, but given the mess that we will make of things, I imagine that quite a few of them won't be able to pay their ransoms. Whatever happens then will be decided by their captor, and should I have need of them in negotiations, I will purchase their captivity. At a discount."

"How will we decide who goes raiding and who stays for the siege?" Another commander asked, and his tone made it clear what position he hoped to receive.

"Volunteers and lots," Hoffer answered. "Those left behind besieging Rome won't be left destitute. A portion of all the incomes of those that raid will be set aside for them, and once we take the city, they will receive a higher share of the spoils." Not everyone was happy about that, but none of them fought it either as it meant that even if they were stuck besieging Rome they wouldn't miss out on the chance to grow rich.

"Who would volunteer for this duty?" King Hoffer questioned, looking around. Hjalmar didn't waste any time raising a hand up, much to the amusement of his fellows.

"Afraid of a fight, Hjalmar?" A familiar commander called out. Hrólfr, one of the newer arrivals that came from the last batch of hot blood from Scandinavia.

"I never turn down easy money," Hjalmar corrected before he tossed him a smile. "Why do you think I always play dice with you?"

That earned a few laughs, and Hrólfr laughed along with them but his smile didn't quite reach his eyes. His pride was a fragile one, Hjalmar knew. He saw himself as destined for great things, yet he'd missed out at a chance of eternal glory and renown by not participating in the Conquest. Then, by the time he arrived in the Mediterranean, most of the fighting to restore Bulgaria was done. Hrólfr, and many like him, were so eager to prove themselves. Eager for easy wealth.

It made them reckless, and Hjalmar had no intention of getting swept up in whatever mess they caused.

"Good," King Hoffer said, approaching and clapping Hjalmar on the shoulder. It felt a bit like what he imagined getting swiped by a bear would feel like. "Good! The siege will require a steady hand and discipline. Ulfar," he continued, looking to his companion, "You shall command the forces to the South."

"Of course, King Hoffer," Ulfar agreed readily with a curt nod.

King Hoffer moved on, and as he did, they shared a glance. Commanding a siege would put twenty thousand men under his influence, while Ulfar would command ten. Provided that everything went well, that would put them in a position to tempt some men back to Scandinavia this time next year.

Only it wouldn't go well.

Hjalmar knew it, and Ulfar knew it as well based on the unspoken message in his eyes.

He wasn't sure what exactly would go wrong… but Hjalmar was willing to bet that it would have something to do with the fact that they would try to leave with some of the army while King Hoffer was using it.


…
​

Conducting a siege was pretty boring work. Dull. Monotonous. The army he commanded, along with a few others to help lighten the burden, had completely surrounded Rome. They'd built the ladders and rams a month ago, and after two months, the siege towers were complete. They made no attempts to assault the city, and the Romans inside made no attempt to sally out to destroy their equipment, even when they left it in vulnerable places.

That told Hjalmar that the forces in Rome weren't plentiful enough that they felt like they could afford to spend the men to delay an assault. Which suited him just fine.

Once a month, the commander of the Roman garrison would essentially call a parley to tell him that he was going to Hell, that he should repent, and that he should leave these lands. Hjalmar just shrugged his shoulders through those meetings, knowing that they were pointless as King Hoffer had made it clear in no uncertain terms -- they would take the city, and accept nothing less.

The siege was so boring that he had the men drilling and working out, much like they did back in the training grounds in Scandinavia. It put a stop to idle hands finding mischief and kept too much boredom setting in. It also stopped them from getting too flabby, because they were eating good during the siege.

Hoffer, naturally, commanded the forces that went North. The other commanders really should have seen that coming. Under his command, there was a steady stream of food, wealth, and thralls sent to the siege for safekeeping. He hadn't seen it himself, but based on the sheer amount of food coming their way, Hoffer wasn't moving on until every last grain of wheat was picked from a field. Their pantries were overflowing to the point that they could feast every day and not put a dent in it.

The wealth and thralls, however, were stockpiled for a time at the camp before being sent to the fishing village turned naval base before they were then taken to Sardinia. And even with his stipulations on the amount of thralls taken, thousands must have been sent to his kingdom's markets in the first three months alone. By the fourth month and the changing of the season, things began to slow. Wealth and goods came in bursts, usually accompanied with word of a victory somewhere or another.

Hjalmar was content with his situation. While the wealth gathered would be spread pretty thinly between twenty thousand men, he was making headway into working over the other commanders and their men. He had absolutely no idea how many of them would be willing to follow him back North, but even if it was only a few thousand, he'd call that a win.

So, as the siege entered its fifth month, he was feeling comfortable. He honestly wasn't sure why the Allvaldr detested them so much. Unlike the constant marching and battles of the conquest, things had settled into a routine -- wake, eat, drill, wash, eat again, then sleep. Over and over and over again without end.

At least that's how it felt, until that routine was suddenly disrupted.

"Lord Hjalmar! Lord Hjalmar! We have a prisoner!" A voice called out in the middle of a dice game, causing Hjalmar to look up from the board and dice that were almost certainly weighed to counter his cheating. A second later, two men were dragging in a bewildered third who seemed to live in mud based on how it was caked upon him.

"So I see," Hjalmar replied, deliberately raising an eyebrow. "And what makes this prisoner so important?"

"We caught him escaping the city, lord. We followed his tracks… and we think we found a way into the city!" They proclaimed, and in an instant everyone's attention shifted from mild interest to fully alert. He was no different.

"Where?" He asked sharply while the prisoner was forced to kneel. He said something, but Hjalmar had no idea what it was. The language of the Romans, perhaps.

"To the west of the city. There is an old aqueduct that must have fallen out of use hundreds of years ago. Dry as an old bone for the most part. But there are places that they flow underground and into the city," one of the men began and now that Hjalmar got a better look at him, he recognized him as Áleifr. One of the more promising new blood that came from the North.

Hjalmar nodded slowly, "Aye, I'm aware. So are the Romans, and that's why those aqueducts are barred, if not filled up."

"We think that some of them have gotten desperate and unblocked one," Áleifr answered. "I had a man enter the tunnel -- it's not big. A man can walk it hunched over a bit, but it's narrow enough that they'd have to walk in a single line. And from a guess, it's about a mile walk into the city." A mile in a confined space, into a potential trap? That'd be a hard sell for a lot of men, meaning that they would have to make the prize worth it.

Hjalmar looked at the man beneath the mud. He was bone thin and haggard. He probably hadn't been eating well even before the siege. "Have him cleaned, give him a meal, and find someone who speaks his language. Promise him a reward for any information he can give about what is going on inside the city."

Áleifr nodded, "Will we take it?" There was an eagerness there.

Caution and ambition warred in his chest, but it would be a lie to say it was an even battle.

"What he says will decide our approach," Hjalmar answered, much to the men's enthusiasm. They heard what they wanted to hear -- that yes, they would take the city and all of the riches inside it. "If he was working alone? If the entrance to the city is unguarded and unnoticed? I would like to send as many men as possible into the city beforehand and have them open the gates for us. If not? Then we shall coordinate an attack on a weaker gate."

It was a risk, but not a dangerous one. Not truly. If this was a trap, then they would lose a hundred men. Perhaps two. The attack on the wall would be repulsed, and that would lower morale for a time. But, soon enough, things would go back to normal and the siege would continue.

If the attack succeeded, however?

Then… under his command, Rome would be taken. The men following him would grow rich, and that was a very powerful argument for when it came time to return North. His own standing would increase as well -- someone might even raise a Runestone. A practice that always felt a touch absurd when he was a common soldier, but now that he was a commander? It felt different.

Just as joining the army had changed the trajectory of his life, it felt like Rome was a fork in the road that could have the Norns spinning the thread of his fate one way or another.

The others felt the same as the camp suddenly took on a renewed sense of purpose, moving with an urgency that had been lacking for months now. The prisoner was revealed to be a beggar, and his description of life inside Rome was promising. The city was barely populated for its size -- fifty thousand people was still a lot, but quite small for a city built to house a million. Which meant that there were entire swaths of the city left completely abandoned.

Militarily, the resistance was both better and worse than Hjalmar had feared. Allegedly there were fifteen thousand soldiers inside the city, but they were broken up between various factions. Five thousand were made up by the standing garrison that Charlemagne had placed in Rome, another three thousand came from the Romans, while the rest were house guards and warriors sworn to the Church. And apparently, none of them could agree on what to do about the army camped outside of their walls.

Disease had swept through the city, largely due to the fact that the pox ridden often traveled to Rome in search of a cure or miracle. They had enough food, so starvation hadn't set in yet, but they had started tightening the belt, which made the poorest of the city such as their new prisoner look to escape. He claimed that no one had helped him, but he did admit that his idea of escaping through the aqueduct tunnels was not an original one.

Meaning that it was only a matter of time before the entrance was discovered -- if not because they found it, but because word would spread to the high born in the city and they would take action.

A day later, the camp came alive and he could see it on the walls that the Romans were panicking, unsure what had changed. They barked challenges on the walls, but they did little good since Hjalmar couldn't understand a word that they were saying. That didn't stop the men from shouting challenges back with a few rude gestures.

The rams and siege towers were rolled to the front line, wooden barricades were pushed up to offer the archers on the ground some cover, while men gathered up in groups to carry the long ladders. A detachment of two hundred men were sent into the aqueduct tunnel during the night, and thus far, they hadn't raised the signal to indicate that they had been noticed or that it was a trap. Meaning that they were either in position, or they were dead.

One way to find out.

Hjalmar took in a slow deep breath, letting the air fill his lungs before he pressed his lips to a horn. It bellowed loudly, reaching others that echoed the sound, and with that, the assault began.

Archers rushed forward, planting down their cover and shooting up at the archers on the walls, rams started to roll towards the various gates of Rome, while siege towers creaked forward. In an instant, the tranquil morning became controlled chaos as arrows found their mark, men shouting in pain or barking orders. The chaos was on both sides of the walls, because he could see the Romans moving with a manic fear as they tried to drive off the attack.

Yet, Hjalmar held back most of his forces. The plan wasn't to assault the walls with them. The cost in men would be too high, and worse, unneeded. Yet, he had them form up for the threat of it -- it forced the Romans to spread themselves thin to repulse attacks happening around the city, and that in turn would make it-

"It's happening," Hjalmar saw, less than thirty minutes before the assault began. A trail of green smoke was left in the wake of an arrow at the eastern gate. "Ironclads! Go! Go!" He shouted the order, caught off guard at how swiftly it happened as he drove his horse towards the eastern gate.

He arrived just in time to see it swing open, the two hundred bloody men welcoming a thousand ironclads into Rome. His heart was hammering at his ribs, watching them go, which spurned others nearby to enter but he was quick to cut that off. "The gate! Hold the gate!" He ordered, riding close to see that it had been a slaughter. "What resistance did you face?"

"Hardly a thing, Lord! A couple dozen men," one of his warriors answered. "Some escaped and sent a runner, so reinforcements could be coming."

"I doubt that -- they're going to be too busy," Hjalmar remarked. "Hold the gate until the army breaks open the others. It shouldn't be long," he ordered and earned a nod before he rode back. The Romans on the wall were falling back, he saw. Some were ignorant of what transpired, but word reached others as he saw them rapidly pull back from the walls. As he did, he barked orders for the ladder assault to commence, ensuring that they took the city.

By the time he arrived at his command tent, he was assaulted by messengers delivering good news. Another gate had fallen open and men were streaming into the city. Within fifteen minutes, another gate had fallen and the fight for the walls was practically over.

A knot uncoiled around his heart, realizing that Rome had fallen. As more and more men rushed into the city, he gave the order for an all out assault to seize it in its entirety before he and his fellows rose underneath the opened gates to see…

"... Oh," Hjalmar uttered, a lump suddenly forming in his throat. The sight of Rome was an incredible one, and he understood the comparisons between it and Miklagard now. The Allvaldr had certainly been inspired by it and Constantinople. But that wasn't what brought him up so short.

The Conquest had been disciplined in a way that he didn't appreciate until this moment. When they took a stronghold or a village, everything was… structure. Organized. There was a process to the taking ofspoils that had the people gathered up, watched, but unharmed. Then those to be taken as thralls to be resettled elsewhere would be clamped in chains and sent off. Any unnecessary harm done to the people was punished severely, with punishments starting at flogging and ending with death.

Hjalmar never really thought about it before until this moment -- how much discipline it took to control such an army so completely. It didn't really occur to him until this moment as he witnessed the absence of that discipline.

The streets of Rome were a madhouse. He heard people screaming, sounds of clashes, but as he rode deeper, he saw that they weren't just against the Romans. He saw men belonging to his army fighting in the streets over choice spoils, with one victor being decided with a thrust, leaving the winner to take the spoils and start digging through the pockets of the man he'd just killed.

"Gods," Hjalmar swore, the reality of it settling on his shoulders. "They're wolves in a chicken coop."

It was disorderly. It was chaos. In the hour they had been in the city, they had probably lost more men than they had when they took it. He should have expected this, in hindsight. The army was composed of mercenaries. This was like dangling a juicy steak in front of a hungry wolf, and without discipline or structure, they gorged themselves like a beast rather than eat like a man.

"Have our men secure the streets. March in groups. Damn it all -- there are Roman soldiers still in this damn city!" Hjalmar snapped, sending out messengers, but he knew deep in his guts that it was far too late to put a lid on the chaos. The only chance he had was if he established discipline over the army before they took the city. "We act as warriors, not animals. Find a building and secure it. Gather what wealth we find there to be divided, as is our way."

During the meantime, he tried establishing what control of the rampaging army that he could, but it was going poorly. It was only by noon that he managed to learn that what was left of the Roman army had pulled back to an important church belonging to their god and Pope. Everything outside of it had been abandoned, and the people felt it.

The sacking went on, lasting all afternoon, and by the time he managed to get ahold of the other commanders and got them to stop their people from killing each other in the streets, he was exhausted down to the bones. Hjalmar half stumbled into the building his men had chosen as a stronghold, which revealed itself to be a church.

He walked down the aisle, the pews moved aside to gather the loot, but there was one intact near the front, before the altar. With a sigh, Hjalmar sat heavily on it, taking off his helmet and glancing up at the man on the cross. The dead god's stare felt particularly judging, so he offered him a shrug.

"For what it's worth… sorry," he apologized, not quite sure what he was apologizing for. Only that it felt like he had failed somehow.

"God grants forgiveness to all those who ask," A voice informed before Hjalmar felt a prick at his neck. "However, redemption must be earned through labor."

Hjalmar sat still, keenly aware of the knife at his throat as he glanced from the corner of his eye to find a man dressed in simple robes and wearing a wooden cross. It almost seemed out of place amongst the splendor of the church. And seeing as his throat hadn't been slit for the glance, he craned his head back to see the man behind him.

His eye was blackened, a lip was busted, yet he smiled with a grandfatherly kindness that almost made him forget about the knife at his throat. Or that he spoke Norse.

"My name is Otto, a bishop of the Church. Though, that is a matter of some debate these days," he informed with a chuckle to Hjalmar's growing bafflement. "I do apologize for the inconvenience, but I will be taking you hostage for a brief period of time. I hope you don't mind."

Huh.

What a strange priest.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 584 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 7, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Give and Take New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 14, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,124
"If you're looking for a ransom, I'm afraid you'll have to look elsewhere. These beasts are more likely to pay you to kill me than they are for my release," Hjalmar remarked, swallowing a lump in his throat while the name scratched at something in the back of his mind. Otto. He knew that name. But from where?

"It is not gold that I seek, but something infinitely more precious. Life," Otto answered, and the more Hjalmar looked at the man, the worse he seemed. The bruising on his face indicated not just a recent beating, but several over a long period of time. His wrists were scraped raw, with scabs that had dried over in some places but were fresh in others. His clothing was stained, and it was an honest wonder that Hjalmar hadn't smelled him coming. "Not for myself, but for a flock that has fallen under my protection."

"From whatever prison you escaped from?" He guessed, and as he did, his men finally took notice of the fact that they had an unexpected guest in the middle of their looting. However, Hjalmar held up a hand to stave off any attempts at heroism that would likely get him killed. Because, for as battered of a man the bishop was, his hand was steady. Otto, for his part, offered a pained smile but an honest one.

"A few of them, but I speak more for the people of Rome. The beggars, prostitutes, and thieves who have nothing for you to take but their lives and freedom. The civilians who have not raised a hand against you. Women and children." Otto implored, unbothered by the fact that he was surrounded. The bishop had a spine in him, that much Hjalmar was willing to concede. Braver than him, certainly.

"I'm a pagan, by your people's tongue. A Norse barbarian. What are the sufferings of your people to me?" Hjalmar bluffed, turning over the demand in his head for a moment, but stopped when Otto laughed.

"Because you remind me of a Norseman I tutored once. He took no pleasure in needless slaughter either," Otto answered, and with that, the pieces clicked together.

"Bishop Otto," Hjalmar realized. "The same who taught the Allvaldr?"

Otto seemed pleased, "Siegfried? Yes, that would be me. I hadn't thought I would be worth a mention in his Saga."

That made the half dozen men surrounding them trade a glance before they lowered their weapons on instinct, and Hjalmar wasn't sure if he should be offended or not. He had no desire to slay the Allvaldr's priest, but he desired death even less. Still, now that he knew who he was dealing with, he had questions. As far as the stories went, Otto enjoyed the favor of Charlemagne, now Roman Emperor. Yet he was here in Rome looking like a beaten dog.

"What aid I could give is limited," Hjalmar spoke slowly. "I commanded the siege, but not the army that has taken the city. If I did, then this place wouldn't be a place of madness."

"I believe you," Otto replied with frank sincerity. "I do not ask that you turn upon your own men or betray your people. I ask that you do what you can for those that pose no threat to you and have done you no wrong."

Hjalmar was already putting a plan together. It wouldn't be popular, but few would really care if they heard about it. All the more so if they secured the prisoners worth ransoming -- the bishops, priests, and pope. That, and so long as everyone felt like they were enriched by the sacking of Rome, they wouldn't care too much about the copper bits that slipped between their fingers.

"... How many?" Hjalmar asked, pretending that he was thinking about it more, but the priest saw right through him. Otto smiled and withdrew the dagger, acting as if the deal was struck. And, somewhat irritatingly, he was right to.

"Does it matter?" Otto asked, and Hjalmar sighed as he stood up.

"I suppose not," he admitted. "We'll get you out of the city. I can't promise you anything more than that."

"It is more than enough," Otto replied. "Might I know your name?"

"Hjalmar," he answered, making Otto's brow furrow. He understood why he was puzzled. "I don't have a father whose blood is worth claiming," he dismissed the topic with a wave of his hand before turning to the assembled others. "Get the priest food and drink. Prepare a hundred men to escort them out of the city -- I don't trust the others not to pounce with anything less."

They nodded and started organizing the escort by dragging in those who were bringing in loot. It wouldn't take long for word to spread as soldiers were no better than fish wives when it came to gossip. To that end, he looked back to Otto, "Where are the lot of you held up?"

He felt like there should be some hesitation in Otto. Some kind of doubt. The man appeared from thin air, held a knife to his throat, and just… believed him when he agreed to help. He wanted to call it foolish but struggled to because… well, he was right and Hjalmar was going to help. That felt like it undercut any argument he could offer when Otto gestured for him to follow him towards a wall…

That promptly swung open when Otto pulled on a candle holder.

"Huh," Hjalmar muttered, looking off in the darkness of the tunnel. "Where does this lead?"

"Almost anywhere in the city," Otto answered. "Many of the churches started as villas, and most possessed secret passageways in the case of an emergency. The vast majority of them are connected to the sewers under Rome. Including its prisons."

"Such as the one you were held in?" He prodded, though Otto shook his head.

"Oh, no. The one I was held in was far more secure," he started before he tilted his head, as if a thought had just occurred to him. "Well, not so secure to stop my escape. I had almost escaped Rome entirely before your army arrived," he informed and, for some reason, Hjalmar felt vaguely guilty.

Still, that confirmed it. "Do I even want to know why you were imprisoned?"

Otto laughed lightly. It was a raspy sound that gave away that he wasn't quite as strong as he pretended to be. "A difference of opinions," was all that he said, seemingly feeling no need to elaborate. Which was fair. Hjalmar didn't have any particular interests in the affairs of Christians.

With that, they descended into the network of tunnels that Otto seemed very familiar with. He had braced himself for a horrid stench when the word sewers was mentioned, but it was no worse than the rest of the city when they descended. Like so much of Rome, the sewers were neglected and seemed outright forgotten. They walked by ancient barricades erected hundreds of years ago, with many of the tunnels having collapsed, while others showed signs of frequent use.

As they walked, Hjalmar kept track of where they were in the city. Or at least kept a best guest. And it was as he did that an idea started to form in the back of his head. However, it was set aside when they moved through a smuggling tunnel.

Even before Hjalmar saw them, he heard them. Noise traveled in the tunnels, and the soft whispers of dozens became the same as speaking normally. They hushed down when the sound of his footsteps and chainmail drew near, with Otto approaching first.

Otto said something in a language that Hjalmar didn't understand, but it sounded vaguely Latin. There was a pause before he spoke again more urgently, causing people to emerge from the tunnels. Hjalmar saw sickly women clutching babies to their chests, or holding the hands of small frightened children. There were young men, the infirm, the old -- dozens of them. Perhaps as many as a hundred or more. They eyed him with barely concealed terror, and the only reason why they weren't attacking or fleeing was because Otto was speaking soothingly to them.

One man near Hjalmar's size with a bushy wild beard that looked like an animal had climbed on his face before promptly dying spoke back to Otto, his tone vaguely challenging. Otto said something back and whatever it was, it did the trick. Then Otto turned to him, "This is all of us."

"Alright then," Hjalmar replied, feeling somewhat put out by the hostile looks he was getting. They were understandable, of course. He would be rather wroth if strangers besieged and then sacked his home as well. But the sight of them got to him more -- they were pitiful. Half starved and they looked like they hadn't even seen the sun in days.

Something that was swiftly confirmed when he saw them step outside after making their way through the winding tunnels. They squinted up at the sky, barely able to see, and deathly pale. By the time they returned, an escort force had been formed. "Give them some supplies. No point in helping them if they die outside our doorstep," Hjalmar reasoned, seizing a few wagons and horses from the siege camp. Everyone was swiftly loaded up, and escorted to one of the gates with little difficulty.

The sacking of Rome was ongoing, but even as allies warred in the streets, the size of their detachment warded off those that were tempted to attack. The people in the wagons flinched at every sound, most weeping at the sight of the violence and what befell their city. Others muttered under their breaths, and he didn't need to speak their language to know what they meant.

"God be with you, Hjalmar," Otto said as they arrived at the gate.

"Didn't do it for a god," Hjalmar replied, looking back at Rome. The blood in the streets and the pillars of smoke rising up. "Just… balancing the scales a little bit. No more than that."

Otto's eyes shone with a compassion that Hjalmar wasn't entirely comfortable with. But then he laughed, "Perhaps it is simply God's plan. Every time I find myself under threat of pagans, they turn out to be quite reasonable people."

Hjalmar snorted, "I don't recall myself doing any threatening." They shared a quick laugh before Hjalmar inclined his head to the strange priest. "Be well, Otto. The lot of you."

"And you, Hjalmar," Otto offered an arm to be clasped, and Hjalmar did with only a beat of hesitation. And with that, the refugees began to depart and Hjalmar watched them go, feeling a bit lighter than he had before.

"Make sure they get a good distance away from Rome," Hjalmar ordered a warrior, thumping him on the shoulder as he turned around to head back into the city. "As for the rest of you… I want you down in those tunnels. Let's see if we have a way behind those villa walls," he said, that weight returning to settle heavily on his shoulders.

That sent the men off, eager for further spoils and the chance to win the real prizes of the sack.

Hjalmar returned to the church, and once his base was established, it let him get in contact with various other leaders within the army now that they knew where to find him. Most, however, didn't. They chose to rampage through the late afternoon and night that followed, with things only starting to settle by the early morning the next day.

Messengers were dispatched across the city to reign in the various bands of mercenaries. Most were drunk, nursing their losses, or fighting out spats on the streets, but by the second afternoon, Hjalmar was able to exert some control over his army again. Even if that grip felt weak because as the commanders assembled, there were immediate accusations of murder and theft being slung around. The mess was so bad that Hjalmar couldn't even find out what their losses were, only that he had been right -- they had lost more men sacking the city than taking it.

But he also learned where there was still resistance inside of the city. A handful of scattered villas belonging to the noble families inside of Rome or rich merchants. The main concentration of resistance was in a church district around where the Pope lived and did whatever a pope did -- ritual sacrifices, communion with his God, and whatever other priestly duties.

It wasn't quite a citadel, but the walls around the district made it something of a city within a city. Numbers were hard to grasp, but even if half of the warriors had withdrawn to that district, then they had more than enough strength to make attacking painful.

And as much time was wasted getting the army back in order, it did let him summon the commanders with a plan.

"My men have found a way into the priest district," he informed a handful of men. Barely a third of the leaders that he had previously commanded. Half couldn't be found and the other half were dragging their feet, too busy looting and pillaging to take orders. But that mattered little. By his own account, he had around ten thousand men, and that was enough to enact his plan.

Let the others realize what they missed out on after they heard the tales of the spoils. Maybe that would be enough to make them think twice about abandoning all sense of discipline the moment the chance of wealth entered their field of view.

The commanders that were in attendance immediately straightened in the church pews they sat in. They understood the worth of such a prize, and Hjalmar was under no delusions that was why they were willing to listen to him -- they wanted in that district, and he had the largest faction of men within what had been a unified army.

"It's more or less the same plan as before -- we have men slip through the tunnels while a force attacks the walls. However, we have to assume that the Christians will have wisened up, and that they will post guards around the known entrances into the sewers. Rather than a feint at the walls, it will be a concentrated attack while we push through the sewers." He began, earning a few nods. "It's going to be a fight, but it's one that we can win. But, to do it… all of the loot taken needs to be moved here-"

Hjalmar raised a hand to forestall the immediate protest and continued in a louder voice, "It will reduce the rear guard needed to ensure we aren't attacked in our rear by our allies. I know none of you want to come back to your strongholds to find them empty and the men left there dead. Instead, we gather all of it in one place that has been fortified, and we leave a rear guard of two hundred men to guard it all. When the day is won, all will be returned to its… heh, rightful owners."

He hadn't realized how absurd of a sentence that was until he was halfway through it, and the jest was enough to solicit a few laughs and chuckles. There was some resistance to the idea, but it melted away when none could offer a better alternative. Their resistance relented, and another half day was lost just moving the loot to the church that served as their stronghold.

It was near dusk by the time that they were finally ready to commence the attack, and Hjalmar almost called it off until the morning. Just so that the men would be rested and maybe by then, the other half of the army would settle down. But, as the sun started to fall, he gave the order to attack simply because he didn't want to give the Christians any more time to gather their own strength or realize just how divided they were.

A horn blew through the air, and his men began running forward with ladders and rams. The Christians on the walls, which were not so impressive compared to the city walls, still had an advantage in height. They shot down with their crossbows, used spears and pitchforks to push the ladders back, all the while they threw burning pitch on top of a ram pushing its way towards the gate of the district.

The wall marked the difference between him and the Allvaldr. If the Allvaldr was here, then the wall wouldn't even be fit to be called an obstacle. It would have fallen by the time that he reached the top of a ladder. But, for him, the wall was a sturdy barricade that showed no signs of falling even as men reached the top of the walls and started pushing themselves on top of them.

The assault was aided by the archers he placed on the tops of buildings near the walls, which gave them a height advantage. That advantage was lessened by the Christians placing archers atop nearby churches. They traded arrows and roof tiles if they could, turning the battlefield into a place of absolute chaos. The one uncontested advantage that they did have was that the walls around the district weren't just shorter, they also weren't as wide, which allowed fewer men to fight upon them.

It didn't take too long for them to secure a foothold on the walls, and from there, his ironclads moved in to make sure they kept that foothold. A give and take appeared on the walls where both sides were trying to push the other back, but the Christians had an easier time of it. As the sun disappeared beneath the horizon an hour later, it was then that Hjalmar heard the signal that he had been waiting for.

The shift in the battle didn't happen immediately. It was gradual, but noticeable -- men found their way through whatever barricades or guards were placed around the sewers and emerged in the district itself. They were one part a flanking force and one part a disruption force. The men who poured into the district attacked the gates from behind in bands of a hundred men, and others went to the churches.

The priests inside weren't cut from the same cloth as Otto was; otherwise, they would do more than hide and pray. When Norsemen started battering at their doors, killing their guardsmen, some of them panicked. They issued orders that had the effect that Hjalmar wanted -- they thought the battle for the walls lost, and wanted their army to come back and protect them.

As a result, the resistance on the walls started to vanish like dew under the sun. The flanked warriors were overwhelmed, either surrendering or fighting to the last. Once the resistance broke on the walls, the battle was won, and it was just a case of chasing them down.

The fleeing Christians left an obvious trail to the important priests and the pope. They fled en masse to a central church that looked more important than others. Bigger. Grander. A lot of statues and engravings -- most of it was lost on Hjalmar. The buildings themselves interested him little, far less so than what was inside the buildings.

He barked orders at the men, refusing to let the chaos of before overwhelm the district.

"Leave a rearguard! Five hundred men! I don't want those layabouts getting their hands on what we bleed for!" Hjalmar shouted out, much to the agreement of the men, who started to guard the district while others began to besiege the churches. Heavy axes were taken to the doors, men hacking away at them while others went to the stained glass windows to start knocking them out to find a way inside.

The assault was a formality by that point. The doors gave way, and the warriors inside attempted to push back the flood of Norsemen that poured in -- there was no other way to describe what came next other than a slaughter. The Christians fought desperately, and like a cornered rat, they fought ferociously. It just wasn't enough. His men were better armed, armored, and more experienced.

With steady progress, they took the church and all those within it. By the time he entered it himself, the air carried the heavy scent of blood and shit along with the scent of incense. He walked along the pews under the ornate halls of the church, his gaze drifting to the painted walls, the vast riches on open display… There was more wealth in this single room than he had ever seen in the entirety of his life. And that was saying something.

The prisoners were gathered up near the altar under the watchful eyes of their god. There were a lot of them. Most of them were ornately dressed, marking them as at least nobility or important priests. They would ransom enough to match what the Allvaldr had taken with him when he sacked the cities in Hispania, Hjalmar reckoned. However, there was one prisoner in particular who had his full attention.

The man flinched at his approach. He was a graybeard, though his cheeks were shaven, revealing a face full of wrinkles and bushy white eyebrows. He managed a feeble protest in what was probably Latin when Hjalmar plucked a hat from his brow. It was tall, richly embroidered, with a thin crown embedded into the cloth.

"And you must be the Pope," Hjalmar reasoned, holding the crowned hat aloft. He gave it a look over, a frown tugging at his lips as the various priests hissed and cursed him for handling it, smudging the white cloth with blood.

The reaction they gave when he placed the strange hat on top of his head wasn't too far off from killing a man's firstborn child before his very eyes, but Hjalmar paid them no mind and instead looked to his men.

"Send word to King Hoffer. Rome has fallen."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 574 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Fate of Kingdoms New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jan 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,176
"You have done well, Hjalmar! Gods above, you have made my wildest dreams possible!" King Hoffer praised him a week later, clasping his shoulders with a smile that threatened to consume his face. "I'll see you rewarded for this, though I struggle to imagine what I could give that you have not already received!"

King Hoffer was in a good mood, throwing back his head and laughing at his own jest. But, honestly, it wasn't much of a jest.

In the days since they had seized the city in its entirety, Hjalmar had had his men picking the place clean of every scrap of wealth to be found. Wine, spices, and trade goods were plentiful, but they paled in comparison to the mind-boggling amounts of gold, silver, and gemstones they found in the numerous churches. Hjalmar was determined to see not one stone left unturned, and for it, the church that had served as their initial stronghold proved too small to house the wealth they had taken.

Hjalmar's personal favorite piece was a golden cross the same size as him.

Some of the treasures had been a bit disappointing for how closely they were guarded. A splinter from the cross that their god had died on was a bit disappointing, all the more so because Hjalmar was all but certain that it was just some random shard of wood. But, he consoled himself with the knowledge that he could probably sell it to some hapless Christian down the line. Along with the bones of various saints that had found themselves in his possession.

A heap of nonsense, the lot of it. Unless of course some of the saints in question had a few extra body parts to speak of, like an extra arm or a second head. It was a point of inspiration, really -- he had made his name as the man who took Rome. He could spend the rest of his life selling random bones and claiming that he took them from Rome's vaults.

"Your victory comes at a fortunate time as well," King Hoffer continued. "Charlemagne has mustered his men. He has marched through the Alps with twenty-five thousand men."

Oh. That was worrying.

"If he is half the warrior king that the Allvaldr makes him out to be, then I shall be glad to have Roman walls between us," Hjalmar remarked. Twenty-five thousand men was a large army. A very large army. The Allvaldr had conquered Scandinavia with less, and unlike their enemies then that outnumbered them several times over, these were not boys and old men or even women.

"You would not take to the field against him?" King Hoffer asked sharply. Sharply enough that it opened a pit of concern in his guts, because it sure sounded like King Hoffer had been planning to to fight Charlemagne on the field.

"We outnumber him," Hjalmar began slowly, keenly aware of how his voice echoed in the stripped church that they met in. The same church they had found the pope in. "But I fear that we are outmatched. The men- they lack discipline. They fell on this city like a mob and for every one man we lost taking Rome, we lost five to their fighting over spoils. Our young blood listens better than most, but that doesn't mean they listen well."

He had roughly five thousand men under his command. That number had swelled to eight thousand as hot blooded Norsemen abandoned their companies to join him. Though he expected that number to decrease as he put them through drills to try to instill some basic sense into them.

"Charlemagne's is an army of veterans. The man has been at war every year of his life and with Rome threatened, he would only bring his best." He could afford nothing less. Rome falling was a stain that would never quite wash away, but should a personal defeat follow? The dream of a lasting reunification would be just that -- a dream.

"You do not trust our mercenaries, then?" King Hoffer questioned, taking a step back and appearing thoughtful. And it truly was a turn in his life that he was offering advice to kings.

"I trust them to run as soon as the battle starts if they don't accept a bribe to turn on us on the field," Hjalmar answered easily.

"I hear you," King Hoffer answered, and from the sound of it Hjalmar was just voicing concerns he had already been holding. "But to be bogged down in a siege is the last thing we need. We need to defeat him. A defeat here and now would have him never setting foot past the Alps again. He won't be able to afford to."

Rebellion. The years that he spent in the Mediterranean proved to him one thing -- men loved winners. They loved being on the winning side. And no one in this realm would turn on you faster if you ever dared to lose. Defeat was blood in the water that summoned sea monsters to gorge when you were at your weakest.

Forget a unified Rome. Charlemagne would be lucky to remain a king.

Fifty thousand against twenty-five. They outnumbered him two to one, but his own experience told him how little that advantage truly meant in the face of a seasoned and motivated force. And Hjalmar imagined they would be rather motivated given they had raided one of their holy places and took their most powerful priest hostage.

He felt it in his guts.

They wouldn't win.

"What do you plan, King Hoffer?" He asked, withholding judgment because King Hoffer was no fool. He would understand the risks and weigh them against the rewards. The response he received was a clap on the shoulder as King Hoffer made to leave.

"I have a few plans in the works. Just have a little faith," he urged with a smile.

Ah.

Yeah, they were definitely going to lose.

And Hjalmar began to plan accordingly.


…
​

The following weeks were a flurry of activity. The first order of business was to ferry all of the treasures taken to Sardinia, and even after seizing every fishing and merchant vessel they could find along the coast, it was a constant effort that all but built a bridge of ships to the island. Meanwhile, recall orders went out to the many roaming bands, ordering them to return to Rome and prepare for the fight to come.

They came in a trickle at first, the ill disciplined mercenaries content to gorge themselves on the unprotected countryside. At least until Charlemagne sent forth scouting parties that resoundedly chased them off. By that point, the army started to regain its full might and it was around that time that Hjalmar started to realize his change in fortune.

Before, as a veteran of the conquest and an Ironclad, he had enjoyed a great deal of respect. As the Allvaldr had said, people looked to him for guidance naturally because he had proven himself in war and hundreds to thousands already looked to him and called him their leader. But, as their fragmented army reunited, Hjalmar found that his popularity had reached heights he couldn't have imagined.

He wasn't just an Ironclad and one of the Allvaldr's chosen leaders anymore. He was the man who saw Rome fall and its wealth plundered. And that made him a very influential man. A very wealthy man. Something that Hjalmar quietly worked to his advantage in the long days leading up to Charlemagne's arrival. A flurry of messages were exchanged between the two kings during Charlemagne's march, though the contents weren't shared with him.

But, to summarize, Charlemagne wanted them out of Rome, out of Italia, and to release any and all prisoners taken. King Hoffer, meanwhile, wanted Charlemagne to relinquish all claims of everything south of the Alps, to pay extortionate ransoms for the holy people, and for his formal acknowledgment of the claims by right of conquest to the territories that Hoffer had seized thus far.

It was a delaying tactic, letting both sides gather their strength. King Hoffer's numbers swelled once more back to near their original strength. Meanwhile, Charlemagne found a battlefield that he liked and had planted his army there, before delivering a final message. 'Let God decide the victor.'

After the fall of Rome the men's morale couldn't be higher, and they were eager to march out against the Roman Emperor. With a call to march by King Hoffer, Hjalmar and some forty-five thousand others left the Eternal City behind and moved to face Charlemagne on his chosen field. Hjalmar couldn't claim that he felt the same eagerness as the men surrounding him, but the sheer confidence that everyone marched with was almost infectious.

Almost.

Hjalmar kept his doubts to himself as they marched to the battlefield that was some two days away. And what he saw when he arrived made him glad of it.

Charlemagne had chosen his battlefield well, and he hadn't sat idle during the days it took for them to arrive. The battlefield was a flatland that was flanked on one side by a river that had been partly diverted to fill a trench before the army itself was arranged. There were bridges built into the trench which would allow them to attack with greater ease, but in doing so, eliminate all thought of a formation. The displaced dirt seemed to be placed behind the Roman army, allowing their archers a vantage point to shoot down from.

Even with just a quick glance, Hjalmar didn't at all care for the sight. It was a well-prepared battleground, and one well suited to nullifying whatever advantages their greater numbers offered. All the more so when he saw the men who made up the infantry.

They weren't peasant levies, unsurprisingly. While they weren't Ironclads, Hjalmar saw that each man was outfitted with a long hauberk of chainmail and a cuirass clasped around their torso. They were equipped uniformly, all possessing similar gear, while the leaders of whatever link in the chain of command were marked by a stylized helm with colored plumage.

He searched their faces from across the field, and what he saw was hate. They had a surplus of reasons for it. The sacking of Rome would sting, Hjalmar imagined. Just as the butchery at Verdun had for men of his faith. And even if that had failed to rouse their hearts, then they still would have walked past miles upon miles of that same kind of butchery dealt to their people at the hands of King Hoffer. Villages emptied and burned, towns brutally sacked, and an endless stream of refugees begging at the side of the road.

They didn't seem bothered by the odds stacked against them. If the odds were stacked against them at all.

"Charlemagne hasn't been idle," Ulfar remarked to him as they formed up the right wing of the army, and he felt exposed as a result. He'd much rather be on the left that had its flank guarded by the river. Instead, he had to put his hopes that the mercenary cavalry on his flank wouldn't buckle. "He's been preparing to fight the Allvaldr."

"Aye," Hjalmar voiced, swallowing his nerves as the truth of the matter started to dawn on him. Across the field was the army that Charlemagne intended to face the Allvaldr with. It might not be ready yet. But, he knew the core of it would be an unyielding steel. "That's what I'm afraid of."

Their army formed up across the Romans.

Hjalmar stood at the head of the right flank, eight thousand men under his supposed command. Most of which were his fellow Norsemen, in large part because of his fame and because they spoke the same language. King Hoffer chose the center, leading fifteen thousand men. The left was led by a man whom Hjalmar did not know particularly well, but he was also entrusted with eight thousand men.

Arranged before them were some five thousand ranged troops -- archers, slingers, and crossbow men.

The remaining twelve thousand were cavalry, split between light and heavy, all of which were on Hjalmar's flank. There were eight thousand light cavalry to act as advanced skirmishers with javelins and bows. The remaining four thousand were heavy cavalry, the cataphracts. It seemed dangerous to concentrate the cavalry on one wing, but with the river on one flank, Hjalmar supposed that it made sense. But what made him feel so uneasy was the fact that the fortifications Charlemagne had built hid his own cavalry.

The scouts and spies claimed that Charlemagne had around twenty-five thousand men. But the composition of his army remained a mystery. Unless half of his army was cavalry they should have the advantage in numbers, but there was a big difference between five thousand heavy horsemen and ten thousand. Especially when all of it would be concentrated on a single flank.

It was high noon by the time that the army was fully assembled across the field, and when the horn bellowed, signaling the beginning of the battle.

Hjalmar watched as the light horsemen rode ahead first, almost charging the Roman line, before pulling back at the last second. And, as they did so, they unleashed a hail of javelins into the Roman formation. Meanwhile, the horse archers unleashed a volley of arrows, targeting the deeper ranks. The Romans weathered the rain of missiles, all the while their own archers unleashed a volley from the safety of behind the frontline.

The missiles exchanged in such volume that arrows struck arrows in the air, making both fall harmlessly to the ground. Their loss was negligible as two seemed to replace every arrow that missed its mark. Yet, the exchange was brief with the light cavalry reversing their charge and regrouping. Leaving behind a handful of fallen men, their horses shot out from underneath them, and some who had ventured too close to the moat and fell in.

As they retreated, Hjalmar saw that the Roman formation had lifted their shields overhead to cover the men in front of them, trusting the men behind them to do the same. The result was a wall of shields that was dotted with javelins and arrows, but was otherwise undaunted by the rain of death.

The cavalry went for a second charge, and as they did, the five thousand missile troops began to march forward, coming to a stop roughly halfway on the battlefield before they began to add to the rain of arrows released in the direction of the Romans. When the light cavalry pulled back, once again it revealed that the Romans had endured it without reaction, yet more light horsemen lay fallen on the field, a scant few compared to their thousands.

By the time of the third charge, the slingers got close enough to unleash their stones, and because of it, the light cavalry was restricted. It was part of the plan, Hjalmar knew, and the light cavalry started to go wide, attempting to go around the fortifications.

And then something happened.

Hjalmar wasn't sure what at first, but it was obvious on the field as the light cavalry suddenly recoiled. They yanked back their reins, coming to a skidding halt, and those who failed to react in time found themselves slamming into the backs of others. The air became thick with the sound of horses crying out in pain and fear, joining the men who did the same. His initial thought was that the Romans had countercharged, but he saw no sign of it when the light cavalry started to pull back.

"Ditches!" Someone shouted, relaying the message to whoever needed to hear it. "The Romans dug ditches on their flank!"

That'd do it. More so than Hjalmar thought, as he hadn't realized how bad it was until the horsemen cleared the field, revealing a wall of horseflesh and corpses that had filled the ditch and served as a barricade for those who had thoughtlessly followed. Even at a quick glance, Hjalmar thought that at least a few hundred had perished in the charge. Likely more.

Enough, evidently, that many of the light cavalry were refusing to take to the field again.

The pit of unease grew in Hjalmar's stomach, thinking that it would be better to call it there for the day. Let the light cavalry regroup and consolidate, lick their wounds, and find their will to fight again. King Hoffer, evidently, disagreed as the order soon came to march. Hjalmar obeyed the order, regardless of his misgivings, and the vanguard marched across the field.

Arrows from the Romans fell like rain, but his constant drilling of the men under his command saved them from the worst of it. Shields were raised in a similar formation to the Romans, letting the arrows slam harmlessly into the shields overhead, while they closed the gap between them. The men entered the ditch, wading through the mud, and the Romans revealed their advantage by jabbing down at them with spears.

The natural walkways were contested, the Romans allowing just enough space to draw them in, but they remained a veritable wall and contested any attempt to dig a foothold against their formation. War cries and the sound of steel against steel rang out as King Hoffer was determined to use the sheer weight of their numbers against the Romans to push them out of their fortifications.

It was working.

The ditches were overcome, though not without difficulty. The spearheads hacked apart, or were used to pull men down to them. Every body that fell served as a stable footing and reduced the depth of the ditch, and once the initial line of men faltered, it allowed those behind to cross the ditch with greater ease. Meanwhile, Hjalmar used his men as a screen to hide the four thousand heavy cavalry. They crossed the additional ditches, going wide to outflank the Romans.

It was then that Hjalmar expected to be greeted by a cavalry charge, yet it didn't come. The Roman fortifications rounded the flank, serving as a barrier, but not one that couldn't be overcome. And it was being overcome. The men hacked and slashed, pushing back the Romans, determined to chase them from the field…

And that's when the cavalry charged.

"The left!" Ulfar shouted, drawing Hjalmar's attention from the battlefield before him. He followed Ulfar's point, and over the thousands of heads that separated him and the left wing, he saw them.

The Roman cavalry.

"They mean to charge through the river?" He asked, clenching his jaw. He felt like he was in the mouth of a trap, but he didn't know how or what kind. From his count, thousands of heavy horsemen were charging the left flank, seemingly appearing from thin air, and were undaunted by the thought of the river.

The reason why was soon obvious as their horses seemed to gallop across the water as if it were solid ground. His first thought was some kind of magic, his heart lurching to his throat. But, even as the first line of Roman cavalry slammed into their left flank, he realized that it was something far more mundane. The Romans had prepared the battlefield for days in advance.

The diverted river. It was used to divert any overflow because of what the Romans laid in secret beneath the water. A bridge. Likely dirt so that the waters would not be as deep as they should be, but possibly wooden planks for more stable footing. Hjalmar supposed that it didn't really matter.

Not when the left flank, completely unprepared for a charge, buckled like parchment. The Roman horsemen carved deep lines in the formation, eight thousand men offering barely any resistance, it seemed. The charge was also a Roman signal because the infantry, who had so far stoically weathered their charge, suddenly pushed forward.

That push was spearheaded at key points. And, from his vantage on horseback, he saw one of them.

It was a man in a full set of armor, his face obscured by his helm, but his cloak was a pure white, and in his hands were a longsword and a shield. He swung his blade once, cleaving through a man and his shield both before killing two more men with the backswing, taking a step forward and cutting another man in half from an overhead swing straight down. All three swings happened in the span of a blink of an eye, and Hjalmar's heart suddenly wasn't just in his throat, but fighting to jump out.

"A Paladin," Hjalmar breathed, knowing of the order of warriors sworn to Charlemagne. He didn't know the name of the warrior that cleaved through men like a farmer did wheat, but there was no mistaking what the man was. Gods, he almost felt bad for everyone they faced during the Conquest. Seeing that sight and facing it as an enemy was terrifying beyond words.

The Romans immediately gained ground, the Paladins cutting through all resistance like a knife through butter. The confidence in their army faltered, and Hjalmar could feel the morale plummeting as those in the line realized that they were losing, and didn't know why.

If it were the army they fought with during the Conquest, they could have pulled the situation around. It would be possible to rally their flagging morale, blunt the Roman countercharge, and deliver one of their own with their light and heavy cavalry. But, this wasn't that army. It was comprised of mercenaries, half of whom didn't share a language, and the confidence that previously filled them had left them completely unprepared for such a deadly blow.

King Hoffer was attempting to rally the army regardless, riding back and forth to the men who were starting to melt away from the pressure. As Hjalmar watched him, he felt…

He wasn't anyone special. Just a poor boy from a poor family who had managed to attach himself to the right people and rise higher than he ever dreamed. And now, in this moment, Hjalmar almost laughed at the sheer absurdity of the fact that it was he who stood at a crossroad of destiny that would decide the fate of kingdoms and empires.

At one fork in the road laid a path that would see the Roman Empire fall. If he committed himself to the battle, threw himself into that human meatgrinder, maybe King Hoffer would be able to salvage the battle. Maybe it would buy enough time for their heavy cavalry to deliver a counter-charge. Maybe it would be enough to rally the men, and once the Romans were out of position, they could overwhelm them and win the day.

Maybe.

At the other fork laid the destruction of King Hoffer's kingdom. He could take his men, the eight thousand infantry and command the four thousand heavy cavalry, to withdraw from the field. He would preserve their lives, and in doing so, he would set in motion a series of events that would all but certainly herald the end of the kingdom. If not today, then years, if not decades from now.

Because, with this defeat, the illusion of unchecked raiding and reeving would be shattered. The men would start asking themselves, 'Is staying worth the risk?' and most would decide that… no, it wasn't. Hjalmar expected that of the twelve thousand men that would fall under his command, most would decide to return with him and Ulfar.

And that would be a fatal crack in King Hoffer's foundation. Not the death of his kingdom outright. Hjalmar suspected that the king would remain a persistent thorn in the side of the Romans, but he knew with certainty that King Hoffer would never muster the kind of force that he had managed to field today.

Hjalmar felt like he saw the entire battlefield in that moment that seemed to drag on, his mind racing and turning over the question of what he should do. What he wanted to do.

"Sound the retreat."

Maybe if he wanted to stay in the Mediterranean, he might have done something different. Maybe if he was a different man, the kind of man who cared about the destiny of kingdoms or empires, he might have stayed. But he didn't, and he wasn't.

The Allvaldr had given him a task -- train up some men, bring them home for the Great Raid on Britannia. And quitting the field right now was the best possible thing he could do to accomplish that goal.

Ulfar breathed in sharply, and for a moment, Hjalmar expected him to disagree. Instead, he offered a sharp nod. "Aye, that's the right call. King Hoffer will disagree," he warned, and Hjalmar laughed without mirth.

"Then it's a good thing that we aren't staying."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, mohsin, Andell and 568 others
Ideas-Guy
Jan 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Tide of Change New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 4, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,222
"He did what?" I stressed, feeling earnestly caught off guard for the first time in years and earning a nervous look from the messenger that delivered the news months too late to do anything about it.

"King Hoffer has taken the Christian priests hostage and refuses ransoms. He… has executed a dozen priests as a warning and… boiled a bishop alive when the warnings were not heeded," the messenger repeated himself, thinking that it had been an honest question. "I… it is likely that further warnings were not heeded, so it is possible… that there were more executions."

I had been alarmed when I'd heard that Hoffer had broken from a carefully crafted plan to attack Rome, but not entirely displeased. Hoffer merely sought what was in the best interest of his kingdom, and if things had worked, then those interests would be mine as well. The sack of Rome was a black eye to the resurgent Roman Empire, and with the right pressures, that could have been enough.

Hadi was in Hispania, contesting the Roman lands and the fleet that Charlemagne had amassed to retake the Mediterranean had been severely damaged. Bribing and manipulating a handful of powerful and discontent vassals would have further divided his focus. The smoldering sparks of a widespread rebellion were there, they just needed tinder and room to breath.

Instead, they had been snuffed out entirely.

Hoffer had been too ambitious. Too greedy. In the same breath that people spoke of the sack of Rome, they would speak of Charlemagne's victory over the long odds. The sack was humiliating, certainly, but the sting was taken out of the news by the fact the 'pagan barbarians' were defeated by the grace of God, the city reclaimed, with Hoffer rapidly losing all the territory he had gained over his years in lower Italia. Worse, him breaking against the plan had delivered a setback to the Abbasids.

Irene had taken Antioch and the territories around it, along with the island of Cyprus. They were small territorial gains, but important ones. Cyprus was a natural launching point for fleets, extending the Roman reach across the Levant, while Antioch was a natural fortification with which to defend Anatolia.

The loss of territory in Italia would allow another point of connection between the two empires that had stuffed themselves into the same cloak. A victory that would further solidify the idea that they were truly one empire again. It was a concern, but the greatest concern was how Charlemagne was reacting to the capture of the Pope and the execution of priests.

Hoffer's decision to use them as hostages was a prudent move, and I would have shared his belief that it would have stopped the now Roman Emperor in his tracks. Yet, it hadn't.

And that was concerning.

The messenger eyed me with fear at my long silence, as I sat considering the news and what it meant for my empire. "You have traveled far to deliver this news. Be at peace, and rest," I said, dismissing the man, who barely hid his relief with a bow of his head before being escorted off by a servant. Leaving me to sit heavily upon my throne, a foot tapping impatiently as I reevaluated some of my plans.

It had been five years since the Conquest ended and I became Allvaldr. Nine years since I became King of Denmark. Years that I had hardly spent idle.

A grand fleet had been constructed to facilitate the Great Raid on Britannia. Five hundred ships to ferry thirty thousand men to the island off the coast of what was now Rome. The largest army that I would have ever commanded which would be comprised of my veterans and warriors from across my kingdoms. Already, there were competitions and hefty bribes being paid under the table for warriors to earn a place on one of my new breed of longships.

The Great Raid needed to happen, and it needed to be a success. My treasury was depleting fast with my rate of spending, and in another five years it would be practically empty. All of the ground work had been prepared for the Great Raid. I had my spies and scouts enter the petty kingdoms under the guise of Hollander traders.

They brought me word of the fortifications being built, and the rapid conquest of the southern half of Britannia under the rule of King Ecbert. They told me how Mercia and Northumbria had entered into an alliance to counter Ecbert's unchecked aggression, forcing him to stall further conquests. They told me of the Gaelic and Pictish tribes that squabbled over the northern highlands. They told me of the divided Éire filled with equally squabbling chieftains, half of whom were related and hated each other all the more for it.

They brought me word of those amenable to my future conquest. And those who would need to be removed. The grounds had been scouted for possible battlefields, the temperament of the spirits of the land judged by how much it rained or the fertility of the soil. Maps were drawn to grant an idea of the distance between towns, their fortifications detailed, as well as their estimated defenders or how large an army they could field.

All of the groundwork was done, and now it was time to give the order to set sail, and I found myself… uncertain.

"The kingdom in the Mediterranean was always unstable," Morrigan offered her advice from behind the throne. Astrid, I knew, would be interrogating the warriors that came with the messenger. Warriors that were sent by Hjalmar and Ulfar. "Astrid's demands to reinforce it are motivated by love rather than any logic."

The demands hadn't arrived yet, but they would. We both knew Astrid, and she would understand what the defeat at Rome would mean for her brother. A slow but steady decline, perhaps one that could be reversed, but doing so would require investment.

Such as the fifteen thousand warriors that Hjalmar was returning with. Astrid would demand that they return to the Mediterranean, or want the army mustered for the raid to be directed towards helping her brother. Or use diplomacy with Bulgaria or the Abbasids to support him. And they were all valid decisions to make.

Hoffer and his kingdom were a dagger pressed against the belly of the Romans. The power of the Romans of old, how they maintained such a vast empire, had been their domination of the Mediterranean sea. So long as Hoffer controlled the majority of the islands, they would never have that same control. What's more, the Romans could never rest easy as whenever the time for war came, they would have an enemy poised at their flanks.

It was in my interest to support Hoffer. And I imagine that should I abandon him completely, it would sour any future relations.

It was just that the damnable timing couldn't be worse.

"I'm more concerned about Charlemagne," I admitted, my lips thinning. "I've heard nothing that would explain this behavior from him. Perhaps he intends to rescue the Pope?" He had the means to. His Paladins were a powerful force, and as long as they could get to the Christian priests, I imagined they could escape with them.

"And if he doesn't?" Morrigan prompted, letting me sound out my thoughts, and that was a question that coiled my guts.

Charlemagne was a zealot of the Christian faith. If he had the means, he would make everyone in the world a Christian and murder anyone who refused his faith down to the last man, woman, and child. He would do so without hesitation. Which made this apparent break with the Church alarming, because while it could mean a number of things, above all else it meant that I couldn't predict his next move.

I understood Charlemagne. I understood his ambitions and motivations. That allowed me to anticipate his movements to a degree, and that was a great comfort to me. A comfort I didn't appreciate until it had been ripped from me.

"Then it means that he may intend to subjugate the Church in his lands," I started, looking across my throne room at the now shut doors. "Sieze their lands, undercut their influence in worldly affairs, and make them answerable to the Roman crown."

It was possible, but even as I said the words it felt unlikely. It fit his pattern for centralizing power around himself, yet it completely went against his lifelong support of the Church.

Or did it?

I had learned of both the eastern and western branches of Christianity during my time in Francia and Rome, and their differences ran deeper than the issue of icons. From the sound of it, there was a significant portion of Francia's high priests in Rome for some reason. Their removal would destabilize the Church enough to make things… amenable to future mending of the east and west practices. Yet, that felt a bit off for Charlemagne.

Maybe it was only partly true? A side benefit to another goal that was his true aim? Which would be… what?

My lips thinned further, "It is a rallying cry."

"For who?" Morrigan asked before she clicked her tongue. "How foolish of me. T'is obvious. The Christians."

It would track with Charlemagne's prior actions. He used my emergent empire as the push against his vassals to speed up the restoration of the Roman Empire. Now, he could ignite a wave of religious fervor. The attack on Rome could serve that goal, but the execution of religious officials? The Pope? All at the hands of pagans? Across the resurgent empire, there would be calls for blood against non-Christians.

I felt a headache forming, "This couldn't have come at a worse time," I muttered as the implications sank in. That explosion of Christian fervor could present itself in a number of ways. The Jews and Muslims in the Roman Empire would undoubtedly face a widespread and intense purge. But, just like after the massacre at Verdun, there would be an outpouring of support for action against the perpetrator.

That action could be focused on Hoffer and his kingdom, and in that case, any support offered would be for nothing.

Or that outrage could be pointed at a broader enemy. At pagans in general. And there so happened to be a pagan empire on their northern border.

"The Great Raid will certainly inflame tensions," Morrigan mused, following my training of thought without the need of words. "T'is not enough that we sacked the beating heart of Christianity, now the poor Christians of Britannia find themselves under assault. We are all around them, stalking them like a pack of wolves, and picking off the sheep that stray from the herd."

She summarized my thoughts quite well. Any action before this storm blew over would only inflame that religious outcry. Which Charlemagne and Irene were well situated to use as mortar to bind the Roman Empire together. Thus, any action that I took would play into their hands.

Yet, I couldn't afford to call off the Great Raid. Politically or financially. The Great Raid was how I would finish the dozens of large scale projects that were necessary for the unity of my empire. If I called it off for the years it would take for the Christian outcry to fade, then my treasury would be empty and it would be a stain on my reputation. Neither of which I could afford.

"Perhaps the Great Raid should become a conquest?" I questioned, feeling uneasy with the idea. I had a plan in place, and I was reluctant to deviate from it.

The Great Raid was the method that I intended to weaken Britannia. We would harvest their wealth like a sea of locusts, taking all of value and destabilizing the islands. All except for a chosen few that we would leave almost untouched. Some would be allies in the future conquest, while others would be enemies that would need to be vanquished so those on the islands never sat too easily. Then, in five or ten years time, just when the islands recovered from the raid, we would return and conquer them.

Changing the plan so significantly in the final hour worried me. All the more so because I was keenly aware of Charlemagne's spies who had told their master enough that he'd undoubtedly deduced my intentions and planned accordingly. Without the Great Raid, the islands wouldn't be weakened, requiring larger investment in their security. And the anger of the conquest would be inflamed by the robbery of their wealth, which would have happened at the same time.

No. No, that wouldn't work. At least not how I would want it to. Meaning that…

"That bastard," I sighed, realizing that I had been outplayed by Charlemagne. Hoffer serving his own ambitions had been used against me. It was regrettable, but diverting from my plans would cost me more than following Charlemagne's.

"It would be best if we dragged this out," Morrigan advised from behind the throne. "It would give us time to turn this trap against him. Perhaps they shall elect a new pope? T'would be a most troubling conflict should the previous pope be released and returned to Rome afterwards." How devious. "Their faith is a strength, but it is a fragile one. Drag out their outrage and spread its course so we will not be its lone target. The more we can fracture the foundation of their faith, the better off we shall be."

Then I felt Morrigan shift, leaning down to whisper in my ear. "Such as sending the followers of Norse Christianity to their lands to spread the good word of the Prophet Siegfried."

"Ugh," I couldn't stop my immediate reaction to the idea. Something that earned a warm chuckle from Morrigan. The… problem of Norse Christianity had been one that had been left to simmer. I was hesitant to denounce some of my most ardent supporters, but I offered them no support either. They were left in peace, for the most part, and I was content to let the offshoot of Christianity strive or falter without my involvement. Yet, I couldn't deny that the idea had merit.

It would confuse the Christian outrage. Fracture the unified denouement and likely see Romans turn their blades inward to purge themselves of this 'corruption.' Yet, as Christianity itself had proven, few things made a faith spread faster than oppression. Especially a faith backed by gold.

"Think not as a man," Morrigan immediately scolded me. "But as the Allvaldr."

No matter how distasteful I found it, she was right. It was a means to weaken my enemy and to take back the initiative.

I gave the nod and Morrigan hummed, pleased with the decision before she emerged from behind the throne and my eyes immediately drifted towards her swollen stomach, heavy with our third child. She had resisted the call to have another child until Ranni was born, and then she had all but demanded another. She was due any day now, but there was a part of me that ached at the possibility of not being here.

"You have other concerns," Morrigan scolded, a hand resting on her stomach as she flicked my ear with the other. "Now is not the time to be a father either. Too much is at stake for that. This raid will set the tone for the empire going forward. We have built roads. We standardized coins and weights and trade. But all of it will be meaningless unless we prove to them all that we are a force greater together than we are divided."

Morrigan had the right of it, I couldn't deny. So, with purpose, I stood up and placed a hand over hers. "The raid will go well," I assured her, willing it to be so.

"Then prove it."


…
​

The preparations for the Great Raid continued as planned. My fleet was amassed in the harbor of Miklagard. Five hundred of the new longships, ready to be filled with warriors and plunder. Hjalmar and Ulfar would already be returning with spoils from Rome, but they would have a chance to further enrich themselves in the raid. I had accounted for the wealth the young hot bloods would return with, though I hadn't expected for their treasures to be so vast.

They were on their way to Britannia, and we would unite there. In the meantime, thirty thousand warriors found themselves in my capital, along with many of their families.

My capital had come a very long way over the course of nearly ten years. As I walked the halls of my palace, I could see the monuments that loomed over the thriving city. The Colosseum had finished, featured prominently in a new district of the capital. One day, it would be joined by a Hippodrome, but the next Great Work was a temple dedicated to the gods. One that would be the Hagia Sophia's equal in another three years. Every street and back alley of my capital had been exhaustingly perfected, and now the spaces between the monuments were rapidly filling.


Miklagard
​

Happiness: 93%
Quality of Life: 8.5/10
Population: 177,742
Population Growth: +12.5% increase per year
Wealth: 135,211
Security: 85% per pop
Education: 45% per pop
Religion: 94% Norse Paganism, 2% Norse Christianity, 4% Judaism

My capital's population had nearly doubled in the past five years, and we were expanding as fast as people could arrive. Around the monuments were a sea of stone buildings, some as much as four floors high, capped with sharp slanted roofs to deal with the snow.

It was a comfort. I lost count of the times I had caught myself stopping and staring, just admiring the view.

Even if everything collapsed all around me, and this empire didn't even manage to survive to the end of my life, I found comfort in the thought that this city would be a legacy.

Though not my only one.

"Come on! Keep up!" Arne exclaimed, launching into a quick series of jabs and thrusts as he sparred with Ragnar. Both boys had grown so much, and looking at them suddenly made me feel old. Arne was a man grown now, or near enough. Sixteen years old going on seventeen, and he looked so much like Brandr that my heart clenched in my chest at times.

Ragnar was keeping up with his older cousin, now twelve years old. His face was pinched in an expression of absolute determination, using his shield just as I taught him before countering with his own strikes. He was a cautious fighter these days, habits ingrained from countless bouts with his siblings and me; his aggression was kept in reserve until he saw an opening.

Watching the bout were Scáthach, Aífe, and Magnus. Radahn and Bjorn weren't with them; both boys were sulking because they wouldn't be part of the raid. My eldest daughters were taking the news well, largely because I'm sure Morrigan tutored them on how to extract a promise from me that when the conquest of Britannia came that they wouldn't be left behind again. But that was a compromise that I was willing to make.

In another five years, they would be sixteen. Bjorn and Radahn would be thirteen. They would be old enough to partake in the war to come and earn their own renown and respect.

The bout intensified as I walked down some steps towards the courtyard, neither boy wanting to lose. So I put an end to it with a sharp clap to my hands with a proud smile, "Save some of that fire for the raid. There will be plenty of fighting to be had."

"Uncle," Arne nodded, lowering his shield and practice blade. "Do we depart soon?"

"In the morning," I answered with the patience I only gained once I became a father. Children, in particular small children and those on the cusp of manhood, had a habit of asking the same questions over and over in the hopes of receiving a different answer. "At first light. So, get plenty of rest, because we'll leave you behind if you sleep in."

"I'm ready, father!" Ragnar said, puffing his chest out with obvious pride. "I'm ready to fight!"

The twins tsk'd behind them, but said nothing.

I placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed it, "I know you are."

How strange it was to see your children grow up. It didn't feel that long ago that I was of a similar age, leading a war band across Saxony against the Franks. The amount of time only revealed itself with math.

I was nearing thirty years old.

"I know," I repeated, my gaze going to the twins and Magnus. "Come. Your mothers wish to dote on you one final time before we leave."

"Father! Aren't you forgetting something?" Magnus spoke up, his tone hopeful as his gaze dipped to what was in my hand. I gave him a grin and Ragnar all but jumped in surprise, looking at my hand with open greed.

Armrings. They were a band of twisted gold with the two ends bearing the likeness of wolves, each with a jewel on their maws. They were fine craftsmanship. Worthy of boy princes that were turning into men.

"I suppose I did. We can hardly have boys going on the Raid," I remarked, tossing the armrings to them both without pomp or ceremony. They were so eager to put them on that they nearly dropped them, and when they did place the armrings on their wrist, they looked at them with wonder. It was proof that they had crossed the threshold to be considered men by our people, but even then, I looked at them and saw a pair of young boys.

"We can celebrate with our departure feast," I said, placing a hand on the back of their necks and ushering them forward. I was proud of them in that moment, watching the boy- men excitedly compare their armrings. Yet, even then, there were concerns that lingered in the back of my mind.

Halfdan would take up the regency while we were away, but I expected him to be hands off while my wives continued their duties as they had for years now. Haldur would be joining the raid, as would three other kings while the rest had chosen to send representatives. All were in the feasting hall, making deals and leveraging connections to get the most out of this raid.

It weighed on me as I ushered my children back to the hall, feeling all eyes turn to us as if our arrival was a stone tossed into a lake. I could see Astrid speaking to her father, likely convincing him that her brother needed help and how to best deliver it. Jill was entertaining a half dozen noblewomen, and she pointedly caught my eye with a silent scolding, as if to say that my absence had been noticed.

My hall was full to the brim, important nobles and notable landowners all celebrating and anticipating our departure. My sons went off to their friends, though I did hesitate to call them such, showing off their armrings. I saw it all as I approached my throne, seated at an elevation to let me overlook my great hall.

Even days after receiving the news, making plans and issuing orders, it still felt like I was walking into a trap.

The hall began to quiet as they took notice of me, and from where I stood, I saw my brothers entertaining different groups of nobles. I saw my nephews with their own groups of companions. By the time I arrived at the top step, the hall had gone silent, expecting my speech.

"We have come far these past few years," I began, my gaze sweeping over the hall as I settled in my throne, knowing the image that it cast to those who looked up at me. "Nine years. It has been nine years since I became King of Denmark. Five since I became Allvaldr. Five years that our people have been unified. Outside, in the harbor, there is the greatest fleet that our people have ever known. In the greatest city that our people have ever known."

I saw their faces. I had their rapt attention, and none would deny what we had accomplished.

"We have built roads that connect the furthest reaches of the empire. We have built cities and towns and fortresses. The foundations have been laid for an empire that shall never fall. That will endure for a thousand years, and a thousand beyond it," I continued. "Yet, I am before you now and I give you this simple truth -- we have further to go still."

The tension of the room spiked as the men and women in it realized the depth of my ambition. They had looked at all I had accomplished and built and thought that would be enough.

"We will go to foreign shores for this Great Raid, and it will serve as a testament to all that we can accomplish, together, unified in mind, body, and spirit. We shall bring back vast riches that will see our people thrive," I uttered, my gaze flickering across the room and it lingered on a few who most needed to hear my words. "So be hungry, my people. Nurture your ambitions as you would a fire. And know this above all else…"

"This is the beginning. Not the end."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Gumbito34 and 520 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks The Prince New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,272
"That's it? That's Britannia?" Ragnar asked, half leaning over the railing of my flagship, as if it would make him arrive a half second sooner. I grabbed the back of his tunic, making sure that he didn't fall over while I gazed out at the familiar white cliffs. Or, rather, I gazed at the flapping banners of Wessex, watching the men who watched us.

"Aye, that's Britannia," I confirmed for him, the fog thinning enough for the land to be revealed to us after three days of heavy mist. "I thought that it would be familiar to you." As I spoke, I pulled him back so his feet were firmly back on the deck. All the while, I rested a hand on Magnus' shoulder to make sure that he didn't get any ideas.

Ragnar's expression pinched with thought, trying to recall a distant memory. "... I think I remember that? You told us about how Caesar proved that Britannia was real. And Aunt Morrigan is from the Eyrie?"

My lips curled, pleased that he recalled the memory. Magnus seemed puzzled, and I rubbed his head affectionately, "That's it. You were likely too young to remember, Magnus," I assured him.

The young man shrugged it off, "Will we land soon?" He sounded hopeful and eager to begin their first adventure. In response, I pointed towards the flapping flags, and it took Magnus and Ragnar a few seconds to see them. His breathing hitched, "Will they try to stop us?"

"I'm sure that they would try," I answered, "If we were landing here." It was difficult to tell how many men stood on the cliffside from this angle, but I was willing to bet that there were a great many more flags than men.

Ragnar seemed a bit put out, "We aren't?"

In response, I raised an eyebrow at both boys, a sign that they could figure it out themselves. They shared a vaguely annoyed look that I wouldn't just hand them the answer before they started thinking about it. Since the moment they could speak and walk, I had ensured that they received the best education I could give them. I didn't think it was too much to ask that they actually use what's between their ears every once and awhile in exchange.

"... They mustered too fast, didn't they?" Ragnar started, now narrowing his eyes with suspicion. "Even with spies telling them when we left, it takes more than three days to muster so many men."

"The flags are just flags, aren't they?" Magnus picked up the thought. "They'd be fools to muster so many men and spread them so thinly across their border. But they're counting on us not knowing which of the flags are fake and where the enemy is to stop us from landing here."

"Because they want us to land elsewhere? A battlefield of their choosing where they could attack us as we disembarked. And a landing site small enough that we couldn't land all of our boats to get off as an army," Ragnar finished.

"Exactly so," I praised both boys, patting their heads and smiling as they swatted at my hands. "King Ecbert, by all accounts, is a clever man. He has been preparing for this day for as long as we have. While I'm sure that we would win if it came to a battle, there is little to gain by playing to the plan of a clever enemy."

My spies spoke well of Ecbert. He seemed to be Charlemagne's chosen tool to bleed me of strength. To make me falter and lessen my reputation in the eyes of my young empire. For years, Charlemagne had opened his coffers, funding Wessex to conquer its neighbors, to fortify its coasts and to build its army. It was enough to secure the southern coast of Britannia, but a military alliance between Mercia and Northumbria saw an end to its unchecked expansion.

"If we aren't landing here, then where are we landing?" Ragnar asked a pointed question and I smiled.

"Where it is least convenient for them," I answered, making both boys' brows furrow, but it would be another day before my words made sense to them.

The island of Mann was a small island located between Britannia and the Eyrie. It was sparsely populated, containing less than five thousand natives, most of whom gathered in fishing villages on the coast. Through the rolling waves of mist, I saw the island my scout ships had already secured a landing point on. The island jutted out of the sea like a misshapen thumb, large rolling cliffs that were covered in dense forests or left as barren crags. It was ideal for our purposes.

We made landfall, and my sons were quick to scramble off the ships, only to cry out in betrayal when their legs wobbled underneath them. The men laughed, and I joined them. I could see what my father had been talking about all those years ago. "Your legs still think you are at sea, and they are compensating for a tide that isn't there. Give it an hour, and they'll remember what it's like to walk on solid ground."

"Why didn't you warn us if you knew this was going to happen?" Ragnar groused, earning another laugh from me, but he seemed to be ever so slightly put at ease when he saw that the other boys that had joined the raid were in no better shape.

What had my father said? "It's a father's joy," I echoed him before gesturing for them to follow. "Come. Let us make camp and I'll tell you what the plan is."

The camp was swiftly erected. The tents were in organized rows, latrines were dug, a palisade built, with a trench before it and the dirt packed in mounds so archers could stand and shoot over the walls as needed. The ships were brought ashore, anchored and chained together. My tent was located near the center of the camp, surrounded by the kings and their nobility.

"The island of Mann is an ideal waystation for us," I began, unfurling a map. "It's fortified, isolated, and it can only be reached by sea. We control these waters, as we have the ships and the experience. Our goal," I continued, taking tokens and placing them on the map, "is to secure footholds on Britannia and on the Eyrie."

The footholds needed to be defensible ground with natural harbors capable of supporting at least a hundred ships. They would be fortified and maintain a garrison of two thousand men at the very least.

"We will divide our forces initially, with some going to the Eyrie and some to Britannia." It would be the initial phase of the raid, testing the responses, and allowing greater maneuverability. "The spoils of those raids will first be held at those footholds before being transferred here for safekeeping." Which was why warehouses were also being constructed in preparation to store the wealth that we would take, and there were many of them.

I had built five hundred ships in preparation for the raid, but if it was even half as successful as I hoped it would be we would need multiple trips to carry everything back to Scandinavia.

"Who will we raid first?" Magnus asked, soaking in the information.

It wasn't me who answered. "Mercia," Haldur spoke, entering my tent with his son Harald and Arne right behind him. "King Offa of Mercia just perished, and it is in a state of upheaval. What's more, it is the richest and most powerful of the Britannia kingdoms."

I nodded, confirming what he said. King Offa had been a strong king by all accounts, and one that had a long successful reign. Mercia had already been a strong kingdom, but he had turned it into a local power that was well situated to possibly unite the kingdoms of Britannia under his banner as Ecbert attempted. However, earlier this very year, he had perished, leaving the kingdom in the capable hands of his son, Ecgfrith of Mercia.

Who was promptly murdered less than a month into his reign.

Offa had attempted to secure his succession by killing all who could challenge his son's claim, and in doing so, the line of succession had been left shattered as Ecgfrith had no heir. Now those who had even the faintest claim to the crown were fighting each other to secure it. In short, they were in the worst position to respond to our raid, and the alliance that Offa had purchased with Northumbria with the marriage of his daughter to King Æthelred of Northumbria was in doubt because apparently he too had been assassinated, leaving Osbald of Northumbria as king.

And he, by all accounts, was a stupid, hot headed fool.

The disruption was so perfectly timed that I almost thought that Morrigan was behind it, even if I knew it was impossible. In the more likely case, the chaos of our arrival had emboldened shortsighted fools into action with the thought that they could seize power and legitimacy by defeating us in battle.

"Our first notable target shall be the town of Chester," I continued, pointing it out on the map. Then I traced the path we would take, "we will go South, towards Wessex, but not into it, before we curve back north, along the coast and into Northumbria."

"Why not attack Wessex? Or this area," Ragnar asked, pointing to the territory of Wales, which was divided into petty kingdoms of Gwynedd, Powys, Dyfed, and Ceredigion.

"The terrain," I answered first and foremost. "It is the same reason why we will not push too deeply into Alba." The mountainous terrain made travel difficult, the enemy would have a deadly advantage, and the kingdoms themselves were relatively poor. "Them, we will leave for the second phase of the raid. As for our lack of an attack on Wessex -- that is because I wish to see what King Ecbert does. I wish to see the depth of his loyalty to Charlemagne."

Perhaps Ecbert would strike out at us. Perhaps he would hunker down and ready for an inevitable assault. Perhaps he would find common cause with Mercia and Northumbria, and seek to work together with his rivals to defeat us in the field.

Or, perhaps he would seize the opportunity to pounce on a weakened and divided foe.

His actions would reveal his character to me, and that would determine what the future held for King Ecbert and Wessex.

"Chester, huh?" Ragnar remarked, accepting my reasoning and poking at the map. "I wonder what it's like?"

I chuckled, "As soon as you get your land legs back, you'll find out."


…
​

Ragnar found that it took a bit longer than that, but by the morning of the next day he found himself once more on a ship sailing to a new land. Six thousand men stayed behind on the island, while twelve thousand went to the Eyrie and another twelve sailed with him. Or, rather, his father and uncle. His brother and cousins stood with him on the deck as they sailed to Mercia with a hundred ships.

"This is it," Magnus muttered to him, the first ships landing and securing a camp.

It was. They were going on a raid. They were going to prove themselves as men, following in their father's footsteps.

There was something magical about stepping on a new land, even beyond how good it felt to have solid ground underfoot. And there was something so torturous in being so close to being able to prove himself but also so very far away as the camp needed to be established. Ragnar had watched on, seeing how Mercian scouts observed them, some running back in the direction of Chester or other settlements.

It felt like an age had passed by the time the camp was built and their twelve thousand men were being broken up further into four bands of three thousand each. They would strike at other settlements, some splitting off even further to secure villages and scout for resistance, but Ragnar barely had it in him to spare them a thought. Not when their own column of warriors, half of them mounted on horseback, began to ride out of the camp.

"Remember, stay close together. You are here to learn, not seek glory. Few tempt the Norns to cut short their life-thread more than reckless young blood," their father warned them, but even that failed to temper his expectations. Nor Magnus'. "Follow in step with your guards. Do not stray from them."

The road to Chester was a dirt path, but not a long one. As they rode towards the town, they passed through empty villages that looked like the people had vanished mid chore. All of them fleeing to Chester for safety, if not further.

Chester itself, however, was nothing like he imagined.

He had toured Denmark with his father, visiting the notable towns that were steadily growing into cities. They paled in comparison to Miklagard, but they were still proper cities. Stone roads, fortifications, tall buildings, and more. There was still some hold over from what they were before, but steadily the old rot was being cleared away and built anew.

Chester looked like a village that just… got bigger. There were farms surrounding the town, with clusters of buildings gathered around old walls likely built by the Romans, but there was nothing to protect the town beyond those walls that only wrapped around the innermost part of Chester. Which had likely started out as a fort, now that Ragnar thought about it.

A horn blew and their portion of the army began to spread out. Much to his chagrin, he and the other noble boys weren't put in the vanguard that marched towards the town. But, because of that, Ragnar was able to watch the raid begin in earnest.

Their warriors approached Chester from several angles, methodically checking each house that they passed for resistance. There was a loud silence as their men steadily pushed into Chester that was suddenly shattered by the sounds of chaos. He gripped his reins tighter, expecting to charge since the sound came from near the portion of the army they were in. But the order didn't come.

Instead, through the dirt streets of Chester, men and women were escorted out of the city. There weren't that many at first, a scant few that held each other tightly in fear as warriors escorted them to a holding area. But, steadily, their numbers increased, as did the sounds of resistance. Ragnar sat with the other young men, all of them tense and ready to charge into the frey, but the order still didn't come.

"Where are their warriors?" Magnus asked, cutting through the tension and making Ragnar realize that he had yet to see a single weapon or piece of armor amongst those that were taken into holding. The question wasn't directed at anyone in particular, but it was Ragnar's bodyguard, Valdimárr, who answered.

"Behind the walls," he answered in a gruff voice without emotion. "Those taken so far are those who have been left to die by the lords behind those walls."

"... Oh," Ragnar muttered under his breath, his lips thinning. That was… disappointing. His gaze lingered on the people who were gathered, seeing how they clung to each other and looked at them with eyes full of terror. They weren't warriors who had fought and lost. They were just people who had been abandoned and mounted what resistance they could.

His gaze caught a boy who looked like he was the same age as him, and there was such fear in his eyes that Ragnar had to tear his gaze away. He swallowed a lump in his throat, turning his attention to the town itself to see that the men had reached the walls and encountered the first true sign of resistance in the raid. Men shouted and jeered from the walls, letting loose arrows and stones.

Ragnar only realized his tension when his horse shifted uneasily underneath him, and he forced himself to take a relaxing breath. Something that his father made all the more difficult, as once runners came back to confirm that the exterior of the town was secure, Father rode forward with a handful of his bodyguards towards the front gate.

"I am the Allvaldr Siegfried the Wolfkissed," Father announced himself with a booming voice that carried easily throughout the town. Or, at least, that's what it felt like. "I would speak with Earl Cyneberht, who commands this town to negotiate your surrender. At my back are five thousand men, while another fifteen thousand scour your countryside. Resistance is futile and, at best, wasteful."

Ragnar saw the effect his words had on the men on the walls, looking down at his father with barely concealed terror. What stories had they heard about him, Ragnar wondered, to inspire such an immediate reaction? Yet, they did not answer for a long few minutes, dispatching runners. Only when one man did speak, Ragnar knew he wasn't the Earl.

"I am Eadræd, commander of the garrison of Chester," A man in his mid thirties to early forties announced himself at the gate. "It is beneath Earl Cyneberht to bandy words with a pagan and a barbarian, so I speak with his voice. He claims that God shall strike you down should you attempt to breach our gates. That you and your five thousand pagans will fall ill with a most terrible pox that will have you on your knees, renouncing your false gods and pleading for His mercy."

Most couldn't speak their language, but even those that couldn't knew that an insult had been delivered based on how the men on the wall cheered. Ragnar clenched his jaw hard enough that his teeth hurt -- he had never heard his father so brazenly insulted before.

"Perhaps," Father returned, his tone one of patience, apparently unbothered. "Yet, if that were true, then He would have had an easier time preventing our landing on your home. I can only take that as a sign that He allowed our passage. That He wants us here. Oh, how terribly you must have sinned, for God to send me to punish you."

That cut their jeers and a deeply uncomfortable silence fell over the town of Chestnut. One that was broken by the thwang of a bowstring, a sound that seemed impossibly loud, only because of how sudden the silence was. Ragnar only realized what had happened when his Father moved, snatching an arrow from the air that was aimed at his neck.

"How terribly indeed. You attack a man who offers a hand of peace. You abandon your own people without thought and hide behind walls you did not build," Father said, holding up the arrow before snapping it between his fingers. "To those with the wisdom to recognize this folly, lay down your arms and you shall be spared. Those of you with honor and courage, know that you will die cleanly and the gods will recognize your courage."

With that, Father turned his horse around and marched away, giving a gesture for preparation to begin. In response, siege weapons began to roll up.

They were true wonders. Secrets of Rome, and Alexander the Great before them. A siege balista.

In practice, it wasn't much different than a crossbow, only scaled up so instead of a bolt it launched a steel tipped javelin that was attached to a thick rope. Men cranked a wheel, bringing back the rope that would launch the projectile, and each notch was announced with an audible click. Once the wheel wouldn't be cranked anymore, another signal was given. All that tension suddenly came undone, launching the javelin forward directly at the wooden gate. The tip punched through the wood, bending to make it harder to dislodge.

The rope attached to their ends began to tighten as men began to turn another crank to a great wheel, a dozen men turning at the pegs. One of the javelins came loose, taking out a plank of wood. The other, however, punched through something thicker. Something surdy. Sturdy enough that when the men kept pulling at it, that half of the gate suddenly buckled, tearing off the frame.

The effect was immediate. The men on the walls began to panic, scrambling to guard the sudden gap, meanwhile their archers climbed up on the houses around the walls to start shooting arrows. Men raced forward with ladders to assault them as men formed a turtle formation, racing up the main road.

Ragnar watched it all from afar, gripping the reigns of his horse with white knuckles. Watching as the men overcame the defences. Had they remained firm, the attack would have likely been rebuffed, but combined with Father's words and the near instantaneous fall of the gate afterwards, it incited panic into the defenders.

A horn was blown right next to him, and the signal that he had eagerly awaited for days came so suddenly that he was caught entirely unprepared for it. His horse was well trained, however, following the others as his part of the army was throwing themselves into the opening made by the men. His heart was hammering at his ribs, and it felt like he couldn't get a lung full of air, his horse galloping towards the gate.

He expected to find the town beyond the walls to be full of fighting, but he only heard sounds of it elsewhere.

"Dismount. The horses will only get in the way going forward," Valdimárr instructed and Ragnar obeyed more out of habit than conscious thought. His shield felt unusually heavy. His axe even heavier. His throat felt parched and there was a cold sweat dripping down his back as he formed up with the others, as practiced. "Look like most have surrendered, but there is still fighting. We must secure the town, street by street. Stay close and stay calm."

Ragnar nodded, following behind Valdimárr as the other guards arranged themselves in a protective formation. Magnus stood at his right, and it was a much needed assurance as they started to march through the streets, walking past blood and corpses. The smell was potent, burning at the back of his nose, but it paled in comparison to that great battlefield that Father brought him to before.

The fighting echoed through the streets, steel against steel, often punctuated by screaming. Ragnar half expected that around every corner, they would find a waiting band of warriors. But each corner instead held disappointment it felt like. They'd only found more bodies or those that had surrendered. He didn't drop his guard in any case, his shield was kept high.

He thought he was prepared. A lifetime of training and instruction from his father, one of the most renowned warriors in their history, and yet the very moment that training was needed, it flew right out of his head the instant he saw an arrow sprout from one of their guard's necks. It didn't kill the man, the arrow caught in the mail coif, but he still went down to a knee and every single muscle that Ragnar had suddenly locked up.

The only thing that he could move was his eyes, following the trail of the arrow to a rooftop further up the street. He watched as the archer notched another arrow, raised the bow, pulled back the drawstring -- all of it happening with agonizing slowness as the archer seemed to be looking right at him. The arrow was let loose from his bow, traveling the space between them-

Ragnar moved without conscious thought, jerking his shield over to cover Magnus. The arrowhead punched through the wood plank, emerging just before Magnus' eye. His younger brother jolted where he stood, and it was only then that Ragnar realized that he had been in a similar state of inaction. Their eyes met before they shared a nod.

The training still seemed to have abandoned him, but his body knew what to do when screaming men rushed forward, emerging from a house, charging at them like mad beasts. Their guards formed a line before them, while he and the scions formed a shield wall behind them. Their guards acted as a stalwart wall, but then he saw it. Two of them pivoted ever so slightly, allowing one man to pass, before they closed their wall behind him.

It couldn't be anything less than intentional. An attempt on their lives? Or…

Another test by Father?

The man roared, knowing that his life was forfeit, and lunged for them. There was no conscious thought behind Ragnar's actions then. His body just moved, batting away a wild swing before he chopped with his axe, catching the man in his unprotected neck. Blood spurted, fat drops splashing across his face, and more when he pulled back the blade.

The man gargled, collapsing to a knee, his expression twisting into one of disbelief and terror. Ragnar watched him fall, collapsing to the ground, his lips moving to say something… but he couldn't get the words out.

… Ah.

He just killed someone. For the first time.

He swallowed the sudden lump in his throat, washing it down with the knowledge that by the time his father had been his age he had killed hundreds of men in the Saxon revolt. Ragnar put it from his mind, stepping over the corpse and knowing that the fighting wasn't yet done.

And by the time the fighting was over…

He'd killed another three men.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Lucerna and 557 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Counting Blessings New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 18, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,300
"God be good, these Northmen are like locusts. Only they do not take the harvest, but all that glitters and is golden," King Ecbert lamented to the assembly of nobles, but few of them were cut from a warrior's cloth in Pepin's silent estimation. And the most vocal among them was King Ecbert's son, Prince Æthelwulf, a boy of ten who was ready and eager to do what the others hesitated in.

"Were it only silver and gold, your grace," an elderman voiced. Count Mærwine, gray in his beard, with a long scar that took an eye and carved down his cheek. By appearances, one would expect him to be a vocal supporter of military action. But it would seem that his taste of war that cost him his eye had been enough to last a lifetime. "They take every scrap of iron, down to the very nails that hold up our houses. They take daughters and sons. They take the very future itself."

There were mutters of agreement amongst the assembled nobles, their heads bobbing, stamping their feet or thumping their goblet on the table they were arranged around.

"A most terrible thing. And a sign of what is to come. The Northmen seek more than just our fortune, they seek to control our fates -- without iron, we have neither sword nor plow to fight or feed ourselves. Without gold, we can purchase nothing," King Ecbert mused, a faux outrage in his voice. "A most clever wolf stalks outside our door. Worse yet, his pack is as vast as it is ravenous."

It had been a month since the Northmen arrived and began to carve through Mercia. They left no town nor village nor church untouched, spreading across the innermost kingdom of England like a wildfire, sending refugees to all corners of the island with what valuables they could carry. And in that month, they faced no true opposition.

City garrisons did what they could, at least at first. But once word spread that those who resisted were put to the sword, but those who surrendered were gifted mercy? It did not take long for the garrisons to start surrendering at the mere sight of the Northmen army, knowing that any fight was undoubtedly lost and that no help was coming to aid them, even should they resist.

It also didn't help that the Northman sacks were hardly the hell on earth that the peasants were told to expect. Should they not hide anything, should they not resist, the odds were that the Northmen would leave them be and move on after they took what they wanted. There were few rapes, and those were punished by death by either Siegfried's hand or the victims. There were few widespread damages, few senseless killings. It all cultivated a clear and simple message -- resist and die, but submit and be well.

The Northmen even had a queer custom that when they did take slaves of the populace, their families must be compensated, essentially forcing a sale. Something that made taking slaves less prevalent, but not entirely eliminated. A means to avoid taking too many, Pepin reasoned. But it also had the effect of completely undercutting the message that had rung out from Wessex to Alba: that the Northmen are barbarian monsters who would slaughter them like helpless lambs.

It cultivated an image that Pepin was finding it difficult to combat. That the Northmen were kinder in their victory than any Anglo-Saxon would be to their neighbors.

"However, hope is not lost, my lords," King Ecbert declared, raising a hand to silence the fearful doubts. Then he raised up a parcel of letters, "In my hand are correspondence with our neighboring kingdoms, soliciting their aid in seeing off the Northmen like the pack of wolves that they are. King Coenwulf of Mercia, through an act of God, has secured a portion of his kingdom's army and intends to send out a rallying cry across the lands to muster more. King Osbald of Northumbria, likewise, has promised the same!"

Not enough. If the nobles around the table knew the numbers that were promised in those letters, then they would not cheer, suddenly finding their courage when they realized they didn't have to deal with the hungry wolves alone.

Northumbria was the stronger of the two, but Siegfried was not the only wolf on the island. King Causantín mac Fergusa of Alba probed and prodded Northumbria's northern border. Worse, Osbald was a new king and already proving to be an unpopular one. Of the five thousand men that he promised, Pepin would be genuinely shocked if half that number arrived. Likewise, he would be entirely unsurprised if they failed to show up entirely.

Coenwulf, however, was in a precarious position. Like Osbald, he was a new king to the throne, and given that his kingdom was being ravaged, he was a weak one as well. Yet, he was a rallying figure, with his calls to arms reverberating throughout Mercia. He had a mere five hundred men at the moment, but if the embers of a dying kingdom were stoked correctly, that number could rise.

Wessex, meanwhile, mustered a force of eight thousand men. And only that much with half a decade of support from his father.

In theory, they possessed an army of thirteen to eighteen thousand. In reality, they likely had around ten thousand. Which was not even enough to match one of the armies that marched Britannia, the other running amok in the Eyrie while a third was fast approaching. Especially not an army commanded by the one man that his father deemed to be his equal. A man who had never lost a battle and preferred to fight outnumbered just for the sake of the challenge.

In short, unless the math radically changed, taking to the field would merely hasten an already certain defeat.

"What of Gwynedd or Powys? What of Alba?" An elder asked, his tone hopeful.

Ecbert adopted a most disappointed expression, "Alas, it would see our historical enmity with the Welsh has overcome their good sense. They are convinced that they are enough to stand alone against the Northmen." The nobles made sounds of disgust and ire, but it was nothing compared to what followed when Ecbert continued. "Meanwhile, whispers persist that King Causantín seeks to consort with the pagans by marrying his daughter to Emperor Siegfried's heir, Ragnar."

A likely fabrication, or a deadly twist on a half truth. While Christianity was… strange in England, often possessing rites that Pepin had not seen in Francia- Rome. Yet, he doubted that any Christian, unusual or not, would have their kin marry into a pagan empire. What was more likely was that King Causantín sought to prevent the same ravaging that befell Mercia befalling on his kingdom, and was in talks about how to avoid such a fate.

"An heir who, by all accounts, is no less monstrous than his father. Only a boy, he stands as tall as a man and in his very first battle slew no less than a hundred men!" Ecbert continued, deliberately stoking their fear and outrage. All so that they would be so blinded that, when the truth arrived before their eyes, they wouldn't recognize it. "They have abandoned all sense of reason, my lords. They have invited the wolf into their homes, content in their safety, even as it feasts upon their neighbors!"

Ecbert stood, slamming a hand upon the table hard enough to rattle a goblet, "This cannot stand! I will not allow it! I will not allow our neighbors, in their shortsightedness, to allow a foreign power that worships demons a foothold into our home! Whereas they have failed, Wessex shall not! We will be a stalwart wall against the pagans, so help me God!"

It really was something to watch King Ecbert work. With a short speech and a few white lies, the same nobles who had wrung their hands at the prospect of battle now shouted for it. It likely wouldn't last. Something that would be all the more true when they learned a few brutal truths. That their allies were barely worth the air it took to speak of them…

And that a third Northmen army was sailing around the Roman coast from the Mediterranean, and would arrive within the month. If they learned that before they crossed the point of no return, then they would lose heart and give up. Wasting years of effort and vast amounts of wealth.

The nobles left the room, now confident in their victory, leaving behind but a few individuals. Pepin among them.

"We mistook Siegfried's threat," Ecbert began, no trace of his earlier confidence to be found. "This attack is not one of conquest, but a prelude. He will ravage these lands, and what he leaves in his wake will be so chaotic and destitute that the people will beg for his rule."

People had short memories, and they were blind to cause and effect. Once the Northmen left their shores with every last gold coin, there was going to be a struggle. Banditry born from roaming refugees. Farmland left to fallow because men didn't have the tools or the manpower to cultivate them, which would lead to a famine in some places. All the while, ambitious petty nobles would see an opportunity to climb higher than their station, so they would jealously guard what power they had and then strike out at others to weaken them and rise higher.

In the years following this… raid, Britannia would be left a place of chaos and disorder. By the time that Siegfried returned to its shores, so long as he brought peace and stability, Pepin could see the peasants welcoming his rule with tears of gratitude, blind or uncaring to the fact that he was the one who set it all in motion.

"The recent assassinations certainly haven't helped things. Kings seem to be dropping like flies," Pepin noted, sliding his gaze to Ecbert. There wasn't an accusation in his voice. Just an idle observation.

Pepin was almost certain that Ecbert was behind the rash of assassinations and usurpations across England. He wasn't sure how, which is why he never made an accusation. Though even if he did, Pepin doubted that he would ever voice such ugly and inconvenient truths. But, the simple truth was that the only people who benefited from this chaos were Siegfried… and Ecbert.

"God have mercy on their souls," Ecbert uttered, making a cross before continuing. "I've had to double my guard just to make sure that I am not one of them. Such senseless waste. The Devil's work, no doubt."

Which devil, Pepin wondered, offering a thin smile. "Regardless of how we found ourselves in these… circumstances, the fact remains that Wessex is in a position of leadership. And we have a very narrow window of opportunity." The Northmen were divided -- a garrison on the island of Mann, and an army split between Britannia and the Eyrie.

The Defiler of Rome was coming with between fifteen to twenty thousand men. Enough to reinforce both armies and put them firmly beyond their power to face on the battlefield.

"This is true," Ecbert acknowledged without inflection. Or guilt. "But, as luck would have it, we have our rallying cry. This raid is not merely an attack on our worldly lives, but upon our immortal souls. Upon our Heavenly Father himself."

"Then we shall scrape the bottom of the barrel, then?" Pepin guessed. It wasn't exactly a good plan. Ecbert had cultivated a disciplined force of eight thousand warriors in his wars against the various petty kingdoms surrounding them. A force so mighty that Mercia and Northumbria had to band together to counter it. A force that they thought would be enough, had this attack been more reasonably sized.

Inflating the numbers with peasants that had fire in their hearts but no training to speak of? Who would likely falter the moment they felt the tide of battle turn against them? Against Siegfried's well-trained and disciplined army?

It was courting disaster.

Something Ecbert was well aware of based on his thin-lipped smile.

"I'm afraid we will be forced to dig much deeper than that."


…
​

The raid was progressing well by all accounts. My army moved slowly through Mercia, leaving no stone unturned. The baggage trains of stolen wagons were heavy with spoils, carving out paths as they rode to our fort on the coast. There, the garrison on the island of Mann would sail out, load up a few ships, and transfer it to our fort there. Britannia was not nearly as rich as Hispania had been, but we were well on our way to matching the spoils taken from that raid.

Especially now that we had secured the capital of Mercia, Tamworth. It, along with many noble prisoners who had attempted to sneak out of the city when we arrived. Most would be ransomed back to those that still had the coin to purchase their freedom, others would remain prisoners to further destabilize the region, while others would be granted their freedom in exchange for cooperation.

The city of Tamworth had been overrun with refugees, placing a great strain on the city's food reserves. If we had besieged it, I honestly doubted the city would have managed to last more than a week before food riots broke out. Which proved to be an opportunity for me.

I had learned a great deal from the first Great Raid. Enough to know what kind of preparations were really needed to house such vast amounts of treasure, as well as what the men would take in great numbers. It also taught me the importance of how to deal with the great influxes of food.

Meat and fruits, I reserved for my men, but it had cost me very little to give out bread from grain stores that had accrued. It was a move that hadn't undone any ill feelings about the raid, but it did soften the people of Britannia's attitudes ever so slightly. Just a touch, really. It was an unexpected kindness from an enemy that they'd expected nothing but cruelty from. And that was something very deliberate on my part, to undercut the religious fervor that was being stoked across Britannia.

"There are more slaves being taken than expected," Haldur remarked to me as we stood in a royal office that the current king wasn't using as he was in the countryside, trying to rally an army. As he spoke, he passed me a slip of paper that had a list of what had been taken in Tamworth. Gold, silver and jewels taken from the treasury and churches. Wines, spices, furs, spools of cloth, pigments, and ironworks. In addition, there were a thousand slaves taken.

"It's higher than I would like, but not more than I was prepared for," I replied.

"As much as the men came for gold and glory, they came for wives just as much," Haldur remarked with a chuckle that I didn't share. He wasn't wrong. The warriors that had come with me from the Mediterranean had settled in and found great success. With that success, they took multiple wives. In the grand scheme of things, it was something of a challenge for the menfolk but not an insurmountable one. Following the conquest, however, those that fought settled in the same position as the warriors that came before.

It was an issue that was steadily compounding, and there were many who saw this raid as a means to securing a wife if not a harem for themselves.

"It will be something we must keep an eye on going forward. It'll only get worse the longer the raid goes on," I remarked, setting the note aside.

There was a sharp knock at the door before Ragnar entered. He strode forward with a confidence that he had lacked before Chester, having settled into himself a bit. As much as I wanted to look at him and still see a boy, I could no longer deny that he had become a man. Both because of his armring, and by deed.

"Father, Uncle -- our scouts have brought word of Wessex. King Ecbert is leaving his lands," Ragnar informed, standing tall as he looked at me. The news surprised me.

"How ambitious of him," I mused, tapping a finger on the table. I had thought that Ecbert would remain in Wessex, shoring up his own defenses as he left the rest of Britannia to burn. "Perhaps he saw through my plan?"

I wanted to discredit Ecbert. In the aftermath of the raid, I wanted people to wonder 'why wasn't Wessex attacked? Why didn't they suffer?' That would lead to suspicion and doubt against Charlemagne's chosen pawn because from there, it was a very small jump to assume that Ecbert had perhaps worked out some kind of deal with me. It wouldn't be true, but rumors rarely cared about the truth.

That suspicion would be enough to undercut his bid for power and to weaken if not eliminate Charlemagne's continued support.

"Even if he did, what gives him the confidence to march against us?" Haldur questioned sharply, looking out the balcony in the direction of Wessex. "They don't have the numbers or the experience."

"I'm not sure he plans on winning the battle," I ventured, shuffling a few papers around in search of a map of Britannia. It was an older one as my scouts were still filling in the Map granted to me by the gods. The one that had been looted from a noble family's home was the most accurate I had found so far. "His ambitions can be accomplished simply by showing that he's willing to fight, regardless of whether he wins."

"That ambition being?" Haldur questioned, glancing at me sharply.

"Becoming the King of England. From the southern coast to Hadrian's Wall, though I doubt that Ecbert would complain if he absorbed all of Northumbria into his kingdom," I answered. It had been clear very early on that Ecbert was Charlemagne's pawn on the board. His way of trying to check me, be it by taking the lives of my warriors or forcing a defeat upon me to stain my reputation. He had financed Ecbert's expansion and fortifications, as well as sent Ecbert his eldest son to serve as an adviser.

It had been just as clear that Ecbert was a man of ambition who was perfectly happy to be a pawn if it meant getting what he wanted.

"I thought that he would wait until we left to pounce on the weakened kingdoms," I continued. I'd half counted on it, really. Wessex wouldn't be left untouched, but I had intended to leave it in a position of strength for expansion. That way, when we returned, we would only face one kingdom that was ruled by an unpopular king who had attacked his new subjects when they were at their lowest.

"Could his reputation survive such a defeat?" Ragnar asked, and that very question was why I had assumed that Ecbert would wait for us to leave before positioning himself as the defender of England.

"I don't know," I admitted, finding myself curious. "In any case, he believes so, enough that he's willing to act despite the risk."

"Will there be a battle?" Ragnar pressed, and I nearly reached out to ruffle his hair to put him at ease, but stopped myself, knowing that the action wouldn't be appreciated.

There didn't need to be one. Not really. We were a highly mobile and disciplined force that could come and go as we pleased. The only true risk would be at our baggage train filled with our collective spoils or against the fort that acted as a waystation. But, if Ecbert wasn't behaving as planned, then plans need to be reconsidered.

"Aye," I decided, my gaze fixed on the map, drawing a finger northward, out of Mercia and into Northumbria. "There will be."

A pitched battle had advantages for us. A decisive victory would make the rest of the raid much easier. And it also opened the door to diplomacy.

"But not now," I continued. "Ragnar, fetch your brother. It would be best to tell you this together." At that, Ragnar nodded sharply and marched out of the room. Haldur watched him go with a fond expression.

"He's grown into himself," Haldur remarked, echoing my thoughts. "He carries himself like a man now."

He did. It had been a calculated risk. I did my best to control as much of the circumstances and factors as I could for Ragnar and Magnus' first true battle. A real fight for their lives. They had both done well, even better than I had dared to hope, and the results spoke for themselves. Still, my heart hadn't rested easy, and still didn't. Yet I couldn't do anything but leave it to their training and the will of the gods.

"Harald distinguished himself as well," I returned.

"Hm. Until after the battle. The boy puked," Haldur said with a ghost of a smile.

"Ragnar and Magnus were trembling so badly that they couldn't stand after their blood cooled," I returned and we shared a rare smile. "I wasn't much better when I killed for the first time. Mother can attest to that."

"Father told me to relax. Shame I did it with a full blatter. I'm likely the first man to piss himself after the battle was done," Haldur snorted with a shake of his head before he stood up. The moment of levity quickly faded as he turned his gaze to the map, "What shall I tell my men about the battle?"

"It'll happen in Northumbria," I answered, tapping the map near a city called York. "I want them to gather their strength as we move north to see what fight Mercia has left in it. And to see what Ecbert will do when Hjalmar arrives in Wessex." Would he split his forces? Would he falter? Would he let his lands be ravaged to commit to a battle? I didn't know, and that was the point of dragging out a battle and forcing him to give chase.

Haldur nodded, accepting the information and leaving the royal office.

I wasn't alone for long as Ragnar and Magnus both soon arrived, looking like they had both hurried to get here. I chuckled as I stood up, looking at both of my sons. They had grown. They were men. And it was time that I started treating them as such.

"Before there will be a battle, there is an opportunity to tilt things into our favor more than they already are," I began, standing before them. "For this reason, I am sending both of you as part of a delegation to King Causantín of Alba."

Magnus frowned, "An alliance? Do we need them?"

"Need? No," I admitted. Admittedly, their highlands would be a challenge to take, but no more so than Norway or Sweden had been. "But having a ready ally on Britannia will be useful in the future. Especially one that we can embolden."

Ragnar's gaze sharpened, his lips thinning but he swallowed down what he initially wanted to say before instead saying, "What would be the terms of an alliance?"

"That," I began, reaching out and settling my hands on their shoulders, "Will be part of your duty to decide."

That earned disbelieving looks, "Father! You can't be serious-"

"I am," I swiftly undercut their argument. "You won't have a wholesale say, of course. And you will be accompanied by a seasoned diplomat, who I expect you to listen to and learn from. The goal is to have them agree to fight in the battle with us. If you think you can get more than that, then try. If you can't, then learn why not. You have trained for this your whole lives, and both of you are clever. I trust you to not sell my empire for a hundred men in a battle that we would already win."

That earned a pair of indignant expressions. I smiled before I continued, "Nor will I be sending you without something that can tip the scales." They had no idea what I meant by that, but they soon learned as I felt… power flowing from my hands into them.

It wasn't just Prestige, as I bestowed them both with a Blessing. There was some, but only a token amount. Most of the cost came from Perks that had languished in disuse.

I never used the Perks that I had earned from the Conquest, largely because there had never been a need. I would hesitate to call myself undefeatable, but I also knew that I wasn't that far off. With my Chosen and my own abilities, the odds of me being bested in battle were vanishingly small. There was a reason I was able to forge an empire in three years, and that was before gaining nearly ten additional Perks.

They weren't useless, but I didn't really need them. At least, not as much as others did.

So I had held them in reserve for this day. The day when my children became adults and could use an advantage to handle the responsibilities they would have. So I let the unused Perks flow out of me and into my sons, and their expressions were ones of awe as they felt the power settle in their chests.


Martial: Battle Precognition

The user gains the abilities of a battle-precog, allowing them to anticipate an enemy's next move before they can think to make it.



Diplomacy: Charming Presence

Without an active reason to dislike a user, everyone in his presence will have a +10 opinion modifier, with a 5% reputation increase.
​

Ragnar's breathing hitched as his Blessing's settled first. It was my first time bestowing two at the same time, so I was a little concerned when he wobbled on his feet. However, I was distracted as Magnus almost fell over as both of his Blessings settled.


Stewardship: A Good Deal

When negotiating, targets have a tendency to walk away with the lesser end of a bargain.

*Does not prevent reputation loss if a deal is stacked too much in the user's favor.



Diplomacy: Two Truths and a Lie

The user is able to see two truths about a target and one lie. Depending on how well the user knows the target, the lie will be easier to identify. As well as allowing the user to reveal specific truths.
​

The Blessings that Magnus received surprised me. I'd thought that they would be martial-focused, given that all but one of the kingdoms that made up my empire had been taken by conquest. I suppose in the act of bestowing those Perks, they became neutral and were then applied depending on the aptitude of whomever I was bestowing them on?

Both were useful, but Two Truths and a Lie seemed unusual. Blessings tended to be flat benefits, and it was the first time I saw a Blessing that carried a bit of… risk to it.

"... Father?" Ragnar tried, taking a sharp breath and blinking a few times, recovering alongside his brother. "What…?"

"They are abilities that will help you in your task and your future," I told them, and now I allowed myself to ruffle their hair affectionately. Trying to ignore a knot of concern in my chest that the Blessings would change how my boys looked at me. Like less like a father and more like… how everyone else did. "Can I count on you two to see this done?"

They traded a quick glance that they thought I didn't notice before they stood a bit taller.

"You can count on us, Father!" They said in almost unison, and I smiled.

I truly hoped that was the case.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Lucerna and 524 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 18, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Responsibility New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Feb 25, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,315
Ragnar found himself riding up a dirt road alongside his brother Magnus and his cousin Harald. They were part of the delegation to the kingdom of Alba, alongside the five hundred Ironclad bodyguards to ensure their safety as they rode ahead of his father's army. Father was withdrawing from Mercia, and now turning his attention to Northumbria, which made traveling through the country somewhat dangerous. In the days that it took for them to ride from one end of Northumbria to the other there had been a few frenzied skirmishes, but the petty lords of the petty kingdom struggled to do more than annoy them.

All the while, Ragnar spoke with Ove, the diplomat that Father had sent with them on the delegation. Father would be the first to admit that diplomacy was not his strongest skill, but it was Aunt Jill's, and she had selected a number of diplomats to accompany the raid to aid Father's larger ambitions. And Ove spent those days preparing them as much as he possibly could.

"King Causantín mac Fergusa lays claim to all of the lands belonging to the Picts," Ova repeated himself more frequently the closer they got to the border between Alba and Northumbria. "But he is not a king as your father is, Lord Harald. Nor your father, Prince Ragnar and Prince Magnus. His grip on his kingdom, by design, is weak."

"What king would want a weak grip on his kingdom?" Harald asked, his brow furrowing at the mere thought. The repetition of the information he taught them was made tolerable by Ova always delivering a touch of new information to learn each time, broadening their knowledge of the highland kingdom.

"None," Ova answered quickly. "For it is not by the king's design, but that of the Pict Clans that confederated in response to the invasion of the Saxons." It was such a strange thought that this land had been conquered by the Saxons, a kingdom and people that now answered to his father. Ragnar had tried to see any connection between the two, and there was next to nothing. They barely even spoke the same language, with only a handful of words remotely recognizable between them.

"That confederation remained a very loose series of alliances between the clans, with the position of king being granted to one who had enough backing to claim the title but not enough to challenge the independent clans. Over the centuries, the kingdom has fractured and reformed, and in this latest generation, King Causantín has enough political sway to act independently."

"And that is what he seeks from an alliance," Ragnar echoed an earlier lesson. The Pictish King lacked an independent power base large enough to challenge the other influential clans, so he sought outside help to strengthen his grip as king. "But that doesn't mean it is in our interest to help him."

"Diplomacy is a battle of desires and ambitions," Ova nodded. "Your father desires an ally within Alba, but that doesn't make King Causantín the most suited for this role. He who must seek allies outside of his kingdom to rule his kingdom is not a king. He is a puppet. It is only a question of who pulls his strings, and your father will not always be in Britannia."

"Our job is to attract and feel out other possibilities amongst the Clans," Magnus ventured, knowing their duty. "And in doing so, it will provide leverage against King Causantín, because it sends the message that we can just as easily support another."

"Exactly, my prince," Ova praised Magnus. It was clear early on that he had a favorite between the three of them, but it didn't surprise Ragnar much given who he answered to and whose son Magnus was. "Naturally, this action will inflame those that find a foreign power so openly meddling in their kingdom irksome. From there, it is my duty to determine if they are a credible threat to whoever we choose to support, should we support anyone at all, and recommend actions to deal with them. Whether that be military action, slander,, assassination, marriage, and more."

Ragnar swallowed the lump that suddenly formed in his throat as one of those things wasn't quite like the others, but he swallowed whatever complaint he could make.

This was what it meant to play the game of kings.

"And how long will this delegation take?" Harald questioned, and Ragnar knew that he was eager to return to the raiding. All of them had been blooded at Chester, but it was Harald that found that he had a taste for it.

"My part will take the better part of a year," Ova stated, and Harald went bloodless at the mere thought. "Yours, however, will last but a few weeks. A month, at the most." There was a ghost of a smile on his face, knowing exactly how he'd sent Harald into a state of fright.

A month wasn't a small amount of time, but still… "I thought it would take longer," Ragnar admitted, turning his gaze to the lands beyond. The lands of Alba. They reminded him of Norway, just a bit. The large sweeping hills, the straight cliffs, with mountains that loomed in the distance.

"It largely depends on what each group seeks to accomplish," Ova answered. "In large part, I can only prepare the grounds for a true alliance. I must wait for your father to perform his role -- defeating the Britons and completing the Great Raid. That, more than anything else, will send the message that they are allies of convenience and not necessity. Which will enable me to further your father's goals for the kingdom."

"Which would be?" Harald questioned, but from the sound of it, he already suspected the answer.

"It's absolute submission."


…
​

It didn't take long for their arrival to be noticed once they crossed the border into Pictish lands. Scouts watched them from afar as they trotted a well walked path. And it was roughly half a day into their journey that they were met by a party of Picts. There were perhaps a dozen before them on the road itself, but there was half a hundred watching from above in the rough uneven cliffs. It seemed like they had been waiting for them to arrive.

"Halt," a richly dressed man commanded, clearly a nobleman as he was seated on top of his horse. Ragnar found that he couldn't look away from him -- he was around the same age as Father, so in his late twenties to early thirties, but what stole his attention was the fact that he had red hair and bright blue eyes. It was the first time he saw someone with the same coloring that wasn't related to him. Or probably wasn't related to him. "I am known as Lùcas Mac Rath the Bloodhair, sent here on behalf of King Causantín."

Mac Rath. One of the notable Clans according to Ova.

"I present to you, Prince Ragnar and Prince Magnus, sons of the Allvaldr Siegfried the Wolfkissed! Accompanied by his nephew, Lord Harald, son of King Haldur. And I, Ova, a dignitary charged with opening negotiations with your king."

"Aye," Lùcas began, nodding his head. His Germanic carried a twinge of an accent that Ragnar couldn't quite place, but it wasn't that different from the Norsemen who learned Germanic. "I also see you're accompanied by a fair few more than that. As per the agreement, you were meant to come with a small force."

"My lord, I'm afraid this is a small force," Ova returned, seemingly well prepared for the argument. "A mere five hundred men of the tens of thousands that roam Britannia. Would you expect the Allvaldr to entrust the safety of his sons and nephew with anything less?"

There was a beat of silence as Lùcas narrowed his eyes, his horse shifting underfoot. "I believe that we have a difference of opinion on what constitutes as a small force. I hope you understand my reluctance to allow an army into my home."

"Only if you accept our opinion of what constitutes an army," Ova returned easily. "And trust that if we possessed unworthy thoughts, then know that we would not arrive with so few men."

There was another loud silence between their parties, and Ragnar spared a glance at the men above, seeing how their arrows were notched. Yet, he did not feel that phantom sensation in the back of his neck that they were about to pull back the strings and shoot at them. A sensation that he had grown exceptionally familiar with in the days following the Blessing that he'd received.

As such, he held himself with an easy confidence, knowing that they would not shoot. He knew it with as much certainty as he knew his own name.

"... Very well then," Lùcas uttered, sounding unhappy about it, but knowing that there was little he could do. To turn them away would be an insult to his father as much as it would be acting out of turn with King Causantín. Something that they couldn't afford when there was such a great army on the island and they were seemingly unprepared to face it. Lùcas released a sharp whistle and the archers above began to stand or fall back. "If you would follow me, Princes, Lords, and bodyguards. I shall lead you to King Causantín's keep."

With that, their delegation began to move forward, this time escorted by a hundred men. Ragnar watched them form up, but one in particular stood out, mostly because they were the only one attempting to hide their face underneath a dark green hood. They approached Lùcas, speaking in a language that he recognized as Gaelic. Casting a quick glance at Magnus, knowing that he knew more of the language than he did, but Magnus shook his head. Maybe if the twins were here…

The figure speaking to Lùcas glanced their way, their face half hidden by the hood, but Ragnar saw enough to recognize a woman. Her hair was a different shade of red than his own -- lighter, almost the shade of fire. There was a bright blue marking on one side of her face, woad that framed her eye and over her cheekbone.

Pretty.

And very unfriendly based on how her eyes were narrowed into a glare before she turned away.

"Don't even think about it," Magnus remarked to him on Arabic.

"I wasn't," Ragnar defended, shooting his brother a scowl.

"You absolutely were," Magnus laughed. "She bares a resemblance to their leader," he continued, avoiding use of any names as they spoke in secret. Harald seemed faintly annoyed that they were talking in Arabic, but they would repeat what they said in a private setting. "They're kin, I think. And their clan is influential enough to make things complicated as it is without you following after her like a lost dog."

Ragnar swatted at Magnus with his ridding stick, but his brother laughed, urging his horse out of the way with a sideways trot.

Despite himself, there was a grin on his face as their party began moving once again. Then, in Norse, he spoke, "Do you think that is why Father sent us here?"

That made Magnus grow serious, "To get married?" He questioned, mostly for Harald's sake. "Maybe. It might not be his plan specifically, but he's likely prepared for the possibility."

"If we marry some lowborn highlander, I think that would be a failure of diplomacy," Harald snorted, dismissing the idea out of hand. "We are royalty. Our blood is worth more."

Ragnar bit his tongue to swallow a sharp retort. Harald had an arrogance that he found grating at the best of times, but it wouldn't do to argue before the Picts. Still, it was irritating how Harald claimed the same status, even if he lacked the title to go with it.

The only princes or princesses were sired by his father. The others might call themselves 'kings', but Father had hollowed out that title until they only had an empty crown. Among the changes was that the children of the kings were not acknowledged as princes, with the one exception being Norway because of how it was diplomatically brought into the Empire.

Setting the flash of irritation aside, he considered the point. "Has your father spoken to you about marriage?" He asked, mostly because Harald made it sound like the idea hadn't even occurred to him. Which either meant Harald was a dullard who was so arrogant that the idea never occurred to him, or that he knew any marriage wasn't possible and the most likely possibility as to why was because his uncle was arranging his marriage already.

Harald twitched, telling Ragnar that his question had touched a nerve. A secret? One that Harald hid by shrugging, "My father hasn't said."

A lie, Ragnar assumed, but not one he challenged. He recalled his father's words and warnings too well. When Father established the empire, he had looked long into the future and delivered a warning -- that one day, likely within Ragnar's lifetime, the various kingdoms would start to bind themselves into factions with marriage. A way to increase their bargaining power against the crown. He also warned that his uncles Haldur and Halfdan were natural places to start.

"I'm more surprised that he hasn't brought it up with you," Harald continued, turning the conversation around on him as they rode behind Lùcas at a sluggish pace. Deliberately slow to give messengers that they had undoubtedly sent ahead as much as a lead as possible. "You are the heir, after all."

Ragnar almost shifted in his saddle, trying to hide how the assumption bothered him. By the traditions of their people, he was the heir. He was Father's first born to his first wife. Yet, he did not have the official title and the reason why was no secret amongst the family.

The heir would be who was most deserving. Who wanted to be heir and eventually Allvaldr after his father passed.

"I would speak with greater care," Magnus interjected in Germanic, the one language that the three of them shared. "Some amongst them know Norse," he added, and with a subtle gesture to the hooded girl riding next to what could be her kin. How her hood was tilted ever so slightly that indicated that she was listening with half an ear.

And given how her head tilted back to look forward, Ragnar wondered if she knew Germanic as well.


…
​

Their destination was Perth, a decently sized city located upriver and in the lowlands of Alba. A deliberate decision, Ragnar suspected, to allow them quick response to either Northumbria aggression or weakness. The city wasn't without fortifications, but they weren't of Roman make.

These were the people that the Romans gave up fighting and built a wall to protect themselves from.

Around the town was an old earthwork while the ditch around the city was filled with water. The only way to easily enter the city was a bridge that creaked eerily under the hooves of their horses. Ragnar drank the sight in, knowing that the battle of diplomacy had already begun as they rode into the city.

Their buildings were unimpressive, as were their roads. It was an insult to compare the city to his home of Miklagard, but he compared them all the same. The Picts built wide, their city not thoughtlessly planned, but it lacked the neat organization of his home. The buildings were made of wood and thatch, the roads dirt with planks thrown over muddy areas.

As he inspected the city and its people, he knew they were inspecting him as well and so he gathered himself. Aunt Morrigan and Jill called it a mask -- a version of himself that he wished others to see. He was tall for his age, so he did not slouch in the saddle. His cloak was pushed open, letting all see his fine clothing of brilliant dyes and intricate damask patterns, his fine riding boots, his well fitted trousers, and the few pieces of jewelry he wore. He looked straight ahead, his expression giving nothing away.

But that cracked when he saw a little girl no older than three or four climb up on a crate or something and offered him an enthusiastic wave.

He allowed himself a small smile, relaxing his expression, and he offered a wave back. The people that gathered around the street, stopping what they were doing to watch them pass, remarked upon it but he could only guess what they were saying. It sounded vaguely approving, though.

Lùcas led them to a central keep that wasn't unlike the longhouses of his people. Large, made of wood with a sloped roof to avoid the snow piling up so high. Ragnar dismounted along with the others, their guards standing close as Lùcas led the way with a large set of double doors opening for them.

The first thing that Ragnar noticed was the dirt floor. The second was the long stone hearth filled with smoldering coals to ward off the lingering chill in the air. And the third thing he noticed was the throne on one side of the room and the man who sat upon it. The throne itself sat elevated over the hall, a stone platform built that was large enough to fit a large table, but there was only a pair of thrones there now.

King Causantín mac Fergusa didn't look like a weak king. He was on the taller side, dark brown hair with dark blue tattoos over his cheekbones and a long groomed beard. Calluses on his hand spoke of a warrior, and the jeweled rings on his fingers spoke of unusual wealth compared to his fellows. A wolf pelt rested on his shoulders and a simple dark blue tunic covered his body, laces open to show a hint of his chest and the tattoos that were etched into his skin. The queen seated next to him was blonde with brown eyes, a warm expression affixed to her face that was too unchanging to be real.

Ova took the lead, standing before the Pict King and greeting him in his native tongue. A customary exchange of pleasantries and their introduction -- Ragnar heard his name, followed by Magnuss, and then Harald's.

In the meantime, Ragnar looked at the others from the corners of his eyes. To look without looking. There were a handful of people arranged near the throne, but not directly adjacent. Among them was Lùcas, but the girl who traveled with him was nowhere to be seen. More importantly, Ragnar deduced that those near the throne were representatives of the clans. They were all well dressed, and he noticed that they each had a dominating color to their outfits.

King Causantín replied when Ova was done giving the introductions, his tone flat. Not unwelcoming, but there was no warmth. When he was done speaking, Ova turned to him, "King Causantín says that we are welcome to his hall and granted his protection as king. He is eager to discuss terms of an alliance and hopes for a fruitful relationship with us."

Well, that sounded entirely too good to be true.

"Your thoughts?" Ragnar asked in Arabic, knowing it was a bit rude but better that than eavesdropping.

Ova thought about it for only a second, his warm expression never so much as twitching. "Something has happened to taint the negotiations before they have begun. I'm afraid your father has put quite the challenge before you, my prince."

Yeah.

That sounded about right.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jgordo, Andell, Lucerna and 496 others
Ideas-Guy
Feb 25, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Old Friends New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 4, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,338
They withdrew from the hall upon the exchange of pleasantries, allowing them time to refresh themselves after a long journey. As well as time to gather their wits.

"Such a change in attitude could mean a number of things," Ove voiced to them in Arabic, just in case the walls had ears. "It could be that the outreach was always at the prodding of the clans, and King Causantín never spoke in favor of it in the first place. Or something changed the opinions of his supporters. Regardless of what caused it, it happened recently. Likely within the time of our departure to our arrival. Something significant, but quiet. Not a marriage. Not a quarrel amongst the clans. Something else."

Ove was speaking to himself as much as he was them, up to his head in a tub.

"Is he hostile, or is the warmth of his words merely gone?" Ragnar asked, similarly submerged in a wooden tub. He preferred the copper one back home, or the bathhouses. The soaked wood didn't retain the heat well enough. "If it's the latter, it could merely be a feint, and they seek to lessen our advantage in negotiations by appearing less eager than they are."

Ove nodded, conceding that point. "However, if they are hostile, then they must have reason to display their confidence so openly."

"What could explain that?" Ragnar prodded, making the seasoned diplomats' brow furrow in thought. He was squinting at the wall like he saw something beyond it that might have an answer.

"It could be a woman," he mused, making Ragnar's eyebrows rise. At the expression, he chuckled. "In the coming years, my prince, you will learn what manner of fool you'll be willing to make of yourself for a pretty girl and her smile. And as you grow into a man, growing wiser with age, you will learn that never changes. It's just a question of how big of a fool." That earned a huff of laughter before Ragnar scooped up a handful of water to scrub his face.

"What would we know about the women in his life?" Ragnar asked and was answered by a disappointed sigh.

"Exceptionally little. Lady Morrigan's reach does not yet extend so far. Our information is lacking as a result, which is most unfortunate. At this stage, we can only guess at what changed his intentions towards us. It is the next act that I suspect shall reveal the source," Ove ventured.

"And what stage shall that be?" Ragnar asked, feeling a knot of tension between his shoulders. A doubt started to creep into the back of his mind, wondering if his father would have sent them on this mission if he knew of the complication. Would he still expect them to accomplish it? What was his father willing to give to gain an ally on Britannia?

The questions picked at his mind, nagging like a hangnail that caught on every other thought as they emerged from the baths and were dressed. The temptation to wear his finest clothing was there, but he had seen how the others were garbed in the hall. Perhaps the rich fabrics of silk or velvet were not unknown to the court of Alba, but Ragnar suspected they weren't widely available if so. While dressing so richly could in itself be a message that such luxuries could be wasted on still growing men, it would double as an insult.

Few would care to be shown up in their own home, at their own hall.

Further, such an appearance could earn scorn. A perception of softness, as if he needed the luxuries. Yet still, possessing them was also a declaration of strength.

The result he arrived at was a middle ground of sorts. Plain clothing, though all finely made, lacked the usual embellished patterns stitched into the fabric. A simple tunic, trousers, and boots. Yet, he wore a gold embellished belt, clasping a cloak over his shoulder with a finely made silver raven studded with small jewels. Lastly, he wore a single gold ring with a large precious stone in the middle.

An ideal outfit for the occasion. Fine enough, without being too fine. Poor enough not to mock their lack of wealth, but with enough subtle touches to make it clear that there was a realm of difference between their amounts of it.

Magnus and Harald both took after his cue to dress, and Ove had approved with a single curt nod. It was some hours later that Ragnar once again found himself in the hall, now ready to fight on the battlefield.

The great hall of King Causantín, upon a second viewing, still did not impress. Ragnar knew that he should not be so harsh in his condemnations. Father had gone at length about how things used to be in their homeland, and how it was an active struggle to keep it from reverting, but Ragnar struggled to see it sometimes. After all, if a palace had dirt floors, could it even be called a palace?

While having such thoughts, Ragnar made sure to keep them to himself as they took seats of honor in the hall, seated alongside the king on one side, and Ragnar noticed that on the side across from him, the chairs were suspiciously empty even as the hall filled up.

It gave him the time to watch the other Picts interact amongst themselves, many watching him like a stalking wolf in the wild, looking for a sign of weakness. That much, at least, was very familiar as home was much the same. So, he watched them right back, his gaze bouncing between the clans that could so easily be identified by who they stuck together with.

From his position, he could see the divide in the king's court. Roughly five factions, though he didn't know what interests they represented. Two of them were the largest, almost on equal footing based on what he was seeing, a third was lagging behind, while the remaining two were quite small but comparable to each other. Ragnar made a note to himself to investigate that divide- or, rather, he would have Magnus do it since Ragnar was seated closer to the king.

He and Harald would draw less attention moving around the lower tables than the supposed heir. An opportunity for both sides to probe each other for information that diplomats wouldn't give.

Once the hall was full enough, King Causantín raised an empty mug and started banging it on the table, bringing attention to him. It took a few bangs for the general clamor to die down, but when it did, he stood up and began to speak.

Not being able to understand his tongue was frustrating, even if he did have Ove to serve as a translator. "He welcomes us and all to his hall and speaks of the winds of change upon them. He commends your father for how he has tested the Britons, who lord over the south and look down upon them. He says that they take pride that their ancestors were never conquered by the Romans and that they were so feared as warriors that the Romans built a wall to hide behind."

Then he spoke in favor of the alliance? Ragnar didn't ask the question out loud, but he did wonder.

Then Ove's brow furrowed as he continued to translate, "Now he speaks of the resurgent Rome and your father's empire. He compares them to dogs that fight over the same bone… so he has invited ambassadors from both dogs to learn which has the greater bite."

And there it was.

On cue, two people stepped into the hall and, with a glance, Ragnar already knew exactly who they were.

Paladins of Charlemagne.

The few warriors that could match his father in a duel, some of them nearly taking his life. Every thought came to a skidding halt the moment that Ragnar registered their presence, and in a single instant, he understood several things all at once.

Ecbert may have been Charlemagne's main agent on Britannia, but that didn't make him the only one. The Roman Emperor sought to deny any ally to them on the island, making their future endeavors as complicated and costly as possible. More than that, their presence here meant that Charlemagne had foreseen his father's plan long in advance

That, in itself, was not unexpected. Father had warned him that Britannia was a trap, and it was only a question of what kind. And that was something that could only be revealed once it was sprung, since their treasury needed the injection of wealth from the island. The most likely possibility was to inflame religious tension -- take advantage of the outrage of the sack of Rome and the capture of the Pope to turn the populace against them more than they already would so that no Norseman could sleep easy. Perhaps it was simply to bleed them.

Or, as Father feared, the Raid itself may merely be a step in a larger plan.

That was a concern for the future, and there were several that required his immediate attention. The presence of Paladins changed the context of several interactions, but most worryingly the reaction of Lucas. The concern that he expressed about allowing five hundred men into his homeland rang less true and seemed now more like concern that their trap would have a more difficult time snaring them because of their unexpected strength in numbers.

The terse welcoming that King Causantín offered was clearly the result of being placed between a rock and a hard place. He was a petty king pinned between two great empires, and he had to choose whose thumb to place himself under. The Paladins' presence also meant that King Causantín had heard their offer first, and that was a potential advantage in negotiations. What's more, there was the fact that King Causantín, and all of Alba, were largely Christians, even if they practiced it a touch differently than what would be found in the Roman Empire.

'My father wants Alba as an ally… and failing that, to remove them as a threat,' Ragnar thought to himself, his heartbeat feeling like it had resumed. Negotiations would, of course, continue with King Causantín, but Ragnar wasn't hopeful that he would be the ally that they wanted. Which meant that he would need to focus on the clans, particularly ones that still practiced 'pagan' faiths. They didn't need to worship the same gods as he and his father did, but so long as they weren't Christian, then that would be reason enough to support them.

Support for those clans wouldn't go unnoticed, and it would inflame tensions. Just as they would support the pagan clans, Charlemagne would support the Christians. Infighting would undoubtedly break out. Infighting that would consume resources and lives, but provided that their side won, they would have an ally in Alba afterwards. But that accounted for relationships that they didn't yet have-

"Eh? Eh?! You're little Ragnar?" The lead Paladin blurted, before dramatically pointing a finger in his direction. "You're not tiny at all anymore!" She accused, as if it were some kind of betrayal. "Bah… Have I gotten old? The last time I saw you, you were about this big!"

'What?' Ragnar was caught off guard by the familiarity of her tone, seeing how she held her hands out only a few feet, so he would have been quite young.

"You don't remember me?" She pouted before sighing, "I suppose that makes sense. You were just a baby. I used to play with you back when Sieg was hammering out sculptures or preparing for the-"

"Paladin Astolfo?" Ragnar hazarded a guess, knowing the events that she was talking about. How his father had been forced to host a Christian debate in Norland. He was too young to remember the time in any real detail, but there was a vague memory of tugging on strawberry pink hair and laughing while someone tried to unpry his his fingers.

"That's me!" Astolfo confirmed, jabbing a thumb at his chest. "You have a good memory!" He praised, and it was an honest remark. The interaction was nothing like he expected. Far from it. And that feeling was obviously shared by the rest of the hall, Ragnar could see when he expanded his gaze to the wider room rather than just focusing on the Paladin.

The clans that were gathered likely couldn't understand a word that was said, but they could recognize tone and body language. Father and his empire might not be at war with Charlemagne and the Romans, but it was common knowledge that they were at odds and open war was an inevitability even if it hadn't started yet. So, they'd expected tension. A frosty animosity. Barbed words and veiled insults. Only for Astolfo to completely flip their expectations on their head, and now they were reevaluating.

Ragnar was as well. "It is an honor to meet you again, Paladin Astolfo. My father speaks quite highly of you," he began, earning a pleased expression that was borderline smug. "And your companion?" He prompted, knowing how all eyes were on him.

She was a woman. A beautiful one with blonde hair and bright blue eyes, standing a full head and shoulders taller than Astolfo. She, however, regarded him with what he would have expected of a Roman dignitary -- cold indifference that bordered contempt.

"Ah, I should have finished the introductions! My bad! This is Bradamante, another Paladin," Astolfo introduced with a casual air. That was less welcomed news, but he had prepared himself for it. One of Father's great accomplishments in the Saxon rebellion was slaying Rinaldo, one of the Paladins of Charlemagne, who was the elder brother of Bradamante. It was understandable that she bore a grudge.

There was a clap from King Causantín that brought all attention back to him. His expression was set into a stern mask, and Ragnar realized he had made a mistake. When Astolfo greeted him, he should have held his tongue as Astolfo had done so by interrupting the Pictish king.

Ove leaned in as Astolfo approached the high table, taking the two seats across from him, and he continued to translate the king's words. "He claims that there are three paths forward for the kingdom, and that if they are to maintain their pride and dignity, then they must stand together. Otherwise, Alba will become the next bone that they chew and fight over."

It could be seen as a weakness to acknowledge that so openly, but Ragnar suspected it to be a strength in this case. King Causantín was rallying the clans around him, claiming that either side could be an existential threat. It, however, tipped his hand into revealing that King Causantín favored neither them nor the Romans in whom he would ally. At least publicly.

King Causantín said some final words before he made a toast that was met with cheer and he settled back into his throne. With them, the celebrations began in earnest with plates heavy with food being brought out. All of which would have been tested by his food tasters, so Ragnar had little to fear there.

But he still had something to fear when Astolfo looked at the king and began speaking his language. King Causantín seemed pleasantly surprised and Ragnar fought a scowl off his face. Because of the seating arrangements, while he sat next to the king, Ragnar couldn't communicate with him without Ove, who sat further down the table. Astolfo being able to speak directly to the king, showing that they shared a tongue, would be a powerful advantage in the negotiations.

'I should have studied harder.' But he had grown lax. He already spoke six languages with varying fluency, and learning Gaelic hadn't been pressing. It had felt like there were other priorities, other languages that would be more beneficial to practice. More the fool he was.

But that didn't mean the opening day of negotiations was lost. There was still something that he could do.

"Paladin Astolfo," Ragnar began in their shared tongue when there was a lull following the customary exchange of pleasantries. "I understand that you hail from Mercia, do you not?"

If Astolfo and the king shared a language, then that meant the best thing to do was monopolize Astolfo's attention. It wouldn't be perfect, of course. But conversations flowed with a give and take, and by stopping them from finding a rhythm, he could prevent them from finding common ground.

Astolfo smiled, either heedless to what he was doing or uncaring. Ragnar genuinely couldn't tell which. "I am! From Chester," Astolfo confirmed, and Ragnar stilled ever so slightly. That, he hadn't know and he immediately felt foolish. It must have shown because Astolfo laughed, but it didn't feel unkind. "You really are his kid. He looked the same when he learned I wasn't a woman! Haha!" Well, now he was just embarrassed.

But Astolfo waved it off, "I don't bear a grudge or anything like that, Ragnar. Even setting aside that I haven't been there since I was younger than you…" Astolfo tilted his head, his brows furrowing ever so slightly. "It's war. Your dad does what he can to clean up how messy it is, and that makes him better than most, but it doesn't change that war is messy."

"It doesn't bother you?" He asked, a bit surprised.

"I wouldn't say that either," Astolfo shook his head. "I became a Paladin at sixteen, you know? And every year since, I've been at war. If it wasn't against the Saxons then it was against the Umayyads. And if it wasn't against them, then it was against the Balkans or the Italians or rebels." Astolfo sounded almost nostalgic, but that was probably the wrong word for it. He felt more like an old warrior that had finally stopped to glance over his shoulder and realized how far he had come. Some of his father's veterans were the same way. "And war is just messy. Villages get burnt, peasants are slaughtered -- sometimes because men are just animals that let a taste of power go straight to their heads. Sometimes because it's ordered and the people living there are just in the wrong place at the wrong time."

Then Astolfo smiled, "So I don't take that kind of stuff personally. I know Sieg did what he could to make the raid as clean as he could have. More than anyone would expect in the age we live in. And I don't feel any different for any city of my homeland because I know that they did the same to the Welsh, Irish, and Northumbrians without half as much mercy."

It was an unexpectedly reasonable attitude towards the whole ordeal that Ragnar found himself speechless. Yet, the words themselves made a knot of tension form in his chest. "My father… he still considers you a friend," Ragnar confessed, but he wasn't sure it was wise to. Especially not here.

Yet Astolfo didn't seem surprised. "Of course he does. Being on opposite sides doesn't change who we are." That's made the knot of tension tighten.

"But…" Ragnar found the words he wanted to say sat heavily on his tongue. All the same, Astolfo seemed to hear them.

He offered a wane smile, "Yeah… we're still friends. Even if the next time we see each other will be the last time."

Because the next time they saw each other, it could only be on a battlefield.

And there was something about that which made Ragnar feel profoundly sad.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:mohsin, Andell, Lucerna and 522 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 4, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Plans within Plans New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,359
The rest of the feast passed without incident, but also without progress. Ragnar did what he could to monopolize the conversation with Astolfo, who seemed to be the only one of the pair who could speak Gaelic. However, the language barrier proved to be quite the hurdle when Magnus and Harald both made their way to the lower tables to get a feel for the clans and factions. There were a handful of people who could translate, but the need for one stifled the flow of a conversation.

When the feast finally came to a close long into the night, and all parties retreated into their quarters, it was clear that they needed a new strategy. Something that transcended words to convey the message that they were trying to get across. And the best way to do that was to show them.

"This is the place, then?" Ragnar asked, looking out at the sea of tents. The clans had come in force to make sure that their voice was heard in the discussions, but so many had arrived that not all could stay within the city. There simply wasn't enough room, and that was as true for the clans as it was the Roman party and their own five hundred bodyguards.

Like in the hall, Ragnar could practically see how the clans were divided. In a way it was almost color-coordinated, with one predominant color in their attire or tents that declared their allegiance to one faction or another. Factions that Ragnar didn't yet understand. However, he intended to, and it was clear that these clans were too cautious or uncertain to make a move one way or the other. Content to observe for a time before making a decision.

So, it only made sense to put on a show.

"This is the place," Ove agreed, looking out at the stretch of rocky flatland. "In a few days' time, when the clans meet up like this again, there will be games and contests. I'm sure that the competition will be fierce this year as they'll want to show their strength." Meaning that his idea wasn't exactly unique, but how he intended to implement it might be.

"It'll do. We'll start small and scale up," Ragnar decided, giving the nod, and ten of his bodyguards marched forward in full armor, carrying dulled axes and shields. They set the squares before they began to duel. The sound carried over the field as wood smashed against wood, steel catching against steel.

Father only accepted exceptional warriors for the family's royal guard. Men who had proven themselves loyal and were tested in battle. They were Ironclads one and all, having earned full suits of armor if not in the Conquest then in the years spent in the Mediterranean. So, all of them fought well, far above what one would expect from a common soldier.

And people took notice. The sound drew some attention on the fringes of the camps, men stopping to glance their way and watching the duels, which didn't last long. When they broke apart, and ten more stepped forward to enter the square, that gave some of the watchers a chance to break away to spread the word. By the third set of duels, a small crowd had amassed. They had the clan's attention.

What came next was predictable enough.

Pushing through the crowd, armed warriors made themselves known, belting out challenges. They didn't share a language, but they didn't need to. His guards looked to him and he gave the nod, allowing the challenges to pass. The Picts were eager to prove themselves against their armored opponents, the crowd cheering for them.

They were fine fighters, that much Ragnar could freely acknowledge. It was just that his bodyguards were better, and none of the Picts had ever faced a so heavily armored foe before. Most wore chainmail, if that. Quite a few made the challenge bare-chested, symbols drawn upon their bodies in woad to protect them from injury. How they reacted to their loss depended wildly, with some going red in the face with rage and humiliation. Others, however, were quick to share a laugh with the victor.

'Red.' The more good-natured warriors tended to wear red. An indication of what kind of relations that faction was looking for. "Who do those wearing red represent?" Ragnar asked Ove in Arabic, watching as another wave of contestants arrived, eager to prove themselves. The crowd had really started growing by this point, people naturally drifting towards the crowd just to see what the fuss was.

"King Causantín's enemies," Ove answered quietly. "Clan MacCrag and their affiliates. They aren't exactly natural allies for us, but our interests do overlap to a degree." Meaning that they were less interested in an alliance and more interested in ousting the king? A bit disappointing, but they could still use that.

"Their strength?" He questioned, knowing that there was an opportunity before them. But would it be worth alienating the king so early in their visit by openly speaking with his enemies?

"Considerable. They're currently mollified with his reign with the betrothal between the king's eldest son and the eldest daughter of Clan MacCrag's leader," he informed, knowing exactly what Ragnar was thinking. Odds are, he had the same thought much earlier. If he hadn't, then Ove would be severely lacking as a diplomat, and Father wouldn't have trusted him with the task in the first place.

"A betrothal?" He asked, not sure what could be done with the information. Yet, at least. Only noting that a betrothal was far less final than a marriage.

"The king's eldest son is six years old," Ove answered. "The daughter is fifteen, I believe." That was a dangerous disparity in ages. By the time the prince would be old enough to sire an heir, his wife could be old enough to make carrying a child even more dangerous than it already was, if she could conceive at all. "The betrothal was a compromise to forestall a rebellion."

"Over what?" Ragnar asked, and Ove chuckled.

"The wrongdoings of their ancestors on both sides." Meaning that they barely needed a reason to rebel. It also explained why they would be so open with their intentions. It was possible that they were open to an alliance, but it was more likely that they were doing so to twist the king's arm a bit.

'This is why Father wiped the slate clean.' Father talked openly that he expected the politics of their home to one day become the same petty games that he witnessed in Rome, but Ragnar hadn't been entirely sure what he meant by that until now. Back home, his father held absolute authority. His word was law. Here, it was a game. One of petty wagers and pettier rewards.

"And the green?" Ragnar continued, looking to a pair of duels with Pictish warriors that were fairing better than most, but only because they fought with more desperation. They had something to prove.

"The King's own clan and supporters," Ove supplied. "They are in the majority in terms of the balance of power, but the alliances between minor clans can shift like the tide. Some are dissatisfied with King Causantín's rule, but they won't change their position unless offered a suitable reward." That was to be expected, but then Ove continued. "A reward that may be worth offering, my prince, as most of his supporters worship their old gods, even if King Causantín himself is a Christian."

Which would explain their dissatisfaction. "A recent convert?"

"Relatively. He has blended enough of their traditions with Christian doctrine that he is tolerable to both sides." That was impressive. Extremely so. "As for the Blues and the Blacks? They are largely unaligned, but do not share what political power they possess due to internal rivalries with another clan, which usually sees them excluded from larger factions."

It was the same factionalism that Father expected to take shape one day. Possibly even during his reign. Kingdoms finding common cause with others, be it economic, military, or diplomatic, and forming factions within the empire. Father called it unavoidable. That power attracts power, and those with it will seek out more to increase their already high standing. However, because Father had already seen so far ahead into the future, Ragnar knew how to best use the clumsy factions to their advantage.

"After this, I expect there will be outreach from the minor clans," Ragnar voiced lowly. They still spoke in Arabic, but there was a nagging worry that they could still be overheard. "Let us give them a common cause. Flatter them, but make no promises."

Ove saw his plan, "Leverage then?"

"I want to force King Causantín's hand. Or, make him feel like it is forced." Ragnar admitted. "I'd rather not cause a civil war or anything like it, but we need to know his leanings. One way or another." To that, Ove offered a silent nod and Ragnar detected approval in his expression with a small curling of his lips.

Another test passed, then.

The next bout of duels ended, and Ragnar felt the shift in the air when the next guests arrived. He anticipated it every step of the way, but he couldn't claim that his heart didn't lurch in his chest when the Romans arrived. Paladins Astolfo and Bradamante arrived with a dozen similarly armed warriors, all wearing similar plate armor to the Paladins.

Astolfo glanced his way and smiled, "We heard there was some competition going on! Mind if we get in on it?" He asked, and Ragnar couldn't help but note that Astolfo was very hard to read. He'd felt that way during their conversation before as well. He was so casual and easy going that it was almost easy to dismiss him, but Ragnar suspected he saw and heard and understood more than most would assume.

"Of course, Paladin Astolfo," Ragnar accepted, knowing the nature of the spars had changed. Now it was less about impressing the Picts with their skill at arms and more about showing them who were the greater warriors. "The spars are to first blood. We don't want to seriously harm anyone, much less kill them."

To that, Astolfo offered an enthusiastic thumbs up, speaking to his charges in Frankish, before half of them marched forward, finding their opponent on the field. His men looked to him, and he offered what felt like an authoritative nod. He raised up a hand as fighters entered the square, and when all were ready, he dropped the hand.

Instantly, it was clear that the spars were of a different nature than the ones amongst each other or the Picts. There had been desperation and hard fighting then, but his guards and the Romans were fighting each other like they were trying to kill each other. Each blow delivered carried deliberate intent -- the rules were to first blood, but they fought to make that first blood a dismemberment or worse.

Ragnar clenched his hands, watching the warriors struggle against one another. The bouts were fast, at least, because of how violently they fought. A gap in a guard saw a mailed fist racing forward to slam into a helmeted head, sending a spray of blood from the warrior that went down. Or how another cried out when an axe slammed down on a gap in their armor hard enough to snap a bone in two.

He had hoped for a more conclusive outcome, but when the bouts ended within a minute, the tally was three victories for them and three for the Romans.

It was then that Bradamante stepped forward, and Astolfo clapped. "Oh? You're pretty fired up, Bradamante! Anyone feel brave enough to challenge a Paladin of Charlemagne?" He asked, and the crowd that had gathered watched with measuring eyes. Judging.

They were almost dismissive. The Picts had their own share of women warriors, but they didn't look like Bradamante. She… even with her expression set into utter indifference, she was beautiful. The kind of beauty that left Ragnar feeling like the stories of men waging wars over a woman made a bit more sense now. She looked more like a queen than she did a warrior.

But, she entered a square and planted her spearbutt into the dirt, waiting for an opponent. She didn't have to wait long as one of his bodyguards approached with a hand axe and shield in hand. Bradamante shifted her stance, accepting him as an opponent, before Ragnar raised his hand again.

By the time he lowered it, the match was over.

'Fast.' Bradamante moved with an inhuman speed and grace, spinning her spear in her hands with a sharp twirl before delivering a pinpoint-accurate thrust to the chainmail underneath his swordarm, and it found purchase through the chain links. Then, as if it were easy, Bradamante withdrew the spear almost too fast to follow before spinning it sharply in her palm before returning to the exact same pose. The bodyguard dropped to a knee, almost unsure what happened to him before he felt the pain.

The reaction could be felt through the crowd like a stone dropped into a still lake. It was a display of absolute domination. A complete one-sided fight. A showing of strength that wouldn't be soon forgotten.

And it was entirely accounted for.

"A fine display," Ragnar praised, forcing a smile onto his face. "Forgive my rudeness, but would you welcome a second challenge? A warrior can hardly call himself as such if their heart wasn't moved by that display."

Bradamante looked at him sharply, and based on her gaze, she knew exactly what he was doing. In this contest of strength to show the Picts who they should fear more, a fight like that would be final. But he was the son of Siegfried, the Allvaldr. If anyone was capable of matching such a display, then it would be him.

What's more, he was young. Very young. If he won, then he had bested a monstrously powerful warrior that would no doubt earn a saga that would never be forgotten. If he lost, however? It was all the same. His age gave him an allowance that wouldn't be granted to her, at least not now that she'd proven herself. He was young, just a boy, and so long as he put on a good showing? The talk of the city would be how Prince Ragar fought so well for his age, not the one-sided domination that the Romans displayed.

"... Very well," Bradamante voiced, offering a shallow nod, and Ragnar accepted an offered shield before drawing his sword. An axe would be too short, and even with a spear, she would have the advantage on reach. Something in the middle would do best, and a sword was the best tool for the job.

His bodyguards began to beat their shields and stomping their feet to show their approval. Magnus made himself known by raising a hand high before dropping it sharply, beginning the bout.

Witnessing her speed from afar had been one thing, but it was something else entirely to have that spear thrust at him almost too fast to see. He knew without a shadow of a doubt that if Father had not bestowed upon him that Blessing, then he would have suffered the same lightning-quick defeat as his guard. But he had, and because of it, Ragnar knew exactly when the spear would be thrust and where, letting him raise his shield to catch the spearhead and knock it off course before he lunged forward with his blade. He attempted to drive it into the mail beneath her arm, only for Bradamante to shift ever so slightly so the blade skidded off her armor harmlessly.

Bradamante reset, retreating a half step and choking up on the shaft of the spear before hacking down at the side of his head. He could barely see the attack from behind his helm, and all the actions flowed together in the span of a second. She was faster than he by a wide margin. More experienced too. Yet, he was able to react even before she made her next move, and that let him react in time to tilt his head out of the way of a blow he could barely see and counter with a thrust of his sword that Bradamante effortlessly sidestepped before countering with the butt of her spear which Ragnar blocked with his shield.

It felt like he was fighting Father. After he'd received his Blessings, Ragnar had felt invincible. He was talented with swords, spears, and axes, but he was simply too young and not yet grown enough to close the gap with his father's veterans, much less Father himself. But with the Blessing, that gap had closed and reopened with him as the better. It had been an intoxicating feeling.

One that Father ruthlessly crushed by sparring with him and revealing just how gentle he had always been in all the spars that Ragnar had thought were grueling battles he barely survived. That confidence has been ground into the dirt with not a trace of it to be found as Father delivered a pointed message that he took great care to engrave into his bones -- that Ragnar was better than most, but not all. And he was currently fighting one of the few that could defeat him and possibly even challenge his father.

The crowd roared with approval at the rapid exchange, likely thinking they were evenly matched.

"You are your father's son," Bradamante acknowledged before delivering three rapid thrusts, and as each one was blocked by his shield, he fully expected them to punch through the planks of wood.

"When most say that, they mean it as a compliment," Ragnar replied, trying to keep the strain out of his voice before he stepped forward, going for a thrust, only for his blade to be batted away and he had to narrowly dodge a counter swipe. "Is that the case now?"

"You don't fight like him. You lack the same speed and strength," she remarked, and that was painfully true. The Blessings had made him faster and stronger to the point that he couldn't even compare himself to how he was before them. But the gap between him and Father was the difference between the ground and the sun. "But Siegfried is no coward and he's entirely too smart. That part of you reminds me of him."

So it was a compliment. Just one delivered as an insult.

"My Emperor has one regret in his life," Bradamante continued as they went through a rapid exchange of attacks and counters. An exchange that Ragnar couldn't tell if he won or lost. "That he did not slay your father when he had the chance when he was your age. Before he could grow into the man he's become. So I wonder… would I not regret slaying you here and now?"

The question was delivered dispassionately, as if it were a remark about the weather. Yet it had Ragnar's heart lurching in his chest and his mind racing as he lifted his shield to block a blow with less grace, a burst of fear tightening his muscles. Had he miscalculated?

He'd assumed that Bradamante wouldn't try such a thing, regardless of what grudge she might harbor for his father. He assumed that if she killed him here and now, it would lead to a war that neither of their people was prepared for. His father would take vengeance across all of Rome, destroying the newly resurgent empire even if it meant that their newly born one was destroyed in the process.

Ragnar grit his teeth; the attacks from the impossibly fast spear seemed heavier. As if they had changed from blows that could wound into attacks that could kill. He could withdraw from the bout. It may undercut whatever image that he'd started to craft with the Picts, but that was preferable to dying here. Or… or was it a bluff? A tactic to get into his head? To make him doubt?

'I am my father's son,' Ragnar told himself. Reminded himself. He was a prince. There were expectations of him that he had to meet. Surrendering wouldn't just mar his own image, but the image of his father and his empire. And if it was a choice between death and shame…

The choice was obvious.

Swallowing his fear, Ragnar lashed out, stepping forward to deliver a thrust of his blade and accepting whatever happened next.

What he didn't expect was for Bradamante to drop down, kicking his leg out from underneath him and making him fall flat on his back. He caught a flash of movement, and even as his heart lurched in his chest, he knew that the spearhead would stop short at his throat. There was a very loud silence as the match ended, everyone wondering if she would complete the thrust.

Bradamante almost seemed uncertain of it herself before a small sigh escaped her. "As I said. You are your father's son," she acknowledged before stepping back and only then did Ragnar realize he had been holding his breath.

'She baited me into attacking. Not surrendering.' Shame at the loss flowed through him, even if he had expected it. Not because he expected to win, but because he had fallen into her trap and allowed himself to be tricked. Father would be disappointed with him, and that cut him to the bone.

Ragnar sat up and was momentarily surprised by a hand being extended down to him. Bradamante looked down at him without any warmth, but no hostility. Hesitating just a second, he accepted the hand and was pulled to his feet. Swallowing the lump in his throat, he inclined his head to her. "My father's caution of the Paladins is well earned," he acknowledged.

"Some more than others, Prince Ragnar," Bradamante replied with a small nod of her head, before she walked out of the ring. It was only then that the cheering came once it was clear that they weren't about to witness the start of a war. Ragnar's gaze lingered on the woman before turning away, walking to the others.

Hands patted him on the back, approving of the show even if he'd lost. Shrugging off his helmet, he approached the water wagon and accepted a ladle. The bout hadn't lasted too long, but he worked up a sweat-

"You really thought you were going to die, didn't you?" A girl's voice remarked just before she revealed herself, draping her arms over the sides of the wagon. The first thing that he noticed was that she was speaking accented Norse… and the second was her red hair. The same girl that he noticed during their arrival, the one with the bow.

He looked at her for a moment, wondering why she would suddenly approach him and what she could possibly have to gain. "Done pretending that you can't understand Norse?"

"No point to. You princelings are the only ones having conversations worth listening to, and now you only speak to each other in gibberish." She replied with the same brazen honesty that he recognized in his sisters.

"Arabic," Ragnar corrected before taking a sip from the ladle. "And some would consider it rude to listen in on private conversations in the first place."

"Would those same people consider it rude to ferment rebellion in another kingdom?" She replied, making Ragnar reconsider her in that moment. She was sharp. Her mind as sharp as her tongue. The words were made to sound like an idle remark but they were a pointed retort.

"... I would imagine so," Ragnar replied, his tone cautious.

The girl hummed, a slight smile tugging at her lips. "The clans aren't sure what to make of you. You or your empire," she told him outright, and that made him feel more wary than reassured. "We're more similar than different, and we don't have the oceans of bad blood with you like we would the Romans or the Southerners. But no one likes having their hand forced. So, I wanted to ask you… were you really willing to throw your life away here? For what?"

For a moment, Ragnar wasn't even sure how to start answering the question. So he bought himself a moment to finish the ladle of water, letting him think for a few seconds on how best to answer. He didn't know the girl's name, but he did know that she was connected to Lucas, and he in turn was connected to the Reds. Meaning that it was likely that anything he said would make it back to them, and that could decide which way they leaned.

"My father has a vision," Ragnar began slowly. "A land without hunger. Without disease. Where the lowest and most wretched can find purpose and prosperity. He seeks to remake the world, it almost feels like." Her eyes narrowed with a touch of disbelief and suspicion.

So, he pointed towards the city. "If my father were here, he'd tear the city down to the foundations and remake it. He'd build roads with a gentle slope to them so rain water would flow to the gutters, and in turn they would find their way into cisterns beneath the city. Sewers would be dug so people wouldn't need to throw their waste into the streets. Buildings would be rebuilt so that they would remain warm in the coldest of winters and cold in the hottest of summers."

His finger shifted towards the rocky crags and mountains surrounding the city. "The soil here is rough, but he would use what he learned in Greece to build hillside gardens. Irrigation systems could be built to ensure that they are always watered in layers, decreasing the amount of labor needed to maintain the farms, while the greater amount of food would result in healthier people."

Now the suspicion gave way to curiosity, and he lowered his hand, offering her a smile. "My father has already begun the process in our homeland. It'll be the labor of a generation to achieve, and it'll be the work of generations to maintain, but it'll be worth it."

"Huh," the girl remarked, and that was a lackluster response. Enough so that he wondered if he had bungled the interaction, especially when she pulled away from the wagon and began to leave. He half expected some parting words, but she really was just walking away.

"What's your name?" He asked her, and that made her stop. She she glanced over her shoulder, there was a sly smile on her face that he didn't know what to make of.

"Maeve," Maeve introduced herself. "I'll be seeing you, Ragnar Siegfriedson."

And for the life of him, Ragnar couldn't tell if that was a promise or a threat.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Redtrue, Andell, Lucerna and 515 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
3
4
5
6
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
20 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer)
 Thread starterIdeas-Guy  Start dateJul 26, 2022  Tagsahistorical crusader kings 3 vikings
Prev  
1
…
4
5
6
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Long Live The King New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Mar 25, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,384
The duel with Bradamante had the intended effect on the Picts. Ragnar might have lost, but that mattered little because of how well he fought. A fact that was further established with the following duels where Pict warriors sought to best Bradamante, only to be defeated with the same ease as his guard regardless of their own skills in battle. Of course, it bolstered the reputation of the Paladins as well. They were swiftly being seen as peerless warriors, but the further their reputation rose, the further they dragged Ragnar's reputation up with them.

And that mattered more. The Paladins were exceptional warriors, but that's all they were. They had no lands, no formal titles -- they were an order of warriors beholden to the Emperor. Ragnar, however, was a Prince. Son of the Allvaldr, and heir apparent to his father's empire, whose army was sweeping over the south like a farmer's scythe through wheat. The Paladins represented the Emperor, but one day Ragnar could become the Allvaldr, and few things were respected more than the ability to fight.

So, excuses were made for his defeat for him. 'He was too young.' 'He isn't a grown man yet.' 'If they fought again in a few years, surely he'd win.' Ragnar was sure that Ove had his hand in fanning the rumors like one would a flame, but it worked. The days following, the caution that the Picts regarded them with had faded a touch. There were stirrings amongst the clans in light of new information, but those discussions were kept far from prying ears.

While the alliances between the clans shifted underfoot, they couldn't approach to discuss finer details of any kind of alliance with them. His party, and that of the Paladins, were being closely watched. All the more so now that Ragnar had begun to tip the precarious balance of power within Alba. He had little doubt that King Causantín had spies reporting every time Ragnar breathed or ate, just on the off chance that he or anyone else in his party could be communicating with his detractors.

However, the game of politics wasn't so easily stifled. Instead, it was channeled and allowed to manifest in some ways to allow the king to exert a degree of control over the situation, and to force the bickering of politics to step into the light of day instead of lurking in the shadows. There were many ways to do it, but the most popular of them was a hunting trip.

"I hate hunting," Magnus remarked to him once they were seated on horseback, joining a large hunting party headed towards the royal forest. "Fishing is more honest."

"We aren't going to hunt anything. It's just an excuse," Harald pointed out. "We break into smaller parties to hunt game, and the King will watch from afar to see who approaches who. And every attendant will report every word that we say."

Ragnar agreed whole heartedly, which was also why he hated hunting trips like this. Worse, it wasn't a true hunt either. Dogs would flush out game, cornering it and then it would be bound so some lord could feel important shooting a stationary animal or skewering it with a spear.

"Father took us hunting once," Ragnar remarked as they trotted along with the royal party. "Real hunting. Just us, and him -- no servants. We had to track everything ourselves, kill our prey or go hungry."

Magnus nodded, "Cleaning and dressing it… cooking it too. Father can do a lot, but he can't cook." Ragnar shared a grin with his brother, the memory a fond one. Father didn't bring them to the old family home often, but each time he did, it was a welcome break from the capital.

Harald just shook his head. "My father's different," he admitted with a shrug. "He says that we've climbed too high to be caught doing the work of servants." That was a fair attitude to have about it. Many of the old blood in terms of nobility, few that they were, whispered amongst themselves that it was shameful to have princes and the Allvaldr hunting and preparing their own food. They said it was because Father was once a peasant and such callings come to those with lowborn blood.

They never said as much to his face, much less to Father's, but the whispers still reached his ears all the same.

The conversation lapsed as they continued down a well trodden dirt path towards the royal forest, which wasn't too far away from the city. When they arrived less than half a day riding, Ragnar saw that the camp was already erected and, from the size of the camp, one would assume that they took everyone in the city with them. Their own tents were swiftly brought up, and Ragnar noticed that theirs were far finer than those of the Picts. Thick dyed cloth that was further embroidered with elaborate patterns -- it was a tent worthy of being made into clothes that would in turn be worthy of nobility, and they noticed.

Regardless, it was then that the real purpose of the hunt made itself known as the party was broken up into three -- one spearheaded by the king, one by the Paladins, and one by them. As one would expect, the King's party was the largest, but there was also a disparity between his party and the Paladins.

Ragnar thought that things would honestly be much closer. Far closer. Both Astolfo and Bradamante were incredible fighters, and the Picts stood to gain much if they chose to ally with the Romans. But while some of the lesser clans did join their party, it was less than half the number that joined his, which was two thirds as large as the king's.

King Causantín undoubtedly noticed, but he said nothing of it as their hunting parties each entered the forest at three separate points. Ahead of them, scouting parties and dogs ran ahead, allowing the nobles to talk amongst themselves as they waited for game to be found and captured for them. Which was how Ragnar found himself in familiar company.

"When news of your father's arrival came, all of Alba held its breath," Lucas, the man who had welcomed them into the kingdom, began. They trotted along a well walked path, completely aimless and the hunting part of the trip completely forgotten. "Even here, we have heard tales of him. How he once stood before an army's archers with his hands spread wide, and the gods refused to let an arrow touch him."

"That story is true, according to him," Ragnar replied, his tone polite. "Though, the stories leave out the fact that most of the Frankish archers were already dead by that point."

Lucas laughed a little too hard to be natural. It was a very good, well practiced laugh. Ragnar imagined most would be deceived by it, but he had grown up around men that laughed like that. "I imagine that helped quite a bit, true. But had the gods wished him to die that day, it only would have taken one."

The purpose of the conversation wasn't to flatter his father or convey what respect Lucas had for him. It was about the gods. As in plural. A subtle way to make it clear that while they might not worship the same gods, Lucas and his faction weren't Christians.

"It's a frustrating story to hear, at times," Ragnar returned, pretending that he didn't notice. "My father speaks often about not tempting the Norns to cut your life thread short with recklessness, but his entire youth was spent recklessly."

"Such is the draw of destiny," Lucas replied, his tone perfectly amicable. "My sister likens destiny to a path in the forest -- you can walk the path that was laid for you, or you can attempt to brave the wilderness around it… but one way or the other, you'll end up in the same destination." He was deliberately mentioning his sister.

Maeve. "She sounds wise," Ragnar admitted, still not sure what to make of the girl. He hadn't seen her since that conversation and he didn't know if that was a good thing or not.

"Wiser than most," Lucas said, and at least there did seem to be an honest pride in his voice. "And it is the destiny of Alba that has her fretting these days. In particular, the vast army your father is sweeping over the lowlands with." And now the conversation approached the real topic that Lucas wanted to discuss. "By the day, it marches closer, picking through Northumbria like a swarm of locusts. King Ecbert is nipping at his heels, but neither seem willing to choose a battlefield."

Hm. While it could merely be a turn of phrase that he learned, Ragnar knew that locusts didn't dwell in Britannia. They were very prominent in the Bible, however. It wasn't definitive proof of anything, at least not yet, but it did mean that Ragnar would keep an ear out for any slips. While it didn't truly matter if Lucas was a Christian or not, if he was willing to lie about his religion that, at the very least, meant that he was a liar.

"The might of King Ecbert's army may be impressive by some standards," Ragnar said without missing a beat, "But it consists of half starved levies. Those in my father's army are veterans of the Mediterranean or the Great Conquest." An exaggeration, admittedly. But not an important one. "My father hasn't seen them off solely because he awaits your king's decision."

King Ecbert had amassed a considerable army over the days and weeks since they'd arrived. People displaced by the Great Raid and pockets of resistance that retreated rather than face Father's host both flocked to his banner. At the rate things were going, the king would manage to amass an army a hundred thousand strong by the end of the year. It was an army large enough that Britannia likely hadn't seen one so large since the days of Caesar's invasion.

But the fact that King Ecbert hadn't pressed the attack in favor of slowly building up his strength and letting Father ravage his historical enemies told Ragnar that Ecbert was exactly the kind of man Father thought he was.

"You speak as if our participation in the battle won't affect the outcome," Lucas remarked, a touch of a rebuke in his tone. "If not, what could your father possibly need us for?"

Ragnar hesitated to answer that question, uncertain if he should answer it with the truth, with lies, or avoid it entirely. But he decided to speak a half truth instead, "The isle of Britannia is a land that is easy to take but hard to hold. My Father has plans for these islands, but the shape of those plans are dependent on other people's reactions. Such as King Causantín, or Emperor Charlemagne."

Lucas didn't seem surprised by the admission, simply cocking his head to invite further elaboration. Ragnar indulged him, "As it stands, Father intends to ravage the South and take its wealth, before departing back home." Lucas' eyes narrowed ever so slightly, realizing that this invasion wasn't one of conquest. Yet, at least. "Once we withdraw the South will be destabilized, with its economy and nobility gutted. It would be beneficial for us to have an ally on the islands upon our departure, but it could be more beneficial to leave a garrison at a stronghold."

"Dependent on what, exactly?" Lucas questioned, and Ragnar saw he was somewhat unnerved. Tense. He felt like Lucas was catching a glimpse of the scope of the plans that some had for his kingdom.

"What Charlemagne does," Ragnar answered easily. "He's made a substantial investment in the South to fortify it against us. His overtures to your King and Alba as a whole are an indication that he has long term plans for Britannia as well. At the end of the Great Raid, Charlemagne could do one of two things -- he could cut his losses, or he could invest more into the islands."

What shape that investment took varied wildly. Charlemagne could continue to use Ecbert as a pawn to conquer the South, creating a unified England. He could conquer England with his own armies and claiming it as his direct domain. He could limit it to monetary support to help alleviate the following disasters that the Raid would leave in its wake. It could even be a mixture of all three.

"If it's the latter, then we would like to maintain a strong presence on Britannia, along with gathering support of stout allies. If it's the former?" Ragnar continued before offering a small shrug of his shoulders, "Such long term plans become unnecessary, but in the chaos to come, there are those we would prefer to see rise above it."

Lucas rode in silence for a long few seconds, gathering his wits and when he did speak, he spoke slowly. "And what opinion would the Allvaldr have about Alba becoming more than an ally?"

Ragnar kept his surprise off his face, but his eyebrows desperately wanted to rise high. To ensure that he didn't misunderstand, he tilted his head the same way Lucas had to invite elaboration.

"King Causantín is a weak king," Lucas spoke bluntly. "His rule is tolerated because of the betrothal he struck with my clan but no more than that. He is right about one thing, however -- your father and Charlemagne will both fight over Alba like two dogs over a mutton chop. And if this is to be so, is there not wisdom in choosing a master, before such a bloody affair can ravage our lands?"

So he was right. Lucas spoke of vassalage in the same vein as how Father brought Ragnar's grandfather into the empire. That was… surprising. And ambitious.

The point of the diplomatic mission was to gain an alliance. And Ragnar knew his father's plans for the future -- total conquest. Bringing one of the major kingdoms on the island would be a substantial boon towards that goal, and it would make maintaining a presence on Britannia far easier leading up to the conquest.

However, it was simply too good to be true. Ragnar wasn't certain if it was a trap exactly, but such submission would not be so freely given.

"I imagine so, when one values their people and kingdom more than their pride," Ragnar replied, resisting the urge to shift in the saddle. This felt like a conversation that he'd much rather Ove to handle. An alliance was just an alliance, not something they particularly needed one way or the other, but voluntary vassalage? That would have a significant impact on Father's future plans. "But one cannot help but wonder what price would be paid for one to swallow their pride in such a way."

"Your father is renowned for his repayment of loyal service," Lucas began and Ragnar felt a deliberate shift in the air. "King Causantín has his crown as the result of a compromise. Few truly desire him to be king, he was merely chosen because he was the least offensive to all of the Clans." Ragnar got the impression that Lucas was more than a little biased, but he ignored that in favor of zeroing in on what he was building up to.

'How easily he speaks of loyalty when he plots treason.' Ragnar wasn't surprised. And he knew Father would find such a thing viscerally offensive, but Ragnar had grown up surrounded by such people. Father filtered them out as much as he was able to, but the truth of it was that he was used to people looking at him and not seeing him, but an opportunity to get close to his father.

"Something I imagine would change with proper support," Ragnar replied evenly. The shape of the conversation had revealed itself. Lucas was making a bid to become king of Alba. In exchange, he would submit to Father's rule.

"Things have changed already," Lucas neither confirmed nor denied. "It is only a question of how great of a change there shall be and how much King Causantín struggles to keep a crown adorned upon his brow."

"A lot, I imagine. I've met quite a few kings in my time, and all treat their crowns as a part of themselves more dear than their own hearts," Ragnar said, earning a thin grim smile from Lucas. "However, if such a fight is to be had, it would be by their supporters."

Lucas inclined his head to Ragnar as they trotted along the path. "If such an event were to occur, then my clan would be counted upon. Others within King Causantín's camp are wavering in their support as well. I cannot say such a thing would be bloodless, but if handled decisively, most would think better of raising their blades for a fallen king." That was a rather optimistic view of things, but not entirely wrong. It fed into the same reasons why his father didn't simply have Charlemagne killed.

One part of it was Father's heartfelt respect for the Emperor as a rival. The other part was that the easiest way to ensure legitimacy was to vanquish the enemies of your predecessor. Which Father would undoubtedly be considered the greatest of by Charlemagne's successors. It was a rallying effect, and one that Ragnar expected would play out in Alba to restore the deposed king. Against Lucas, who many would point to and claim that he tossed away the pride of the kingdom for a crown.

There would be resistance, and it wasn't the kind that could be honestly settled with a battle. As much as Grandfather claimed credit for it, everyone knew that his unification of Norway was because of Father's initial conquest. Alba was an established kingdom with a history stretching back to before the fall of the Roman Empire, who they stoutly resisted until the Romans finally built a wall to keep them out of the south.

'A garrison would be necessary. Both to keep him honest, and to keep him on the throne.' Ragnar was putting the pieces together in the back of his mind, crafting the letter that he would send to his father with all haste. It would complicate things more than Father would care for, but if handled correctly, this was a substantial opportunity.

"And, of course, for such a thing to manifest, there would need to be… guarantees to ensure both sides uphold their obligations," Lucas continued.

Not unexpected, still he couldn't deny a shifting in his guts at that.

Marriage.

"That is understandable," Ragnar acknowledged with a nod. "However, I cannot speak for myself in such matters. The decision belongs to my father."

"I would expect nothing else-" Lucas began, only to be cut off by the sound of a horn blowing. He frowned in the direction of it, "That is… unusual. They'll scare away the game."

"An ambush?" Ragnar questioned as his bodyguards mustered and got into place, searching the trees for any sign of it. If there was an ambush, they had lost the element of surprise. But in the long silence that followed, Ragnar could hear the shouts of panic echoing through the forest.

"If it is, then it is not for us," Lucas remarked.

After a moment of thought, Ragnar urged his horse forward and they slowly approached the source of the commotion. Evidently, they weren't that far away from the king's party because it didn't take them that long to see traces of them in the form of an outrider.

Lucas called out for the rider to stop before they exchanged a handful of words, and based on the sound of it, it wasn't good news for Lucas because he went bloodless. Slowly, he turned to Ragnar, and he could see the Pict debate the merits of lying or not before he spoke. "Someone tried to assassinate the king."

"... What?" Ragnar blurted, caught flat footed.

"King Causantín has been wounded -- an arrow in his shoulder. It… seems as if he has been poisoned. He will likely die."

Well… that certainly complicated things, didn't it?

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Lucerna, pa$$word and 508 others
Ideas-Guy
Mar 25, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Proposal New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 1, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,407
To say that the clans of Alba were less than pleased with the attack on their king was something of an understatement. For all that they griped and undermined the man, the moment that he was attacked, they treated it as a personal slight. And for all they quarreled over petty differences and ancient offenses, they would stand united against a common enemy.

If they could agree who the enemy was, that is.

"He's still alive?" Ragnar asked no one in particular in the room. They had been relocated from the keep to an estate outside of the city. Though, calling it an estate would have been a touch generous even if it wasn't functionally a prison, albeit one guarded by five hundred of his personal guards. No accusations had been spoken out loud, but they had absolutely been thought.

"For now," Magnus answered. "It struck him in the back, and it seems like it struck a lung."

"Bad placement," Harald remarked. "But survivable."

A wound like that entirely depended on the strength of the man who was wounded, the skills of the doctor, and the will of the gods. King Causantín seemed like a hale man, but the clans had refused any offer of using their physicians to help treat the king. There was another factor at play as well, "He's fading unusually fast from the sounds of it."

"Poison?" Magnus prompted, and Ragnar shrugged. "If they were going to use poison, why not slip something into his drink? Why wait until there were so many people around?"

"Probably because they wanted to use the people as a cover," Harald guessed with a shrug of his shoulders, but he raised a fair theory.

"Have the dogs found a scent?" Ragnar asked, earning a cocked eyebrow from Harald, as if to say 'How would I know?' Ragnar sighed, scratching at his cheek and tossing himself onto the straw bed tucked in the corner of the farm house. "Ove will know. I suppose we have to wait until he returns."

Ove was currently with the clans, trying to smooth over any ruffled feathers and to see if there was still a way that they could get what they came for -- an alliance. He certainly had a task in front of him. Ragnar imagined that the near assassination of their king would complicate things, especially if King Causantín died after the fact. His heir was a young boy, so a conclave would likely happen to choose the next king amongst the clans.

"King Causantín, King Ecgfrith, King Æthelred… a lot of kings get assassinated on this island," Magnus said. "A response to our arrival, or something else?"

"I doubt that it's Charlemagne. A more unified Britannia is one that can resist us better. It wouldn't be in his interests to cause chaos for us to exploit," Ragnar voiced his thoughts before he glanced at Magnus. "King Ecbert?"

"Maybe," Magnus offered a shrug. "Charlemagne intends to use him as a meatshield, and Ecbert intends to use that support to make a play for the entirety of Britannia?"

"Does it matter?" Harald cut in with a frown. "We don't have any proof. Right now, half of the clans are convinced that we tried to kill their king and the other half only doubt it. Blaming some petty king in the South only makes it look like we're shirking blame." Another fair point by Harald.

"So the only way to clear our name would be to find the culprit?" Ragnar mused, his lips thinning at the thought. Something that would be a little difficult given that they were 'strongly encouraged to remain in the estate for their own safety.' In other words, the clans wanted them where they could see them.

Harald grunted from across the room but there was a long lull in the conversation before he broke it. "We don't have to bother with clearing our name." That made both Ragnar and Magnus look at him, so he continued. "When the king dies, there is going to be a succession crisis. We've started making some inroads with the clans… We could commit. All the way."

"A coup?" Ragnar uttered, sitting up and casting a nervous glance around the room. If anyone managed to overheard them, then they managed to get through five hundred of their bodyguards, so it wasn't a real concern but the mere thought made him nervous. "That…"

It was doable. Probably. It'd be messy. Very messy. There wasn't a possibility that Alba would be able to commit any forces to the inevitable battle against Ecbert, but that wasn't strictly a concern. The real issue was…

"We haven't received word from Father," Magnus pointed out. And they weren't likely to with the assassination. "I don't know what he would want us to do here. Beyond maybe just leaving entirely."

It was possible. Probable, even. Father had sent them to negotiate an alliance, and it was made quickly apparent that there were significant forces at play here when they found that a pair of Paladins had been waiting for them. If Father had known about them, then he probably wouldn't have sent them in the first place.

'Would this be a failure, then? Would he be dissapointed?' Would Father be relieved that they were smart enough to quit while they were ahead, or unhappy that they had not persevered, overcame the dangers, and succeeded despite the odds? Because Father always did. Either by force or cleverness, he always managed to succeed in the end. Was this another test for them to prove their worthiness? That they were their father's sons? If not by Father, then perhaps by the gods?

"... I don't know what he would want us to do either," Ragnar admitted. "But… I… don't want to disappoint him."

"... Yeah," Magnus sighed in agreement.

Father cast a long shadow, and he fully expected all of his children to surpass him. If not in every way, then at least in some -- be it as a warrior, a diplomat, a merchant, or as the Allvaldr. Ragnar had spent the entirety of his life trying to live up to that expectation. Father never failed to tell them that he was proud of them, but that wasn't the expectation that Ragnar had placed on himself. Father would sometimes get a look in his eyes when one of them did something that blew past his already high expectations. A gleam that went deeper than pride and became a genuine joy of what Ragnar's siblings were capable of.

"The way I see it, we have two real choices," Ragnar started, his voice low and even. "We can cut our losses in Alba and wait for an alliance once the dust settles… or we could follow up on the offer Lucas presented to us -- making him king in exchange for vassalage. Anything in the middle isn't worth the risk."

Magnus wavered, tapping his finger on his crossed arms. A habit that Aunt Jill hadn't managed to break him out of when Magnus was thinking hard about something. "They won't just bend the knee for a crown. The clans would need to be broken before they really accept such a thing."

"Which gives us leverage over whoever we make king," Ragnar pointed out. As he did so, he realized which path he was favoring. With a glance at Magnus, he saw that his brother was leaning the same way. "It'll require a lot of resources. Maybe a dedicated force, but we could weaken him enough to be dependent on Father but strong enough that we won't need to worry about him being usurped."

'It really is too much, isn't it?' The thought came unprompted when they shared a glance, realizing that they were committing themselves to a dangerous path. A path that Father may not wish them to tread and one that wouldn't be without its consequences. 'Overthrowing a kingdom just for one man's approval?'

There were other reasons, of course. Long term plans and advantages that would echo out over decades if not centuries. But…

Ragnar would be a liar if he said if any one of them was the reason he decided to walk the more dangerous path.


…
​

The preparation for what amounted to a coup was slow at first. Like them, most of the clans were 'encouraged' to remain indoors for their own safety. Though, to an admittedly less rigorous standard. Messengers had to run back and forth between the clans, and as the night wore on, several things became clear.

King Causantín wasn't long for the world. That, and whoever shot him in the back had been part of the King's own party as the hounds had tracked the scent that far before it was lost.

Ragnar had a theory on who it could be, but he didn't have enough proof to make an accusation one way or another.

Regardless of that, most of the groundwork for a coup had already been laid. It was only an issue of convincing those that had laid the foundations to commit to the act, even if they had to rush it.

Which was how Ragnar found himself sneaking out under the cover of darkness late into the night. Yet, it was impossible to completely obscure his arrival to Lucas' clan. Even if their departure was missed, someone would see or say something that would tip off his arrival. For that reason, Magnus and Harald would both approach other clans under the guise of trying to coax them into supporting the alliance even if the king died. Nothing that wouldn't already be expected of them.

After all, tonight was a night for plotting.

Ragnar arrived at a clan building within the city, the guards at the back entrance taking note of his two guards, but Ragnar pushed back his hood to confirm his identity. They said something in Gaelic, but stepped aside to let him enter what looked to be a pantry. He saw kegs lining shelves, and meats hanging on hooks to dry alongside bundles of herbs. The door shut behind him, and Ragnar stepped forward before the other person in the room revealed themselves.

They weren't who Ragnar expected to meet.

"It's not a trap," Maeve remarked, stepping out of the shadows. Then she blinked, tilting her head ever so slightly, "Ah, well, I suppose it is a trap, just not the kind you were prepared for."

Well, that wasn't exactly a promising start. Ragnar raised an eyebrow, inviting an explanation.

Maeve offered a sly smile, "We've been unchaperoned for five entire seconds. As far as anyone will care, you've gone and made off with my virtue. After all, how can a girl like me ever resist the charms of a noble prince?" She punctuated the sarcastic explanation with a dry laugh.

Ah. So, it's like that then? "I'll take that as a sign that your clan doesn't intend to uphold the betrothal?"

"Never a chance of that," Maeve confirmed with a nod of her head, taking a seat on a barrel and gesturing for him to sit on a crate across from her. "I don't dislike the poor boy, or anything like that. He's a sweet enough child. Brings me flowers sometimes," she mused softly, her smile taking a sad twist. "But we were never going to be married. If not this excuse to break off the betrothal, then it would have been another. The betrothal was just a way to buy a truce so that both sides could gain their strength."

Ragnar hummed, unsurprised by the information. "And I was a convenient excuse. A prince from a powerful empire, so reprisals are unlikely. It also puts you in a position to strong arm me for a marriage to solidify terms."

"Exactly right," Maeve confirmed openly and honestly. "There is a bit more to it than that, of course. Your father scares the hells right out of most of the clans, you know? We've been fighting against the Southerners for as long as there have been people on this island, and your father is walking over them like they're dirt under his heels. They'll bluster and beat their chest talking about gods and God, but the truth of it is, they know that if you really wanted our lands you could just take them."

She offered a theatrical shrug of her shoulders, "So, a son of the great Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed stealing away the virtue of a good and honest woman like myself is an indication of favor. Since all you boys prefer doing your thinking with your bollocks rather than your brains."

"Good and honest?" Ragnar echoed with a tilt of his head, and the smile he got at that felt a bit more genuine.

"'Course, marriage would be a stronger indication," Maeve continued as if he hadn't said anything. "Nothing manages to bind interests together like a few words, a ceremony, and smashing pissers."

"You forgot to add eloquent to your descriptors," Ragnar remarked.

"If one praises their virtues too much, they risk being seen as unvirtuous," Maeve replied, as if it should have been obvious. "But the point is, with a strong enough indication, all that chest beating and bleating like a bunch of angry goats becomes just that."

Marriage was something that felt so very distant yet had managed to loom over Ragnar's thoughts, especially of late. Father told them that he would try to make such a match for them where even if they couldn't find love, they could at least find happiness with their spouse. However, as princes and princesses, their marriages were less unions and more of a means to seal a contract between parties. Maeve put it best -- few things were more iron clad at the negotiation table than a marriage.

Promises and betrothals could be broken, but marriage and the intermingling of blood were final. By becoming kin, interests merged, assets were coalesced, and foes became mutual.

Ragnar never once thought that he would marry for love. He was prepared to marry someone he detested, even. So long as it served Father and the realm. That was his duty as a prince and as a loyal son.

"That won't serve my father's interests," Ragnar replied, making Maeve's gaze sharpen just a touch. "My father prefers stability. The fact of the matter is that, it does not benefit the empire if another party, such as the Romans, Abbasids, or even the Khazars are able to undermine a king in the way that our arrival has managed to."

Maeve made a show of thinking about it, "I suppose that makes sense." She acknowledged, leaving the door open for elaboration.

"When my father was forging the empire, he did so by creating kingdoms. Some smaller than Alba, while others were larger. The two exceptions to this was Norway, who offered my mother to him as a bride, and Saxony, where King Widukind conducted a purge of the problematic elements within his kingdom, so that Father could wipe the slate clean before he abdicated."

"Then why call him King Windukind?" Maeve questioned sharply, for what purpose, Ragnar could only guess at.

"Because he is a true king, and a man my father holds in the highest respect. He now serves as an adviser for my family," he answered. "The point being, with the power of the clans, it would be more in our interest to go with the latter example. And the easiest way to do that is if their chest beating and bleating became action so that we'd be better able to break their power."

Maeve did something unexpected as she kicked her legs back and forth against the barrel. She smiled. "Including my own? After all, a king with too much power on this far away island would be just as problematic as one with too little. Few things give someone a fatter head than a crown, after all. With enough resources and influence, some crowned idiot could sway the whole island in rebelling, and I imagine that would be quite the pain for the Allvaldr across the North Sea. Raising armies is expensive and time consuming, with one defeat could mean that the islands simply wouldn't be worth the cost to retake."

She was building up to something. Ragnar wasn't sure what yet, but her logic was sound. He just wasn't sure how honest he wanted to be.

By all accounts, she was right. To achieve what Ragnar wanted, then her clan's power would need to be curtailed alongside the others. Their powerbase would be wider, but shallower. But, he imagined that would be a hard negotiation point to sell them on. So, he had mostly been planning to undercut them in secret and by the time they realized, it would be far too late.

"The shape of my father's plans for Britannia are still undecided," Ragnar replied instead of commenting on her observations. "As you say, securing the islands will be a significant investment. There is no promise that future Allvaldrs will be as powerful as my father. In all likelihood, they won't be. So, in times of strife, it could be relatively easy for the islands to feel comfortable in rebelling."

Father, of course, had plans for such a thing. The North Sea wasn't a large one, but it was dangerous. Without warning, the skies could turn from cloudless to a storm, and the calm seas could rage until they dropped waves the size of mountains on unlucky ships. To secure the islands, they would need to project their presence upon them, and to do that…

Well, that wasn't important at the moment.

"Hmmm?" Maeve hummed, and he had the feeling she saw through his sidestepping of her observation. "So he might just decide to not bother with us at all? That'd be disappointing."

That wasn't the response he expected, "Disappointing?"

"I rather liked the image you painted for me," Maeve admitted and he felt like she was being honest, there. "Alba isn't a rich land. Not like the South is. What isn't mountains are hills. There's not much farmland, so we breed goats and sheep, and that keeps the land that we do have used for grazing. There probably isn't a single even road in the kingdom, and while the land isn't lacking in other resources, no clan alone has the resources to properly exploit them… and they're too proud to ask for help."

A loud dramatic sigh escaped her, "Pride really is a stupid thing. So many would rather choke on it than swallow it." Then her gaze settled heavily on Ragnar, "So, I wanted to see what the kingdom could become without all those unnecessary things getting in the way."

Ragnar felt a shift in the air that he couldn't quite understand. This started to feel less like a negotiation between his empire and her clan, and instead it felt… personal.

"There is another way to secure your grip on these islands," Maeve continued after a beat, leaning forward. "Hey, prince… what do you think about becoming king?"

"What?" He blurted, so caught off guard that the reaction slipped out. At it, Maeve gave him a vaguely disappointed look with a shake of her head.

"You didn't even consider it? That's no good. You're a prince! You should have a little more ambition," she scolded him. "It wouldn't even be that difficult to pull off. You marry me, and one or two other girls from the other major clans. The rest will rebel, of course -- you're a no good dastardly foreigner who covets the crown. But, with your father's resources and the loyal clans, their defeat would be all but certain. Strip them of their lands and resources, and you have the means of establishing your own base of power in Alba."

'This girl…

Maeve raised a finger, as if she were ticking off points. "With a loyal son and prince of the realm in charge of Alba, your father wouldn't need to worry about who controls 'Britannia.' And with you here, whoever else he places in charge of the various kingdoms he carves out, the presence of the royal family will be felt, reducing their willingness to act independently. Additionally, outright seizing the kingdoms means that you have a base of power for your war against the Romans when that finally starts."

… is a little too smart.'

Ragnar wasn't dull. He absorbed everything that his tutors had to teach him. He picked up languages with ease. He wasn't sure how smart he really was, but he did know that he was smart. Sometimes he even learned things faster than Father did. But this felt different.

"I'm sure your brother would take issue with that," Ragnar deflected… and at her smile, he was struck with a revelation. "He has no idea that I'm here, does he?"

"I love my brother," Maeve said, and that sounded honest, at least. "But he is a really oblivious guy. It's a lot of work covering up his shortcomings as it is, but as a king? That'd kill him." She let out a disappointed sigh with a shake of her head, "He's exactly the kind of guy that'd let all the power go straight to his head. The Alba that I want to see can't be real under his rule."

His thoughts must have shown on his face because she pointed a finger at him, "Don't go thinking that I'd betray my family on a whim. I'd do anything for them. It's just that in this case, what's best for them is not getting what they want."

"So, in this ideal Alba, I'm king, you are my queen, and Alba becomes a vassal to the Scandinavian Empire?" He voiced, trying to tell if this was simple ambition or something greater. Or worse. He hadn't even considered the possibility. It could work. Father was both the Allvaldr and King of Denmark. Should he be formally selected as Heir, then Alba would be his personal fief to give him a power base to work with.

Every point she made rang with a note of reason and truth. It wasn't a path forward he would have considered, but it was one. Especially when it completely removed the negatives of having to deal with a puppet king whose loyalty was dubious at best.

"That about sums it up," Maeve agreed with a nod, lowering her accusing finger, her gaze searching him for hints of his answer.

"Why?" He asked, summarizing all of his questions in a single word. He wasn't strictly against the idea. It felt like something that his father would approve of. Be proud of. But all of it hinged on Maeve, a girl whom he spoken to all of two times, including this one. And all he really knew about her was that she was dangerous.

Dangerous in the same kind of way that Aunt Morrigan was.

"Because I want more," Maeve answered so bluntly that it couldn't be anything other than true. "More for myself. For my family. For Alba." As she spoke, she stood up and took a step forward, looming over Ragnar before leaning in so close that their faces were practically touching. "So? How about it? Want to get married?"

It was exactly that moment that Ragnar began to suspect that there was something deeply wrong with him. Bradamante was one of the most beautiful women that he had ever seen, and she'd nearly killed him. Maeve, however, scared him on a level that felt instinctual, and in that moment, she seemed every bit as beautiful.

"Ah… if you wouldn't mind, I suppose."

He just needed to figure out how he was going to tell Father about all of this.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jcg, Andell, Lucerna and 533 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 1, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Best Laid Plans New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,442
Haldur hadn't stopped laughing since I broke the seal, read the letter penned by my eldest son, then started pacing. His curiosity had gotten the better of him and with a dismissive gesture, I let him read it. A mistake on my part because my brother had tears in his eyes and he was wheezing, entirely too amused with himself.

I had expected some difficulties navigating the diplomatic waters of Alba. While I wasn't too familiar with them in any meaningful degree, experience had taught me what to expect from the quarrelsome clans. Old feuds and infighting between different clans and inside of each of them, all trying to tear each other down -- not to rise higher, but because they would rather see their enemies in the mud with them than see them rise above them.

It was going to be a challenge for my boys, but I had confidence that they'd get the job done. And even if they failed, it would be a good experience for them. I thought I had prepared myself for every possibility -- success, failure, anything from Alba becoming steadfast allies to outright enemies. But the letter contained a possibility that I hadn't imagined and for the life of me, I couldn't tell if that was a good thing or not.

"Would you quit laughing already? You're my advisor. Advise." I grumbled at the red in the face Haldur who had tears in his eyes that he had to wipe away while stifling his giggles.

"Sorry, sorry -- it's just that, the boy was so mild-mannered. Between you and Astrid, I always thought he'd be a bit more brash," Haldur nearly started laughing again. "Then he goes and pulls a stunt like this! Now you know how the rest of us felt when we heard about your exploits. Mother's heart about went still in her chest when she heard what you got up to in Saxony."

I had to look away from my brother to hide the faint grin tugging at my lips but based on how he wheezed, he saw it all the same. "Shut it," I commanded him, having no expectation that the order would be obeyed. Picking up the letter, I read the contents again in the vague hope that I had misread the runes. No such luck there.

It was impossible for me to mistake Ragnar's handwriting, so I knew it came from him. It even read like his letters -- direct, including important details about the series of events around him, and then offering a few thoughts and his reasoning for his course of action. That action being a bid to become king and marry what amounted to a princess of the Picts.

A girl, who as Magnus described in his own letter -- 'As dangerous as she is fair, and she is the fairest girl in the kingdom.'

Which muddled things a bit for me. Ove's letter made it clear that the offer was genuine and had great potential within the kingdom, if for a price that could only be paid in blood. But Ragnar and Magnus weren't boys anymore. They were of the age where lust started to weigh heavily on the scales of their thinking, usually at the expense of common sense.

"The biggest issue I see with it would be his age," Haldur got himself under control so they could now discuss the practicality of such an arrangement. "He must have conducted himself well if the possibility is being entertained at all, but the fact is that he's too young to be king."

"They intend to make him a puppet," I voiced, a low growl in the back of his throat. Alba and the clans would bend the knee, but they intended to take my son's teeth from him. They intended to make him dependent on their support within the kingdom and entrench their own influence in the time it took for Ragnar to grow into himself.

"Aye," Haldur agreed. "But their attempts would help ease the transition. If we go in and openly put his butt on a throne, then it's a blatant power grab on our part. However, if one of them pushes him forward and acts as a form of regent, the whole thing will go over much smoother."

"The king was assassinated and it's a succession crisis. It's going to be rough no matter what," I pointed out, walking around the room as I reread the letter again. "With a strong enough force, we can circumvent those strings they're trying to put on my boy."

"At the cost of turning this into a conflict that couldn't be settled before our departure," Haldur pointed out, and I raised an eyebrow in his direction. He considered the point before nodding, "Aye, it's not likely to. Doesn't matter how much they like us, we'd still be putting foreign blood on their throne. And I don't think they like us that much to begin with."

"It's worth the risk," I voiced my thoughts.

"A kingdom served up on a silver platter? Of course it is," Haldur agreed. "But are you really going to let your boy stay on this island for years on end? Alone?" He asked a question, but his tone made it clear he knew what the answer would be.

"Absolutely not," I confirmed. Ragnar was too young. Far too young. He had his arm ring, but he wasn't a man yet. He wasn't ready for the burdens of being a king, especially in a kingdom so unsteady. "His mother would kill me."

Haldur snorted, "She's likely to do so anyways. You take the boy on his first raid and he comes back married."

He meant it as a jest, but the idea inspired a thought. "We go through with the marriage. Secure the alliance against the anglo-saxons. Then we depart as planned, but we leave a garrison force to uphold our interests until Ragnar is ready to assume the throne."

Haldur frowned, having his doubts. "I imagine the situation is going to be very different five years from now. King Causantín isn't even dead yet and they're squabbling over who succeeds him. Five years from now, I imagine they would have settled on someone."

"I doubt that," I replied. "The kings of this land have been dropping like flies this season. I don't think that will change after our departure." A plan was starting to put itself together in the back of my mind. It wasn't a possibility that I expected to drop into our laps, but Ragnar was right to attempt to seize control over it.

"I hope that isn't a declaration of intent?" Haldur raised an eyebrow at me, and I chuckled.

"Not of mine. Ecbert's," I voiced, setting Ragnar's letter aside before I took a seat near a balcony. Our forces were slowly combing the northern lands of Britannia towards Alba. Northumbria hadn't managed to offer any true resistance to slow us down.

"You honestly think he's behind it all?" Haldur questioned, and I shrugged.

Our progress with the raid had been steady. Faster now that word of us had well and truly spread. The situation in Northumbria was a farce. King Osbald, who took the crown after King Æthelred of Northumbria had been assassinated, lasted all of three weeks before being deposed by the now King Eardwulf. Something King Osbald took issue with and he was now rallying the nobility and other forces within the petty kingdom in a bid to reclaim his crown.

By all accounts, his bid to become king again wasn't going great. Actually, it was going quite poorly. But the situation was such an obscene mess that the nobles who didn't flee their estates or holdings with as much wealth they could carry simply threw open the doors for their raiding parties in the hopes that the rumors of our merciful nature were true. The nobles who fled of course flocked to Ecbert and Wessex, as the weak flocked to those that were strong.

Out of all of the monarchs on Britannia, Ecbert was the only one who could be called strong. And, day by day, his strength was growing. The nobles who fled took as much of a town's treasury as they could, alongside their own personal wealth. All that wealth was being served up to Ecbert on a silver platter, alongside worthwhile courtiers entering his court because, even if they might be cowards, they were smart enough to know that there was no hope of reinforcements, much less victory.

"His intentions become clearer," I replied with a nod. "He has the means to offer a proper battle, and he knows it. Yet, he does little more than nip at our heels and offer the occasional skirmish. Despite there being calls to attack and some even labeling him a coward for not being more aggressive."

Haldur tilted his head, "You think its all just a ploy then? Smoke and mirrors?"

"Not entirely," I replied. "If he senses the possibility of victory, then I imagine that he will pounce on it. I don't believe that he intends to offer a proper battle. I think he's preparing to usurp Mercia and even Northumbria from their kings. He gets the wealth and his pick of nobles from their courts, and when we depart, he will be in a perfect situation to usurp their crowns."

It was exceedingly pragmatic. Ruthlessly so. Ecbert was turning himself into the face of resistance against us all while undermining it. And I suspected that I wasn't the only one who had figured that out. Otherwise, there were far more effective places to send two Paladins than Alba. I had known Astolfo hailed from Mercia, and there he would have been a strong rallying figure. But in Alba? As a representative from Rome and a petty kingdom that Alba had quarreled with since the Roman Empire fell?

That was a move that could only be explained by Charlemagne losing faith in his pawn. That was a move determined to prevent me from gaining further advantage on Britannia.

"And us having a strong ally on the islands wouldn't be helpful to that goal," Haldur followed my line of thought. "That's no promise that he will interfere, however."

"He will if he has good reason to," I refuted, making Haldur tilt his head. "As it stands, Alba is a far-off threat for Ecbert. However, if it were to encroach on what he intends to make his new borders…"

Haldur understood instantly. "You wish to divide Northumbria," he guessed and I confirmed it with a nod. In terms of landmass Northumbria was the greatest of the petty kingdoms, though Mercia boasted a larger population. Well, it did. I was uncertain if that was still true. "That would certainly help soothe the bitter taste of swallowing their pride."

It wasn't a perfect balance, but it was enough to satisfy our goals. Walking over to a nearby table, I pushed back a few papers to reveal the map that I had been building little by little. Our scouts and raiding parties were filling in the great blank that my Map had been when we first arrived, revealing mineral deposits and soil fertility. While it was still incomplete, it was enough to reveal that Britannia was a rich land for farming.

Expanding Alba significantly would overstretch it, especially with an unruly populace. That would make it unsteady and prevent the solidification of power in the crucial years. Then, upon our return, should Ragnar truly wish it, he would be in the perfect position to become king. Likewise, Ecbert wouldn't be able to consolidate his own power on the island by the time we returned with the intent of conquest.

Yet, to the Picts and Alba as a whole, it would be seen as a most generous gift. An expansion of their borders beyond what they had ever managed in their history.

A true poisoned chalice.

"When shall the Picts receive their gift?" Haldur questioned and I offered a thin smile.

"When they offer my son a bride."


…
​

It took three days for King Causantín to die. For most of that time he was delirious with a fever, and when he wasn't, he was slumbering like he was already dead. Ragnar hadn't been permitted to offer his respects to the ailing king in person, but from the rumors that swirled, the king didn't die a good death, nor a gentle one before his body failed him.

Three days felt like a long time. Longer still to die. But, in the grand scheme of things, it was hardly any time at all. Enough time for a letter to be sent to Father about the marriage offer but not enough time to receive a reply. Meanwhile, things in Alba were… unstable.

"Are you stupid?" Magnus asked his favorite question over the past few days once more.

"Probably. I mean, at least a little bit," he replied, giving his brother a flat glare. One that Magnus had grown immune to since they were boys. "Any particular reason why you're asking again, or is it still about Maeve?"

"It's absolutely about Maeve," Magnus replied with a disappointed shake of his head. "You met the girl once, and you're tripping over yourself to marry her."

"Be fair, Magnus." Harald said with absolutely no intention to help, "the offer came with a kingdom attached to it."

"Another thing," Magnus continued, seated at the top of a hill to watch Perth from afar. The city was in a frenzy, not unlike an anthill getting kicked open. "Are you really planning to live here? Away from Denmark? It won't be for another five years before Father conquers these islands. You'd be alone in hostile territory. Were you even thinking at all?"

"Oh, he was. Just with his-" Harald started to quip and Ragnar waved them both off.

"Enough of that," he protested, giving them both a mild glare. "The match… It's a fine one. I'll leave the details for Father to hammer out." Meave had left the storeroom very pleased, but he hadn't seen her since. Yet, the movements of such a marriage were set into motion. Ove was discussing what such a union might bring to Alba and the Scandinavian Empire.

It hadn't yet reached a point that it couldn't be called off, but without ample reason to oppose it the marriage would go ahead. Meaning, quite soon, he would be a married man. It didn't feel real yet. He expected to be plagued with doubts and uncertainty after giving his consent to such a match, because Magnus wasn't wrong. Maeve wasn't someone he knew well, but she did feel like someone that he understood.

"There's no way that he'd leave you behind when it comes time to return. Your mother would actually kill him," Magnus continued all the same. "So, at the very least, you'll be coming back with us."

"Which means I'll probably be married soon," Ragnar reasoned. He wasn't sure what the future held, but he had a feeling that it involved a scolding. He didn't mind the thought. It felt… kind of good, to make a decision like this, regardless of what the circumstances were. It was the feeling of taking control of his own fate with his own hands.

However, before the pair could fuss over details, Ragnar caught sight of something interesting. A party was gathering up at the entrance of Perth -- at first, Ragnar assumed it was another clan that intended to return home to prepare for the succession crisis, but that thought was proven wrong when he saw familiar plate armor. It was the Romans. They were leaving, with Bradamante and Astolfo at their head.

"Seems like they know that they've lost," Harald remarked.

"I'm more surprised that they're being allowed to leave," Magnus added. "As it stands, they're the ones that suspicion is falling on for the king's assassination."

"More like the Picts realize that they couldn't keep them here even if they tried," Harald replied. He had the right of it, more or less. With the king dead, the clans of Alba weren't ready to make their stance between Scandinavia or Rome clear. So, it was simply easier to let them go.

The Romans, for their part, realized that if they lingered too long that opinion would change and they would become a natural scapegoat.

Still, it seemed like a shame. Enough so that Ragnar began to move forward before his mind really began to register what he was doing. It was just such a shame, he felt. The Romans weren't exactly stealing away in the dead of night, but they weren't receiving a proper send off that they were due either. And that was simply unacceptable.

Ragnar made his way down the ridge and towards the city -- his approach was hardly stealthy, so the Romans saw his approach long in advance. They weren't greeted with any warmth. Just frosty glares that bordered contempt, which made Astolfo's easy going smile that much of a contrast.

"Oh! Prince Rags is here to see us off? What an honor," Astolfo said, and in another, Ragnar might take that as sarcasm. But, Astolfo wore an honest smile.

"I thought someone should," he admitted. Astolfo smiled in a way that told Ragnar that he knew that wasn't all that he came down here for. There was a question that he wanted to ask, but wasn't sure if he really wanted the answer.

He had been caught off guard by the Romans' presence. He had been so focused on what their arrival meant for the negotiations that he'd never stopped to think about why they were there in the first place. After all… why send two Paladins to a place like Alba at all? One would have surely sufficed, but not sending any would have worked just as well.

There was no gentle way to phrase the question. "Were you sent here to kill me?"

Astolfo didn't tense at the question. He didn't look surprised either. "Ah… well, not in so many words, but more or less, yeah," he admitted with an almost casual ease.

That was the only thing that made sense. The Romans had to know that any alliance with the Picts would be short-lived. It simply wasn't practical to maintain and the leadership of Alba would realize that as well eventually.

"Then why didn't you?" He asked, his gaze sliding to Bradamante, whose expression was impassive. They'd had the means. They'd had the opportunity. And they most certainly had the motivation. Yet, he was still alive, and unless they struck him down now, that would continue. Meaning that they had accomplished nothing on this trip and they would return as failures to their Emperor.

It was Bradamante who answered, "My Emperor laments that he did not slay your father when he had the chance." She started, not exactly disproving his point. "He came to him, a boy your age, as a spy. One whose presence had been betrayed by an ally in his own camp. Your father was alone, surrounded, and not yet the warrior that he would grow into."

Then something in her eyes softened ever so slightly. "Emperor Charlemagne laments this opportunity, but I believe that even should God allow him to go back in time, he would make the same choice. For my Emperor is not a man who would carelessly order the death of a child who had not yet done him any wrong."

"You take after your old man a little too much, Rags," Astolfo remarked before he saddled his horse. "I think you have it in you to be a great Allvaldr one day. And whatever happens between our nations… we can hardly call ourselves respectable adults if we go making that your problem before you're old enough, can we?"

Bradamante mounted her horse and the Roman delegation began to move forward while Ragnar struggled to muster a response. What could he say to that? A mere thank you seemed so underwhelming. "I…" He started, only to falter as he looked between the two.

"Take care, Rags!" Astolfo said, urging his horse forward and giving an enthusiastic wave goodbye. Bradamante offered a slight inclination of her head before she followed her senior Paladin, leaving Ragnar to watch them go.

Leaving so much unsaid. And, as he watched them go, he truly hoped that he never saw either of them again…

Because Astolfo's warning from before rang with a fatal truth -- that the next time they met, it would be on the battlefield, and they wouldn't part as friends.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Andell, Nova_, Lucerna and 494 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 8, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Wedding Bells and Gifts New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 22, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,455
Hjalmar saw the island of Mann spring up from the heavy fog that clung to the lazy sea. They approached at half speed, him and fifteen thousand warriors spread across around a hundred and fifty ships. The men were eager to get solid ground under their feet again, and he shared their eagerness. He let out a whistle to signal a lad with a strong pair of lungs, prompting him to blow a horn to signal their arrival and that they were on the same side to the town that had sprung up on the barren looking island.

"The man can't help himself," Hjalmar mused with some amusement. "It's as if he's compelled to build cities."

A growing town welcomed them at a natural harbor along the coast. He, alongside several of his commanders and their ships, sailed straight towards the docks that seemed busy while the rest of the men would disembark outside of the town. They were greeted with a large man that vaguely resembled King Hoffer, though that was mostly in how large the man was, at the end of the dock. His legs wobbled just a bit, but he didn't make a fool of himself walking down the deep dock towards the welcome party.

"Hjalmar the Bold," the man greeted him with a wide smile. "I am Hoffer the Short. I rule this town in the name of the Allvaldr. Well met."

"If you are the shortest of your family, then you have the blood of giants in you," Hjalmar greeted the man. The Bold, he called him. It took everything he had not to laugh at that. It made him sound so much grander than he really was. It also put expectations on him that he didn't care for. Why not Hjalmar the Exceedingly Pragmatic? Sure, it was bit of a mouthful but so were half the titles people insisted on being called.

Hoffer laughed a little too sharply for his amusement to be entirely genuine. "We likely do, but I'm the shortest of my brothers. They called me such as a boy, and now everyone calls me so as a man." Ah. Well, now he felt bad. "Welcome to Geymsla. A few moons ago, it wasn't even a fishing village. Now it boasts eight thousand people, be they warriors or thralls."

"The Allvaldr really does work fast," Hjalmar mused as Hoffer welcomed him to follow. He had been a much younger man when he joined the army on the eve of the Conquest. There, over three years, he saw countless plain and unremarkable villages. Then, older and a little more seasoned, he saw towns and cities in the Mediterranean. That experience made the Allvaldr's touch obvious when it came to the layout of the town.

The shapes of the buildings and roads, how they were laid out for easy navigation and mobilization if needed. Where there were clearly defined places for markets that didn't impact the flow of those coming and going… there was a clean organization to the town that often felt lacking in others towns. But, when he considered the population and the number of houses he had seen…

"Aye," Hoffer nodded, sensing his realization as they walked through the streets. Hjalmar saw what he meant about most of the people being thralls, as he saw work crews turning the muddy roads into one's covered in cobblestone. "Most of the buildings are storage. Hence the name." Which did admittedly explain the name -- Geymsla meant storage in Norse.

Hoffer was giving him the tour it seemed and Hjalmar appreciated it. The town had a natural flow to the work that he quickly took notice of. Men brought spoils from the ships, and depending on what they were decided which of the storehouses they were brought to. From there, they would be dumped, organized, and then categorized with appropriate dues being marked down.

From there, Hjalmar saw men carrying barrels and crates full of artifacts made of precious metals. He recognized their type immediately -- crosses, bibles, candlesticks, utensils, and adornments. Laborers tore out the precious jewels in them if they had any, organizing them in piles, before separating the metals that were then melted down into ingots of silver and gold. Once cooled and weighed, they would be stacked up into crates and hauled off to another storeroom. This one under guard by two hundred men, all Ironclads.

"It's a shame to smelt them down," Hoffer admitted while they watched the process unfold. "But we wouldn't be able to carry back half of the spoils if we didn't. We just wouldn't have the room."

"There are worse problems to have," Hjalmar replied. He had encountered a similar issue before his departure from the Mediterranean. Which had him following in the Allvaldr's footsteps -- while most of his forces sailed around the coast of the Roman Empire, a large contingent marched up the Dnieper River with a vast amount of their wealth. It was necessary as even with more than a hundred ships, they just didn't have the room. "I take it that the raid has been a success so far?"

"Enough so that I feel bad for his boys," Hoffer said with a grin. "How do you surpass a man like that?"

'You don't,' Hjalmar figured. 'You just get really good at pretending that it doesn't bother you.' However, he couldn't say that. Especially with unknown ears listening in. "His eldest are part of the raid, aren't they?"

Hoffer nodded, "His eldest boys. Ragnar and Magnus. Eh, well, they might never step out of their father's shadow, but the blood shows. Ragnar snagged the heart of a Pict princess! You lot arrived just in time for the wedding."

Well, that was something of a relief. He had never seen a royal wedding before and he was probably important enough to merit an invitation. Though, he wasn't sure if he wanted to go exactly. Going to the wedding meant meeting the Allvaldr and that would likely involve an explanation about what he was thinking withdrawing from the battle outside of Rome, and taking thousands of Norsemen from King Hoffer as they collectively realized that their unchecked rampage was over.

That was a conversation that felt like it could go really well or extremely poorly for him.

"I suppose I should find a gift for the lad, then," Hjalmar mused. Luckily, he had several boat fulls to choose from. "When and where is the wedding?"

"Glasgow. It's not too far from here, a day's sailing up the coast with the wind at your back," Hoffer answered. "You should have enough time to rest and water your men before you depart my fair city." Meaning he had about three days to prepare himself to meet the Allvaldr once again?

That felt like entirely too much time and not enough.


…
​

Geymsla really was a warehouse rather than a town, and he saw it in action for the two days the men got to unload the cargo and enjoy themselves after many long weeks at sea.

The Allvaldr had swept through Mercia and then Northumbria like a farmer harvesting a crop, making sure that every last grain was accounted for. The massive army he brought was splintered into hundreds of raiding parties, some larger while others were as small as a band of five. They dispersed across the petty kingdoms, looting everything of value down to farming tools. All of that loot was brought to what were now two forts that had been built on the coast, where a similar process of cataloging the spoils occurred to ensure that those that brought it in were credited with their due.

It was then packed off, sent to Geymsla, where it was categorized again, sorted, smelted, or sold at the market that had sprung up. Pretty women or strong backed men were sold at thrall markets, fine goods were hawked by merchants -- things on the mainland, be it the Eyrie or Britannia, for which Irish and Britons were venturing out to the Isle of Mann to buy back what was essentially stolen from them. The Allvaldr even took their charcoal to feed the ever burning furnaces that even still couldn't keep up with demand.

His own wares were similarly categorized, evaluated, and sorted with individual warriors being credited their due. It was a clever little system to push against fraud, either from anyone overevaluating their due or the harbor master undervaluing it to cheat them. Most of their spoils were packed off, some of the men buying and selling at the market.

However, it was hardly as if the Irish or Britons were opening a door, inviting them in and letting them ransack their homes. There were constant skirmishes across the islands. Raids going wrong, ambushes, sheer dumb bad luck -- there were no grand defeats, but there were no grand victories either. Just little by little, the natives of these lands were picking away at their strength. Especially in the bottom half of Northumbria, where their raiding parties were being hunted by King Ecbert.

But any progress that they had made was immediately undone with the arrival of fifteen thousand warriors. And after a brief recovery, they were eager to go back to sea if it meant arriving in time for the royal wedding. Or, rather, the festivities that would follow the wedding.

A guide led a portion of their fleet up the coast to prevent them from getting lost, as Britannia had hundreds of rivers that would lead them down winding paths. The one that they wanted had a large mouth that started to steadily narrow before Hjalmar saw any signs of the city beyond a fishing village located upstream.

Glasgow had been a small town. He saw the traces of it that lingered after the Allvaldr got his hands on the city -- a wall had been quickly erected, grounds were cleared l, while a sea of tents could be found outside of the walls from the Picts and the army that was attending the royal wedding.

His own army would be funneling up the river in batches to avoid overwhelming the small dockyard. However, Hjalmar along with his peers arrived first. And it was there, they were greeted with a familiar face.

"Isulf," Hjalmar greeted his old squadmate back during the Conquest with some warmth. "You look well." While Hjalmar and Ulfar had been chosen by the Allvaldr to go to the Mediterranean, Lokar and Isulf had chosen to remain in Scandinavia to serve there. Trym, however, was a bit like moss that had grown on Hjalmar as the man followed him all the way down to the Mediterranean and back again.

"Same to you, Hjalmar. Ulfar," he returned evenly. Hjalmar didn't take it personally. Isulf was a standoffish man by nature, but he never failed to have his back when it counted. "The Allvaldr welcomes you both and invites you to the palace."

Nothing unexpected there, so Hjalmar offered a small nod before following Isulf. They didn't have to go far. The town wasn't exactly big to begin with, though Hjalmar did see that it was full to the point of bursting. As they walked through the dirt streets, he saw a similar reaction to what they got in Geymsla -- word quickly spread about their arrival with people crowding the streets to get a look at them as they passed, cheering them on as victorious conquerors.

It was a good feeling. And he hoped a good indication of how the Allvaldr felt about what transpired in the Mediterranean.

The palace was more of an estate, and an unimpressive one in comparison to what he saw in the Mediterranean or back home. Still, it served as the lodging for the Allvaldr with walls, a courtyard, and a large building that sat in the heart of it. They didn't enter the estate itself but walked around it, taking them to the gardens.

There, for the first time in five years, he saw the Allvaldr, and he was exactly as he remembered. Unreasonably large with a barrel chest and thick arms, his blood red hair was pulled back out of his face and cut short so that it only brushed his shoulders. His beard was also cut short so as to not hide the scar on his neck. He wore what Hjalmar now recognized as an Arab inspired style of dress with knee high boots, trousers, and elaborately embroidered folded tunic that came down to his knees and was held in place with a blood red silk sash.

"Allvaldr," Hjalmar greeted him alongside his peers, all of them dropping to a knee in his presence.

"Rise," the Allvaldr commanded easily, turning to face them. Then he gestured to two short men that stood nearby, and upon looking at them, Hjalmar realized that they weren't short men but very tall boys. "These are my sons, Prince Ragnar and Prince Magnus. They were eager to meet the heroes of the Mediterranean."

A knot of tension around his heart came undone at his tone, but he was still reeling from the revelation that the two boys were the eldest princes. Both favored their father in looks, including the blood red hair, but they seemed to have inherited their mother's eyes as Ragnar's were a different shade of blue while Magnus had green eyes. They'd also clearly inherited their father's size because if they kept growing as they were, by the time they could grow a beard they'd be a head taller than most.

"We are honored," Hjalmar spoke first. "And we express our congratulations on your marriage, Prince Ragnar."

"I am glad to see that you arrived in time to attend," Prince Ragnar replied in a warm if practiced tone. "My marriage is one cause to celebrate, as are your victories in the Mediterranean."

The interaction was brief. Barely an exchange of pleasantries, but Hjalmar didn't last this long without being able to read people and his immediate impression of Ragnar was that he was cut from the same cloth as his father. They carried themselves in the same way, but Ragnar didn't carry himself as a boy his age should. He carried himself as… well, a prince.

"Victories tempered by a defeat, alas," Ulfar spoke up at Hjalmar's side, both of them standing.

Prince Ragnar inclined his head. "That is true, I suppose. Tell me, how is my Uncle?" He questioned lightly, gently probing at the topic that Hjalmar wanted to avoid. Then, Ulfar, the bastard, glanced at Hjalmar to answer since he was the one who spoke to King Hoffer last before their departure.

Hjalmar thought back on the meeting. How listless King Hoffer had been, slouching in a chair with dark bags under his eyes.

"He seemed…" The temptation was there to lie, but it was hardly as if the royal family couldn't find out. And if he wasn't in trouble now, he would be then. "Defeated, I'm sorry to say. He took the loss outside of Rome quite hard."

Prince Ragnar nodded sadly, but Hjalmar was looking at his father, who wore an even expression that didn't hint at his thoughts.

At least until he spoke, "I'm afraid that was unavoidable." The Allvaldr spoke up with a sigh in his voice. "Hoffer's plan was sound enough, but he misjudged the timing."

"Like I did?" Prince Ragnar questioned, earning a thin smile from the Allvaldr, who rubbed the top of his head affectionately.

"Aye. At least a little bit," The Allvaldr replied, and that felt like a private conversation they were referencing that he didn't have the context for. "Hoffer was right that the kingdom required significant territorial gains to avoid his islands being eventually swallowed up one by one. And Italia was the perfect location to expand to. He also sought to fracture the restored Roman Empire before the foundations had time to settle, which was wise. However, his mistake was thinking that he needed to accomplish both goals at once."

"What should he have done?" Prince Magnus asked, his brow furrowing.

However, the Allvaldr gestured to Hjalmar to answer, making him still for a moment. But, after swallowing the lump in his throat, he voiced the answer to that very question that he had been asking himself since the battle.

"Raiding the north of Italia and Rome would have been enough. We shouldn't have fought at all," Hjalmar voiced his thoughts. "The North was devastated after the raids. The people and lords there would have seen Charlemagne as weak and as a sovereign who couldn't fulfill his obligations to protect them. The whole area would have become a hotbed of sedition, forcing Charlemagne to expend resources to keep the area pacified. And if he couldn't, then Charlemagne would have lost Italia all the same and with it, the symbol of Rome."

It would have taken longer that way. Years. Maybe even a decade. But the Allvaldr would undoubtedly have ways to poke the resulting beehive to make sure that Charlemagne suffered more for it. Maybe by supporting others to revolt in the Roman Empire, who would be emboldened by Charlemagne's distraction. Maybe by way of Hadi of the Abbasids launching his invasion to reclaim all of Hispania and possibly even beyond it.

The point being, it would have taken time, but if King Hoffer had focused on fracturing the Roman Empire, he would have gotten what he wanted eventually.

"Essentially correct," The Allvaldr replied with a nod of his head. "Of course, Hoffer's motivation for rushing is valid. Charlemagne is rather adept at turning rebellions into means of strengthening himself, so it was possible that anything other than a decisive defeat on the battlefield would be recoverable for him. There is also the consideration that while he was king, the kingdom was new and his authority untested."

Hjalmar thought of the mercenaries that had made up the army. Most of them hadn't cared that Hoffer was king or of the fate of the kingdom. They bent the knee and fought under his banner because it was their way of getting rich. Even before the defeat, there had been plenty who decided that they were rich enough and simply vanished in the night with their wealth.

King Hoffer had likely felt the pressure of his army vanishing underneath him as time went on. Or feared that influential mercenary captains would eventually challenge him for his crown. He'd likely thought that he had to do it then or never.

"Though now we do find ourselves in a similar situation," The Allvaldr continued, his gaze taking the measure of him, just as he had before he sent them off to the Mediterranean. "In the coming years, my son will become King of Alba, and that has changed the nature of the plans that we discussed five years ago. Rather than vanishing for another five years, it is my intention to maintain a strong presence on Britannia until we return to finish the conquest as planned."

Not entirely unexpected. The Allvaldr had made it clear that he expected things to change when Charlemagne began to react. And he had been fairly confident the events in the Mediterranean would have an effect on things.

With a gesture, the Allvaldr instructed them to follow alongside his sons, and he led them into a study that looked like it had been repurposed for his use. It might have been a store room since it had a big enough door that the Allvaldr didn't need to duck his head to pass through. There, he brought out a map that seemed impossibly detailed.

He had seen Roman depictions of Britannia, and it looked like a misshapen mass floating in the North Sea. The one before him was marked not just with villages and towns, but rivers, forests, and farmland. It almost felt like too much information.

"Until my son assumes the Alba throne, we must safeguard our interests on Britannia. To this end, I have amended my initial plans for the partition of Britannia," he said, gesturing to a border marked with a thicker line of ink. "Alba will be expanded down to the Hadrian's Wall, while Northumbria and Mercia will be cleaved in two to form a single kingdom."

The partition would make Alba, this new kingdom, and what was currently Wessex roughly equal. In size, at least. He didn't know what the divide would be in population, farm land, and such things. Though he did expect Wessex to be the richer of the kingdoms on account that they bordered the channel between the Roman coast and Britannia.

"Meanwhile," The Allvaldr continued, "All of the Eyrie will be unified under a single banner." Which was the smaller, but still considerable island to the west. "The groundwork for these two kingdoms will be staged from the Island of Mann and Alba over the next five years before we conquer the islands outright. And, when that time comes… those that have safe guarded my son's and my empire's interest will be entitled to a suitable reward."

Crowns.

The Allvaldr was talking about making him a king. A King of a land full of people that the Allvaldr had robbed to the point he took their firewood.

Hjalmar found his mouth as dry as the deserts of Egypt while Ulfar leaned forward with a hungry gleam in his eye, but he found his voice first. "I… don't suppose I could refuse such an honor?" Especially as one of the things that he had heard about this damned island was that its kings had a habit of dropping like flies.

There was a twinkle in the Allvaldr's eyes before he reached out and rested a hand on Hjalmar's shoulder, before delivering his answer in the form of a single word.

"No."

Yeah… he should have figured.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, Nova_ and 513 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 22, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Crafted Appearances New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Apr 29, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,480
Astrid was probably going to murder me once I returned home, but I had accepted such a fate at this point. There was no avoiding it. So, I endeavored to enjoy the time that I had left and watched from above the festivities surrounding my son's wedding.

The location of Glasgow was something of a compromise. Perth was the center of power in Alba, but the kingdom itself was far too destabilized at the moment with the assassination of their king. That, and it would be seen as weakness on my part to allow them to host the wedding. For similar reasons, they were reluctant to come to the stronghold of power that I'd established on the Isle of Mann. Glasgow was just close and unimportant enough that it served as a suitable compromise.

At least in theory, since the small town was completely unequipped to handle the thousands of people that camped outside of its newly erected walls, most of which were my warriors. Hjalmar and Ulfar's army of fifteen thousand men had settled in quickly, but there were still hundreds to thousands that trickled our way after they finished their raid on a town or village. Comparatively, the Picts sent a small party but in terms of wedding guests, it was a small army on their own.

The friction I expected began almost immediately. The Picts were a fractured bunch, but Ragnar was right that they could broadly be placed in two groups -- the Old Picts, which he was marrying into, and the New Clans. Which were Gaelic clans that came from the Eire or Wales, or even Northumbria, before the Romans had imposed their culture upon the defeated clans. The New Clans, though the name was a misnomer on account that they had held the lands for centuries by this point, had seized the lowlands of Alba as far back as when Rome made their attempt at conquering all of Britannia.

The Old Picts were all in on the marriage, celebrating it much like a lifeline tossed to a drowning man at sea. Something that I could watch as Ragnar went through the steps of a traditional dance with his bride, Maeve. I would have liked to know her better before consenting to such a union, but it had only taken one meeting to confirm what Magnus had to say about her -- she was like Morrigan.

Not entirely, of course. Maeve boasted no magics and had grown up a princess of the old clans rather than a half-starved child in the woods. Yet despite their differences, they carried themselves with the same aloofness while their eyes and ears drank in every detail. She had been all smiles for the meeting, every word careful and measured, enough so that she would have been right at home in the Roman court at Constantinople.

Watching her dance with my son, I couldn't help but worry just a bit. The girl was young, clever, and beautiful, but I had spent enough time with those that harbored ambitions to recognize the signs. Ragnar was sincerely convinced that she was honest with her desire to transform Alba from squabbling clans to a single united kingdom. However, I couldn't help but suspect that her motivations ran deeper than that.

"He's a lucky lad," Haldur remarked to me, leaning by my side as we watched the festivities rather than indulge in them. Such was the price of a crown. "And he's a clever one. She's not likely to completely wrap your boy around her little finger."

An amused huff escaped me despite my solemn thoughts, "He has more ambition than I thought he had in him." Until he'd sent that letter informing me of his bid for the throne of Alba, I had always thought Ragnar to be more… passive. He was the type to sit back, observe, and react. There wasn't anything wrong with it. I vastly preferred it to rash stubbornness in fact.

He was like I had been when I was the his age. Before Horrik did what he did, forcing me into a more proactive role if I wanted my vengeance. So it really had come as a surprise when he made such a move, stepping well outside of the realm of responsibility that I had entrusted him with to make strides to incorporate another kingdom into the empire.

"Hardly a bad thing in an heir," Haldur remarked, and it took the edge off my good mood. Things were better than they ever had been between us. For all of the warnings that my mother had given, and for all of his small power plays to gauge where we stood with each other… My relationship with Haldur had only been better when we were both young boys. Probably before I could speak in full sentences.

But then he would do that.

An idle remark that wasn't so idle. It was a test to see if my stance had changed in some way so he could use the information as some kind of leverage. The worst part was that I doubted Halur even realized it. It was just his nature. And while I couldn't blame a scorpion for being a scorpion, I could find it irritating when it stung me.

Still, it made me confront a decision I had been holding off on -- the decision of who my heir would be.

I watched the pair dance on, and despite their youth, neither were unaware of the danger of those watching on. Most of that danger stemmed from self-interest -- when things changed, it invited the opportunity for people to change their fortunes in turn, to climb higher on the social ladder, just as much as it presented a risk that could see them fall. Some, however, glowed a malevolent red to my eyes.

Maeve's betrothal to the late King Causantín's son and heir was broken with the very same breath that they announced her wedding with my son. That was the only reason why things didn't descend into outright factional warfare. As much as the clans may bluster and gripe, they knew quite well that they stood little chance in open battle against us, so they wouldn't try. And that was exactly my concern. Knives in the dark were far harder to defend against than an axe in a shield wall.

"Maybe," I replied. Ragnar had proven himself with this gambit, but he had also stepped foot into a realm that he wasn't ready for. If the pair's initial plan was carried out, I had little doubt that both would perish the moment my ships left the shore. Still, it was a spark of ambition that I hadn't expected from my eldest. In five years, he'd be a man grown and far better prepared to handle the challenges of being a king. And those challenges would further prepare him for becoming the Allvaldr. "What about your boy? Have you settled on a match for him?"

My gaze found Harald speaking amongst a small group of Norsemen and Albish women. There was no mistaking their intent, and the girls didn't seem to mind it.

Now it was Haldur's turn to still, wondering if I was asking as his brother or as the Allvaldr. In the end, he offered a shallow nod. "Aye. It hasn't been announced yet, but we're in talks with King Ihala's daughter."

The blocs were already starting to form, but they were forming along the lines that I'd expected. Haldur was the King of Sweden while King Ihala was King of Finland. Their kingdoms were neighbors, they shared similar economic interests as despite being located on the eastern border of my Empire, Finland was far from the economic heartland.

There was a sudden tension between us that was difficult to articulate. Haldur was bracing himself for my reaction -- either to accept the match or to reject it. My powers as the Allvaldr were yet to be defined, and interfering in such a marriage could be within their limits if I chose to.

But I didn't. Instead, I offered a shallow nod, "A fine match. She's a pretty girl. Clever too. I don't think my son will be the only one wrapped around his wife's finger."

The tension bled out if Haldur, even if he did try to hide it with a chuckle that sounded more relieved than amused. "They got it from us, and we got it from Father."

That earned a sad smile from me, my gaze lingering on my son and nephew for a moment longer before I looked over to Lucas. He was mingling with both Hjalmar and Ulfar, considering them both peers already. Peers that he would be dependent on to keep his crown long enough for my son to take it -- though, he wasn't yet aware of that.

Both men were reliable. Trustworthy. They had done everything that I had asked for and more. I would have preferred things to have gone differently back in the Mediterranean, but that was simply the way of things. Hoffer had attempted to do too much at once, and tried to win the battle instead of the war.

Hjalmar, I was inclined to make King of the Éire. It wasn't a rich land, but it was a vast one, and it could be quite powerful if properly harnessed. Ulfar, I intended to make king of the territories of lower Northumbria and upper Mercia. A middle kingdom that I didn't intend to ever feel like their footing was quite secure.

Britannia wasn't a territory that would be easy to hold. The small islands already boasted a population that was comparable to the entirety of my empire. The North Sea wasn't so easily crossed, and the channel between Wessex and the Roman Empire could only be safely traveled a few months of the year. In the end, taking them would be the easy part. Holding them would be quite different.

The easiest way to ensure that none of the kingdoms ever managed to gain enough strength was to ensure that they had evenly matched rivals and that they were trapped in a steady grinding conflict.

But those were thoughts of a more distant future. Today, my son was getting married… and there were battles yet to come before these islands fell into my grip.


…
​

"We cannot allow this!" A former lord of Northumbria shouted, red in the face with veins bulging in his neck. "These Northmen have swept across our kingdom like a pox, and now they have taken root with the barbarians of the north! Something must be done, King Ecbert! Something beyond words of caution!"

Pepin watched from the shadows as the assembly of lords and ladies gathered in a hall that had once been the throne room of Mercia. It was no accident that King Ecbert had chosen it as the venue for the mixture of lords in exile. Many from Northumbria and many from Mercia itself.

Ecbert was a master of perception. Pepin had already known as much. He'd spent years with the petty king by this point, but it was always a delight to see a master at work.

Ecbert was seated upon the throne of Mercia in full regalia -- a crown adorning his brow, a scepter in one hand, while the other was left resting on the arm of the throne with an open palm. The king of Wessex looked like the ideal king. An image that was further enhanced by two of his father's Paladins, who stood at the bottom step of the throne, presenting themselves as an impenetrable shield to the crowd of frustrated nobles.

Imagery was important, loath as Pepin was to acknowledge it. It was the very thing that kept his twisted form from the throne that should be his by rights, but he understood it. More than what you said, more than what you did, appearances mattered most for kings. And what the former Mercian nobles saw was the king of Wessex seated upon their throne as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

"Peace, Lord Osmær. Peace," King Ecbert uttered, his tone placating. "I am not unaware of what the Northmen have done to our homes. Nor am I somehow unaware that fifteen thousand of the hardened warriors that maliciously sacked the capital of our shared faith have reinforced the Emperor of the Pagans."

"Peace!" Osmær shouted, his tone incredulous, as if he couldn't believe the word had just come from Ecbert's mouth. A strange thing, because that was exactly what he had been saying for months now. "I've bloody well had enough of peace! War is what we want! War against those thieving godless bastards that are stealing our wealth, our women, and our homes!"

There was a general clamor of agreement. More forceful. Such meetings weren't uncommon. By this point, they happened nearly every day. As the Northmen continued northward, all but stripping Northumbria of every ounce of silver and gold, and every peasant with a pretty face or strong back, the nobility of the kingdom continued to trickle to Ecbert.

They brought gifts and tribute to curry favor, trading away the last of the precious wealth they had managed to flee with in the hopes that Ecbert would restore their position. As he was the last king on Britannia who wasn't insane, stupid, or dead. A bastion of strength in a long dark night, and Ecbert was keenly aware of it. It was an image that he'd deliberately cultivated, and why their march across Mercia and Northumbria was so excruciatingly slow.

Wessex had grown fat off the suffering of its neighbors. It gorged itself on the skilled craftsman who managed to escape the Northmen's grip. Its treasury overflowed from the offered wealth of desperate nobles. But, more importantly, it had the right family names with ties to the right lands and the right nobles who were just smart enough to see Ecbert's true intentions and were wise enough to bow their heads all the same.

The mob before the king weren't those chosen few. They were the ones who looked at Ecbert and bought the lie that he was selling them.

That he was in any way a savior.

"I understand your frustration, my lords," King Ecbert offered placatingly, but the mob was not in the mood for platitudes.

"How could you? Wessex hasn't been touched! Your lands and your people haven't seen so much as a hair of the Northmen!" A voice amongst the crowd shouted out, emboldened by the general ire.

What Ecbert had been doing wasn't without its risks, however. His armies marched slowly, swelling in size until they reached the point where they weren't slow just because they were dragging their feet. Their numbers had swelled to the point that the sheer logistics of moving so many people down a single mile of road with any kind of efficiency was enough to bring grown men to tears. Merely setting up camp took the better part of the day.

It certainly didn't help that the army was full of inflated egos, rash fools, and those thirsty for revenge. It was that easy, purely because King Ecbert was using it as a chamber pot for the nobles that he had no use for and his political rivals.

"This is true," Ecbert acknowledged freely. It wasn't an argument he could counter easily. "But have I not committed the full weight of Wessex to the cause of ridding ourselves of these Northmen? Am I not here, before you, far from home and declaring for all to hear that we will give battle, and we will win through strength of arms and the glory of God?"

He raised a hand to forestall a clever remark or frustrated retort. "What I offer is caution, my lords. Our enemy is one emboldened by the Devil himself, and like the Devil, he taunts and infuriates us all so that when the time comes, we will be blinded by our wrath and stray from the path that God has laid for us."

Such words had a dwindling effect the more that they were used, and Ecbert recognized that he had wrung them for all of their worth.

So, he stood up, "We have been patient. We have mustered our strength and assembled an army the likes of which this land has never seen before. Across England, the devout have cried out and offered prayers to God Almighty towards a single purpose." With each sentence, he descended a step, Pepin watched as a cautious hope ignited in the eyes of the frustrated nobles. "We must tread carefully in the days to come. We cannot rush forward. We must instead hold fast, take one step at a time, all to ensure that every damned Northmen in our home will be gathered up."

His voice rose, "There will be no prisoners! No mercy! Not for these heathens, who have so savagely ravaged our lands and our very faith!" The mob truly was as smart as its dumbest member, and they were hearing what they wanted to hear. "The time is nigh, my lords. I promise you this. We are but days away from our promised battle, and you have my word that I shall fight beside you when that day comes!"

Lies, of course. King Ecbert was a man who had an extreme awareness of himself and his capabilities. At least, that was Pepin's estimation of him. He was no warrior. No general. He might be on the battlefield, but it would be as a figurehead. His son, Æthelwulf, was cut from a very different cloth. He possessed a level head, sound reason, and an awareness of intrigue, but not a talent for it. He was a warrior, and it would be he who led Ecbert's armies against the Northmen.

Osmær's shoulders sagged, the fight bleeding out of him. "How much longer must we wait, my king?"

In response, King Ecbert smiled, reaching out with a hand and resting it lightly on his shoulder. "Prince Ragnar is getting married. Godless or not, such a union should be celebrated… and I believe that we have just the gift for them, do we not?"

Pepin watched it all from the shadows. How the mob was satisfied with a handful of false words and even falser promises. How his father's paladins watched on, playing the part of the steadfast guards of the king, but in reality were blades pointed at his neck. And, despite himself, Pepin was genuinely impressed with the petty king of a land that by all rights shouldn't matter.

Because he had set the stage masterfully, and now it was time to raise the curtain.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jcg, Pain4077, Andell and 431 others
Ideas-Guy
Apr 29, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Confessions New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 6, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,491
Ragnar had expected something to change once he got married. What, exactly, he wasn't entirely sure. Maybe for the world to look a bit differently. Or maybe for the world to look at him differently. But, upon waking up in his empty bed, everything felt so very… normal. As if it were just any day rather than a pivotal moment in his life.

It was a strangely disappointing feeling that he wasn't quite sure what to make of. All the same, he rolled out of bed to find that a servant had prepared an outfit for the day, and he began to dress himself. It could be something of a chore at times, especially with the knots and buttons to hold the outfit together, but Father had little respect for those that couldn't even put on their own boots and neither did he.

Once he was dressed, he stepped out of the room that he had been sequestered inside of. They had been granted a manor for the sake of privacy within the city, though calling it a manor was exceedingly generous. Still, it was a building with more than one room, which made it the closest thing the city had to one.

Maeve was seated by the hearth, a knife in her hand as she carved out shafts for arrows. Her gaze flickered up, and they stared at each other for a beat too long, before her lips quirked up. "I thought you'd be the type to rise before the sun does," she remarked to him, resuming her whittling.

"I don't usually stay up so late," Ragnar defended himself, casting a glance at the rays of light pouring through the windows. It wasn't quite noon, but it wasn't far off either. "And when I do, I'm used to someone waking me up." If not Father or one of his brothers, than a servant.

"Hm. I asked them to leave us be for the day," Maeve told him, and that would explain why they were the only two in the building. "We're married now, but… truth be told, I don't have a clue what you're like when you're alone."

Ragnar stilled for a moment before he decided to approach the hearth. "That's because I'm not usually alone," he admitted. There was always someone nearby -- a bodyguard, a servant, one of his siblings, or a parent.

"Hm. I meant more that I don't know what you're like when you're not being a prince," she clarified. "We got married because of politics, but I wanted to leave them at the door for a bit."

"How greedy," Ragnar acknowledged, making her smile grow a fraction.

"Aye, a bit," she admitted. He was a prince of an empire, and now she was the wife of a prince. Politics would be part of their lives until they died. Ragnar had known and accepted that from a very young age, and it didn't really bother him. Not truly. But, as he sat in a carved chair, the conversation lapsing, he could admit that he wasn't prepared for… this.

The silence. The absence of expectations. The simple fact that he lacked an easy answer to her question -- who was he when he was alone?

Maeve continued to whittle away at the arrow shaft, checking its straightness with a glance, before she broke the silence.

"I'm the one that killed King Causantín," she informed in a tone that didn't at all reflect the weight of the crime that she was confessing to.

Ragnar took in a slow breath, blinking at how the admission of regicide was delivered rather than the confession itself. Mostly because… "I thought as much," Ragnar admitted. Maeve cocked an eyebrow in his direction, asking a silent question. "Your brother all but offered your hand. Your absence for such an offer was strange."

She seemed to ponder that for a moment before nodding in acceptance, so Ragnar continued. "I knew that whoever had killed him had been amongst his hunting party," he said, picking up one of the completed arrows. "Outwardly, you had no motive to kill him, so you weren't seriously considered as a suspect by anyone. But when we met for the second time in the storeroom, I began to suspect you as the assassin."

He rolled the arrow between two fingers before presenting it to Maeve, "I didn't know for certain, of course. But I suspected."

There was a glimmer in her eyes that Ragnar wasn't skilled enough to decipher as she took back the arrow. "Not going to ask why, are you?"

"I wouldn't think you'd confess to murder without giving a reason for it," he pointed out.

"I might. It's not like you can do anything about it now," she pointed out, but she seemed satisfied with his response.

"That'd be a bit too cruel, wouldn't it?" As she said, confession or not, there was very little that Ragnar could do with the information now that they were husband and wife. Formally accusing her after they had been married wouldn't just tarnish his own image, it would shatter the budding relationship between Alba and Scandinavia, putting to rest any possibility of an easy vassalage. To do so would be pointless, stupid, and completely invalidate all the reasons they got married in the first place.

Maeve smiled in a way that made heat crawl up his neck, but she answered all the same. "I don't have one really good reason to do it, but I have a lot of little ones."

"Compelling ones, I hope?" She had murdered a king, after all. And it had taken him days to die.

"Some, maybe. Others, I doubt that they would make much sense to you since you aren't from here." Maeve admitted, being startlingly honest. "Pride has always been important to the clans. We've spilled more blood in the name of pride than we ever had for the gods or good sense. But the biggest point of pride of all is our supposed victory over the Romans."

She snorted, "As if we actually won. My ancestors twisted our history until the truth was barely recognizable. We were on the cusp of defeat. Half of the clans were fighting amongst themselves while the other half had already submitted to the Romans. Then their Emperor went and died, and all of a sudden, the Romans had better things to do than finish us off. But, if you listen to any tale or poem -- they tucked their tails between their legs, built a big wall to hide behind, and cowered behind it until their whole empire collapsed."

Maeve picked up another arrow to start whittling. "Like with the Romans, we knew that you were coming long before you actually arrived. And the clans pointed to our victory over the Romans, deluding themselves with the thought that if we managed to do it once, then we'd be able to do it again."

Ragnar said nothing, letting her speak and get whatever it was that weighed on her off her chest. Nor did he offer any confirmations that his father would have undoubtedly finished what the Romans started centuries ago. From what he saw of them, they had little chance of defeating them in a pitched battle.

"King Causantín was the cautious sort. Always checked his footing before he took a step. I liked that about him," Maeve admitted, and it was a strange thing to hear her compliment the man she'd murdered. "But even with my engagement to his son, he just didn't have the support to drown out the fools. He knew it, so he would have gone with whatever they said because that meant he kept getting to be king. Even if it led Alba into a war that we wouldn't have been able to survive."

Meaning that King Causantín had been predisposed to the Romans? That didn't seem right-

Ah.

He meant to betray Father. Possibly in battle or in the immediate aftermath of it. Such a tactic wouldn't have worked against Father, but King Causantín wouldn't have known that much.

"So, you killed him," Ragnar acknowledged.

"So, I killed him," Maeve agreed. "I… didn't mean for it to take days. I was nervous, so my aim wasn't what it should have been." Well, that was a relief. If she liked King Causantín and still sentenced him to die a slow death, he couldn't imagine what she'd do to the people she disliked.

"Hm," Ragnar hummed in acknowledgment, earning a reproachful glance.

"That's all you have to say?" Maeve remarked, clearly expecting more. Her guard was up, as if she were expecting condemnation.

The issue was… that was about the sum of his thoughts. "I appreciate you telling me," Ragnar said, and that wasn't what she wanted to hear based on how her eyes flattened. "But…"

He wasn't even sure how to phrase it. It was something he always kind of felt, but never put into words. "My father believes in honor. Usually to the point it acts as a detriment to his ambitions. He'll guard himself from intrigue, and he'll keep a keen eye on the plots that surround him, but… to him, assassination, blackmail, extortion, and other dark acts are tools that he refuses to engage with. Even when he does stand to gain from it."

Now Maeve tilted her head. "And you don't?"

"Assassination and war are extensions of diplomacy rather than failures of it," Ragnar replied. "I don't intend to go around murdering people for the sake of convenience, of course. They are tools to use when the situation calls for them. What you described… I feel that it fits that condition." So there was no anger in him that his wife had murdered King Causantín. There was no real surprise either, because he'd already had suspicions, but it hadn't been worth it to confirm them, especially since she had gotten away with it.

"And how do you know if the situation calls for it?" Maeve pressed, her tone betraying her interest.

To that, Ragnar shrugged. "I don't know yet. I've killed on the battlefield, but I haven't ordered someone's death. I feel like that will be different, somehow. Until then, I'll learn from my father and my aunts." Aunt Jill in particular. Father shied away from intrigue, while Aunt Morrigan specialized in it. Aunt Jill seemed like a fair middle ground to try to emulate.

"Huh," Maeve returned, seemingly mollified by his response. "How practical of you." That felt like a compliment, so Ragnar decided to take it as one.

"Why the sudden confession, anyway?" Ragnar asked, knowing that it couldn't be a surge of guilt or anything like it.

"Mostly because I thought you should know. My brother knows that I did it, and if he thinks he can use the information against you, then he will," she answered, almost dismissive of the fact her brother planned to extort them. He was in a position to. It wouldn't take much twisting to paint them -- he and his family -- as the aggressors. That it was their idea all along.

Of course, Maeve and Lucas would suffer for it alongside them, but the narrative of the situation would twist from his father taking advantage of the situation to being its mastermind.

"The rest? Well, I thought you'd answer a question honestly if I was honest first," Maeve continued. She lowered the whittling knife and the half finished arrow. "I'm your wife now. Sooner or later, you'll be the King of Alba. That's all but set in stone. But there is a higher crown that you can claim, and people expect you to take it."

He didn't mean to, but Ragner found himself tensing, knowing exactly what she was going to ask.

"Do you want it? Your father's crown?" Maeve asked him directly, pinning him with a measuring look that told him that he shouldn't even try lying. "Enough to take it if needed?"

Ragnar worked his jaw for a long second, his gaze drifting from her to the hearth that sat near. When he did speak, he chose to be honest.

"I don't really care about being the Allvaldr, or my father's heir," he admitted. "My father… he sleeps once every few days, did you know that? And even then, there are hardly enough hours in the day for him to do everything that he needs to. And that's with my mother and aunts helping him. It's an endless amount of work and he constantly deals with people that he wouldn't piss on even if they were on fire. Most days, I don't think even he wants to be the Allvaldr. He just has to be because otherwise, Charlemagne would have swept over us like the tide and eradicated our faith."

"That doesn't answer my question," Maeve pointed out. "What do you want?"

"I…" Ragnar faltered. "I just want to live up to my father's expectations," he admitted after a second of hesitation. "If I become the heir, then that feels like a sign that I am. If I don't, then it feels like I fell short somehow. But actually being the Allvaldr? I don't really care one way or the other."

It felt almost shameful to admit. That his father was going to spend his life building an empire that could stand for a thousand years, and Ragnar… didn't really care about it. Or, he didn't care as much about it as he cared about disappointing his father.

What he didn't appreciate was Maeve snorting in amusement, making him narrow his eyes, but she waved off his ire. "I'm not laughing at you. Not really. I'm just not sure you realize how rare that is. Most princes and lordlings can't wait for their fathers to die because it means they get a title they aren't prepared for. Then they go on to have kids that they know don't care about them, so they don't care in turn."

Maeve leaned back in her seat, humming with contentment. "That's not the answer I expected," she admitted. "But I think that I like it. No ambition for the sake of it, but you're a little too dutiful for your own good."

That made a knot between his shoulders come undone that he only became aware of once it vanished. "And now?" He prompted, wanting to know what she intended to do with the information.

"Now?" She echoed before shrugging, "I think I'll enjoy our marriage."

A small breath of amusement escaped him, "Well that is a comfort. I'd hate it if assassinating royalty became a habit for you."

A slow grin tugged at her lips that she couldn't quite wipe away, "See to it that you stay on my good side, and it won't."

The conversation lapsed and this time, it felt far more comfortable.


…
​

"Look who finally decided to join us," Harald remarked upon seeing Ragnar enter Father's office. Ragnar felt everyone's attention shift to him, and he wasn't sure what to make of the smiles. Or the pats on the back. They were treating him as if he had taken a great stride in his life, but things still felt normal, even as he took his place by his father's side.

Father rested a hand on his shoulder, giving it a reassuring squeeze, but moved on with the discussion that they all had been summoned for.

"Ecbert and his lords are committing to an offensive," Father began, and that stifled the cheer in the room. "He's gathered all the strength of Northumbria, Mercia, and Wessex. Our scouts report that he has an army more than a hundred thousand strong. Closer to a hundred and fifty, I imagine."

"How?" Harald blurted, earning a reproachful glance from Uncle Haldur. Chastised, he continued all the same. "Forgive me for speaking out of turn, uncle, but… how?"

"By putting spears in the hands of farmers," Uncle Haldur answered, earning a nod from Father.

"Most of the army consists of refugees from our raid," he informed in a hard tone. "Or those that seek religious revenge for the sack of Rome." At that, many eyes slid to Hjalmar, who stood near the center of the table in a seat of honor.

He met the glances and offered a small shrug, "Sorry."

That earned a few chuckles, the tension in the room easing just a touch. Father put a great deal of faith in the man. Ragnar was inclined to trust him just for that, but he couldn't say that he knew him particularly well. He did have a sharp sense of humor, though. Of all the gifts that he'd received for the wedding, the pope's strange hat was among his favorites.

"They will be ill trained, poorly equipped, and disorganized," Father continued. "But I won't lie to you. They don't need to be any more than that when there's that many of them. Short of holding an entrenched position, we don't have a hope of withstanding the sheer weight of their numbers, and fighting from an entrenched position would see us besieged."

"We must face them," Lucas replied, a sense of urgency lurking in the back of his tone. He realized the truth of it -- such an army could not be assembled and not be used. Even if Father ordered the end of their raid, that army would be marched up to Alba for its alliance with Scandinavia.

Given that it would one day be his future domain, Ragnar was inclined to defend it.

"We will," Father assured those at the table. "We must. The Christians are creating a narrative, and for better or worse, we must play our part in it." There were many at the table that didn't know what to make of that, but Ragnar did.

The sack of Rome, and the raiding of Britannia, all followed by the rise of a 'pagan' empire to the north. Father had had him read the Bible cover to cover, so that he could understand the thinking and motivations of their enemies. One lesson stood out -- Christianity thrived in the face of oppression. The more the Romans had tried to grind out the sparks of their faith, the more kindling they fed them until it became an uncontrollable flame.

Charlemagne was using that same sense of adversity and righteous rage to bind his fragile empire together. It was an easy rhetoric to establish. To the South and West were Muslims. To the North were 'pagans.' And to the East were the Khazars, who practiced Judaism or Tengrism. Christianity was quite literally surrounded and under attack on all sides.

"What we must do is be on the offensive," Father continued. "We harry them to a battlefield of our choosing. We destroy their supplies enroute, break the will of their men before they have a chance to fight. Against such an enemy, we cannot fight them as one cohesive whole, but in a thousand small battles before we finish them."

It was a fine speech. Those at the table thought so as well.

But, deep down, Ragnar began to wonder…

What game was Ecbert playing at?

....

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, Nova_ and 439 others
Ideas-Guy
May 6, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Daggers in the Dark New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 13, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,514
"A shame that your father recalled the Paladins," Æthelwulf remarked to Pepin, the prince of Wessex riding alongside Pepin's carriage. It was a bit gentler on his twisted spine for long journeys, and it was hardly as if the army they marched with was outpacing it. "It would have been a dream to fight beside them."

Æthelwulf smiled at the thought, completely ignorant of what the recalling of Astolfo and Bradamante meant.

Ecbert did, though he hid it with patient smiles and a farewell feast. Charlemagne had made a decision after years of investment into England. A decision made after reading reports from countless spies as well as Pepin's own.

Despite the vast army that so slowly marched North, one that was baying for the blood of the Northmen, Charlemagne had foreseen the conclusion of this war and decided against risking his Paladins in a battle with a foregone conclusion. His father felt that while bloodying the Northmen was still a possibility, outright victory wasn't, so his most valuable pieces were being pulled off the stage for another day and another battle.

"They were needed elsewhere," Pepin replied.

"I would have thought your father would have recalled you as well," Æthelwulf remarked with a gentle probing, not sure what to make of his continued presence in these foul islands.

"I have spent years preparing for this battle. It seems only right that I see it through," Pepin replied, giving an answer that he knew Æthelwulf would respect. And respect it he did based on the quirking of his lips and the firm nod in response. The truth was a far crueler thing. Something that Pepin had prepared himself for the moment he set sail for Britannia.

Charlemagne had not recalled him alongside Astolfo and Bradamante. He was to stay in Ecbert's court as an advisor until Charlemagne decided otherwise. It was banishment in all but name. He was to stay on the islands, out of sight and out of mind, likely to be forgotten until his dying day. And likely even after.

His wretched affliction was a stain on the legacy of a Frankish King, but for a Roman Emperor? The stakes were higher and the margin for error was nonexistent. Charlemagne simply couldn't afford to have a deformed son at his court, even if he was forced to dwell in the shadows.

"I've long awaited this day," Æthelwulf replied, gazing off in the direction of the Northmen. Where Prince Ragnar celebrated his wedding. A beloved prince, by all accounts. One who understood his duties and the expectations placed upon him. Kind to the servants, clever enough to hold his tongue and listen, and a brilliant warrior. It almost felt like a mockery that he was sent by God to punish Charlemagne's hubris, while Emperor Siegfried was rewarded at every turn by the gods he worshipped. "Father spoke of patience, but I will admit, my own was nearing its end."

That was a sentiment that most felt when Ecbert decided at long last to commit the army that he had amassed. There was much rejoicing, with priests burning incense and chanting prayers throughout the mass of bodies, some hundred and sixty thousand men strong. If Pepin listened, he was sure that he would be able to hear priests chanting their prayers as they marched.

"I hope that spirit remains once the battle begins," Pepin replied. He had his doubts. The men were ready to fight. They were practically chomping at the bit. They felt they had God's guiding hand on their backs and that He was pushing them forward to a fateful confrontation with the Northmen.

But few things were as fragile as morale. It only lasted until the first setback, and the reports that Æthelwulf interrupted his reading for idle chatter left Pepin uncertain of what it would be, but convinced it was soon to come.

Siegfried would have known long in advance that even with his veteran force, he couldn't hope to overcome such a disparity of numbers. He would have plans in place when Ecbert did decide to move. He'd had months to prepare for such a battle, and Pepin was attempting to see his plan through the scouts and spies scattered across Northumbria.

"How long do you think it will be?" Æthelwulf questioned with the brashness of a young man eager to prove himself and to step out of his father's shadow.

To that, Pepin glanced up at the darkening skies overhead. "I doubt that it will be long… but I fear that the Northmen will see us long before we see them." It was clear that wasn't what Æthelwulf wanted to hear. He was dreaming of glorious battles that would see his name etched into the bedrock of history. But, even with an unwelcome answer, Æthelwulf thanked him for it, as it was a direct answer, unlike what he received from his father at the very head of the army.

Being a cripple had its advantages, loath as Pepin was to accept them. He was an unsightly creature, so when most weren't gawking at his deformity, they were quick to avert their eyes and pretend that they didn't see him at all. It made it easy to maneuver in the camp once they stopped for the night.

He walked through the sea of tents with so many men crammed into them that they were practically spilling out. Some lacked shelter entirely, content with a bedroll, a pitchfork, and the clothes on their back as they lay in the dirt between tents to protect them from a strong breeze. Others forewent sleep entirely, gathering around campfires to play games or sing songs.

But it was what Pepin didn't see that worried him. The camp was so vast that building defenses for it was essentially impossible without deforesting the local hunting grounds. Instead, there were watch towers dotted along at steady intervals with patrols of foot soldiers to ensure that no one was sneaking into the camp unnoticed.

And it was what he heard that concerned him.

Ecbert's tent stood out amongst the sea of tents. A sign of importance to differentiate himself from the impoverished lords with whom he surrounded himself. There were so many noble tents, it felt like a third of the camp was dedicated to them. When he ventured near, the guards posted outside of the tent allowing him to enter with glances of ill-disguised disgust, he could hear it.

Arguing.

"My lands have been ravaged by these heathens, and I will have my due in blood!" A voice shouted out, and from the shadows, he saw the red faced rage of a noble around a large table. His proclamation was met with jeering and dismissal.

"All our lands have been ravaged! It doesn't grant you the right to lead the left flank!" Another shouted back at him, and the voices that had jeered earlier were now roaring with agreement. While the first noble's supporters jeered back.

At the center of it all was Ecbert. His expression was calm and dignified, but Pepin knew the man well enough to know that he was at his wits end with the conversation that had gone in circles for days on end.

Glory was a powerful motivator. And so was shame. The nobles who gathered around Ecbert now were the same nobles who had abandoned their lands with what wealth and strength they could muster. They wanted to wash away the perception that they were no more than clever cowards, and the previously well-established plans were cracking under their fervor and eagerness to fight.

Old and new rivalries flared now that they were taking the fight to the Northmen. They didn't want to be placed under the command of another, or they coveted a position that another had and the glory that would come with it. And the old divide between Northumbrian and Mercian lords was rearing its ugly head worse than ever.

Some days, the lords felt as if they were one wrong remark from fighting each other before they fought the Northmen.

Ecbert took great care to not make a wrong remark, "Peace, my lords. Peace!" He stresses, raising a hand to calm down the squabbling nobles. "We have enemies aplenty outside of this tent. There is no sense fighting amongst ourselves."

It was to his credit that they did quiet down. His authority over them was new and untested in many ways, but Ecbert was at least respected by all the men in the tent. Or at the very least they understood that he held the keys to their future, so it was best to still their wagging tongues when he said so.

"I understand your eagerness," Ecbert uttered in a calmer voice for a quieter crowd. "But do not let it overwrite your good sense. A plan is in place, my lords. Deviation now, in the final hour, is most unwise." He was right. Everyone in the tent knew that he was right. Few things were more dangerous to an army on the eve of battle than to change the commander.

However, the lords didn't care about what was right. They cared about themselves and their ambitions.

The nobles argued around Ecbert. Not directly protesting his decision, but calling out insults to each other to voice how little they cared for the current arrangement. An arrangement they had previously agreed to, but nobility was quick to forget favors and remembered slights for generations. Ecbert sat in his throne, his irritation slowly simmering and Pepin wondered if he was going to see the restrained king lose his temper for the first time.

But then a messenger arrived, covered in a sheen of sweat with so little breath that he had to gasp to get out his message. "Riders, my king! Riders in the night! We're under attack on the west wing!"

The reaction was immediate. Fear and bluster. Pepin saw through it all. A battle that they had clamored for had arrived early and without warning. Their confidence that no one would be mad enough to attack such a force was shattered. Ecbert, to his credit, was decisive.

"Water! Get the man some water!" He demanded, standing up, and a servant pressed a cup into the messenger's hands, and he drank deeply from it. "Now, my good man, you say the Northmen are attacking the western flank? How? How many? Why were they not seen by our patrols? How deep are they in our camp?"

The messenger bowed his head, "I do not know their number, your grace, but they are in their thousands. We suspect that they ambushed our patrols, but they do not cut deeply into our camp. They harry our outskirts."

A distraction.

"A distraction," Ecbert concluded alongside Pepin's thoughts. "They seek to burn our supplies! Double their guard, and call for our riders! We can crush their cavalry here and now! Deus Vult! God wills it!" The warcry was echoed out by the nobles, who rushed out of the camp for their share of the glory. Leaving behind only Ecbert and Pepin.

Through the tent fabric, he could hear the camp coming alive as word was spread. Orders were being barked out, shouts of defiance and anger echoed through the air. It was superficial. And pointless. Siegfried would not attack with such confidence if such simple countermeasures would work.

Ecbert sank into his throne, his gaze going to the shadows where Pepin lurked in. There was a heavy silence in the tent, Ecbert visibly chewing on the situation before a sigh escaped him. "Why in God's name would he attack? Why wouldn't he simply leave? What does he hope to gain by fighting a hundred thousand men?"

The questions revealed the truth of it. The same truth that Pepin had long since realized. And the truth that his father had recently understood.

Ecbert, at no point, actually intended to actually fight Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed.

He amassed his army and influence, delaying and delaying, in the hopes that when the army swelled large enough, Siegfried would decide fighting it simply wasn't worth it. Because it wasn't worth it. They had ravaged Mercia, Northumbria, and the Eire. They had more wealth than they could hope to carry back to Scandinavia even if they made three trips.

Any sane man would look to what they had gained, look to the army that saw to chase them off, and simply decide to leave. To stay and fight was an unnecessary risk. A pointless risk.

That course of action would have left Ecbert in his position of supreme influence. He would be the man who chased off the Pagan King. The heathens that had ravaged their homes, pillaged their wealth, and rode off with their sons and daughters. All without needing to actually fight the renowned warrior king, who had never lost a battle, even when faced with longer odds than he currently did.

"Because his plans have changed," Pepin answered. How, he could only guess. The marriage with Maeve of Alba was certainly an indication, but not a clear answer. "Even if those plans end at ruining yours."

Ecbert offered a thin smile, "I had a similar thought. I'd hoped you would voice an alternative." No such luck there. "I suppose I should be honored that the great Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed is going out of his way to crush my ambitions."

That was one way to look at it.

Ecbert leaned back in his seat, adopting the mask that he wore so well, "No matter. If he seeks to fight, then we must simply win." Pepin watched the king as he stood with a sense of purpose, and he bowed his head low since he could not do so naturally.

Because, despite never planning to fight Siegfried, he would have made plans just in case.

Pepin fell into the king's shadow at a distance as he emerged from his tent, organizing their defenses. Most of which were already well underway, but Ecbert understood the value of being seen as the one in charge. The messengers flowed too and from him from every corner of the catastrophically large camp -- their supplies had triple the guard placed to defend them while their cavalry were mustering. The west wing was being harried, and from where Pepin stood, he could see the glowing flames as tents burned.

"Your Grace!" A messenger shouted, dropping to a knee before Ecbert. "Lord Æðelbeald has charged out with his forces!"

Three hundred of their horsemen with two hundred supporting infantry.

"Recall him! Now!" Ecbert snapped, launched into a flurry of activity alongside the half panicked and enraged camp. The vast army, for all that it was a slow, lumbering beast, meant that while they built up their numbers, they had time for training, during which they were drilled in formations and arms. It looked like a good third of them forgot that training upon hearing of the attack, but most didn't. And those that didn't were the stabilizing force in the army that stopped the panic from overwhelming their good sense.

The messenger faltered, "He is already engaged with the enemy, Your Grace."

"Damn him! Get word to Lord Cenric and Lord Eadræd -- they are to engage in support and withdraw with Lord Æðelbeald!" Ecbert ordered naturally because he understood well enough what Siegfried was doing. It was the only way he could hope to defeat such a vast army. "Lord Pepin, do remind me how many horsemen Emperor Siegfried possesses?"

Warhorses were a special breed of horse. They had to be raised from birth for the battlefield -- conditioned to not flinch away from a colliding charge or the chaotic sounds of battle. More often than not, a good warhorse was worth more than the man that rode upon it.

"Fifteen thousand, King Ecbert," Pepin answered. "Most taken from the lands of Northumbria and Mercia." Warhorses didn't travel by sea in long voyages, so the reinforcements that came from the Mediterranean wouldn't have any. Siegfried arrived with roughly five thousand. The other ten thousand were taken from various noble houses and stables throughout the two small kingdoms that he'd raided with impunity.

"And do remind me, how many do we possess?" Ecbert said, looking down at the frozen stiff messenger.

"Two thousand," Pepin answered. Wessex was not a large kingdom, even if it was a rich one. Throughout it, there were perhaps a thousand horses that were worthy of being called a warhorse. The remaining thousand they possessed came from the small nobles who flocked to their banner. Siegfried had swept Mercia and Northumbria clean of anything of value, and that included the horses. Leaving them with a mere two thousand, unless their men were willing to ride into battle with panicked work horses and mules.

"If Lord Æðelbeald, Lord Cenric, or Lord Eadræd take issue with this order, dutifully remind them of that. We do not have the forces to waste, especially when we know that the force harassing us is not the entirety of their strength!" Ecbert snapped and sent the messenger off running with a stern look. "And someone find my son before he does something rash!"

Ecbert did not venture to the battlefield, for he knew he would be of little use there. Instead, a steady stream of orders came from him as he tried to get a grip on the vast army that was stirring with anger at the attack. Formations were solidified and given the order to march, reinforcing the right wing.

But, no sooner than they arrived, horns blew to signal that the battle was over. For the briefest of seconds, Ecbert's expression betrayed him. A thinning of the lips, his face paling in the light of the torches -- he understood that it could not be a victory. All the same, his presence was required, so whatever his misgivings might be, he set out on top of a horse.

The damage to the camp was considerable, but a far cry from how bad it could be. Dozens of burnt tents with bodies laying in the packed dirt between them, if the burning tent hadn't collapsed upon them. Pepin would have to wait for reports, but he would estimate no more than a hundred had perished. If that. More would be injured, some losing their ability to fight.

It was… a lackluster night raid from such a famed warrior.

"If he did not attack our supplies, then what did he do?" Ecbert questioned, more to himself than anyone else. There was a quiet but growing dread that seemed to creep up on the king as he gazed out into the darkness, knowing that a wolf prowled in the dark. His grip on his reins tightened, and again, he whispered, "What did he do?"

It would take them three days to realize, and by that time, it was far too late.

....

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, Nova_ and 468 others
Ideas-Guy
May 13, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Best Made Plans New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 20, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,535
"If we are God's chosen instrument to vanquish the heathen and his legion of demons, then why does He punish us so?" Æthelwulf asked his Lord and Savior, on his knees with his hands clasped together. Normally, when praying, he would strike himself with a whip as penance for unworthy thoughts and doubts. Yet, the heathens had attacked their force with near impunity, and their Lord Father, God Almighty, required every able soldier so he restrained and limited himself to kneeling on small stones.

He knelt in his tent before a cross, completely alone. A measure that his father had taken to ensure that he didn't fall to the sickness that ripped through the camp like a wild fire.

It had been in the aftermath of the first raid that they found rotting meat and other filth in their food supplies, with many only discovering what had been in their cooking pots when they reached the bottom. Many had gotten sick, their bodies attempting to purge their humors with a flux. They were racked with such pains that most couldn't do more than raise their heads from their beds.

It was regrettable, but they had thought that would be the end of it by morning the next day. Many were still weak, struggling to keep food down, but they were recovering from their purge. Others, however, did not. They fell ill with fevers, their bodies continuing to purge, even when they had nothing left in them. Father ordered those that were sick to be sequestered from those still healthy, but it came too late because by the third day, the number of sick had jumped. Most didn't even know that they were ill until they bent over to pick something up and found they couldn't control their bowls.

Now, five days later, it felt like more people were sick than not.

"It is the Devil's work," Æthelwulf continued. "I know this. But… why do you not protect us? Why has this trial been foisted upon good Christians?" He continued, his head held low. Doubts clawed at him. He had never doubted his faith. He loved God with the entirety of his heart, and he was certain that He would be at their side on the battlefield, making victory a promise.

But now doubts coiled in his guts like a nest of vipers. For more than a week, they had suffered nightly raids from the heathens. Sometimes they harried their flanks, other times their center or rear. Twice, they had carved a line through their formations to accomplish specific goals -- to destroy their food supplies and to kill or steal their horses, be it war horses or pack animals.

In the former, they failed. Father had spread the supplies throughout the camp, foreseeing the Heathen King's attempts, but it did mean that they still lost a portion of their supplies. Their raids on the warhorses were far more effective. They had burned their feed, forcing them to graze, which left them isolated to be picked off. Or they baited them to give chase before shooting the horses from underneath their riders with a hail of arrows. Of the two thousand warhorses that they'd started the march with, they had less than five hundred now.

His heart was wavering. He did not doubt the power of God- never that. But he doubted that it was His plan for them to emerge victorious. And he could not see why God would allow such a thing… and that… that scared him.

"My lord," a voice from outside the tent spoke up. "Your meal has been delivered."

A rebuke for interrupting his prayer was on his lips, but the man couldn't have known he was praying. No one had been allowed in his tent in days, and Æthelwulf had been forbidden from leaving it.

"My thanks," he told the man. "I will break my fast after my morning prayers." He heard a muttered response through the fabric, leaving Æthelwulf to turn his gaze to their Lord and Savior hanging from a jeweled cross, His visage so life-like it was as if he were gazing upon Jesus Christ himself. "My apologies. For… for my doubts. For the interruption. I just…"

His lips thinned and his head lowered, "I am a weaker man than I thought."

It was easy to have faith when it wasn't being tested. And their faith was being tested.

Making a cross, he bowed his head low once more and uttered, "Amen," before raising to his feet. Fetching his breakfast, Æthelwulf spied a familiar shadow cast upon his tent. "Lord Pepin," Æthelwulf greeted his father's twisted advisor and disgraced prince of the now Roman Empire born anew.

Æthelwulf wasn't certain what to make of Pepin. By rights, he should be the prince of an empire whose history stretched back more than a thousand years. Yet, he was cast adrift to distant shores because of his twisted shape. There was part of him that felt pity for Pepin. Another part that felt a measure of disgust at his disfigurement.

But both parts were smaller than the one that feared the hunchbacked prince. Pepin was smart in the way his father was smart. In ways that Æthelwulf knew that he wasn't. Yet while his father could rely on charming smiles and his position, Pepin had nothing, and he felt all the more dangerous because of it.

"I have come with news, Prince Æthelwulf," Pepin sat outside the tent on a box, his voice low. "Another hundred and thirty died of this pox last night. Another twenty this morning, with more to come by noon."

A hundred and fifty souls lost before they could draw the blood of heathens and avenge their ravaging. "And the afflicted?"

"Your father's containment has slowed the spread, but it has made us vulnerable in other ways," Pepin answered.

Æthelwulf clenched his hands into fists. "The losses from the raid?"

"Three hundred. More wounded," Pepin answered, his voice grim. He understood exactly what that meant. "The isolated sections of camp… they are vulnerable and they suffer for it. Siegfried rains arrows down upon them while concentrating his strength to strike where we are vulnerable."

Meaning that the only reason why they hadn't lost more to the pox that tore through the camp was that Siegfried had killed many of the sick. Their strength was being bled from them drop by drop. Since the raids began, perhaps five thousand had perished. An absurd number, but when considering the whole of their army, it was barely a dip in their numbers.

"Killing us isn't the point," Æthelwulf repeated a point he felt like he had made a hundred times by now, but no one was truly listening. "He attacks our morale. Not us. He is delivering the message that he can attack us with impunity and that we are too weak to defend ourselves. How long is it before the army fractures and we lose more men to deserters than we do to sickness or battle?"

"I am afraid that we are already well on our way, Prince Æthelwulf," Pepin replied, and he was one of the few who understood their poor positioning. "A band of thirty village men attempted to sneak out during the raid. We found their heads on stakes outside of our camp. At the very least, Siegfried seems to be helping us with our deserter problem."

To an untrained eye, such a thing might seem like madness. Æthelwulf saw what it was, however -- it was a statement. They were huddling up in their pens like sheep, while he was the wolf that stalked outside. That all they could do was huddle together and hope that they were the ones taken in the night.

"And my father?" Æthelwulf started, frustration welling up from his chest to the back of his throat. "What does he have to say to this mess?"

"He is of split-" Æthelwulf didn't need to hear the rest. It was the same answer he had received every time he asked. An answer he was sick of. As sick as he was of the canvas walls of his tent.

"Enough," Æthelwulf decided, standing up. "I have had enough of his indecisiveness."

Pepin had an answer ready, telling Æthelwulf that his response was no surprise. "Your father is currently in a council meeting. Half are attempting to convince him to pursue battle and the other half peace." The latter half were a growing voice. They were those who had lost their faith in their righteous cause. They were those who let themselves be consumed by doubt over why God would allow them to be hobbled and suffer so.

"Then perhaps one more voice is needed," Æthelwulf said, knowing that he was being manipulated. He could feel the strings on him as he stormed out of his tent, breathing the closest thing he had come to fresh air in days. It was a question of who was pulling them, but even if he was being manipulated to a goal -- that didn't mean the goal was unworthy.

He marched to his father's tent, which had been moved to be kept isolated. A secondary palisade was erected around it with guards set paces apart, just to ensure that no one managed to slip by them in the middle of the night. Be they Englishmen or Scandinavian. The guards made to stop him but he waved them off with a hand, storming into his father's tent to see that it was a storm of arguments.

Lords were shouting at one another until they were red in the face, spit flying and they beat on the wood table with their fists like it were the enemy. At the head of the table was his father, his expression an impassive mask. He did not seem surprised to see Æthelwulf, who announced himself by slamming his hands on the other end of the table.

"We attack!" He joined his voice into the storm of arguments, and his declaration was met with a chorus of agreement and denials. "We attack while we still have the strength, Father. Before he bleeds us anymore. Before cowardice and doubt infect our men alongside this pox he has cursed us with. We attack! We have to! Or we have failed in our duty as men and Christians! We will have failed God Himself!"

He wasn't good with words. Not like his father, King Ecbert of Wessex, was. He always knew what to say and how to say it. He could tell a man to go to hell and make them look forward to the trip. It was a talent that Æthelwulf found entirely lacking in himself. However, where his father spoke flowery words, never making his true thoughts known to anyone but himself… Æthelwulf was direct.

He was like a blade, cutting right to the point. In his father's eyes, that was a weakness. But being blunt had its own strengths.

"We," Father began, his voice decidedly even, "are being baited into a trap, my lords and son. There is no battlefield nearby where we can use the one true and genuine advantage we have. We must delay a battle, press on until we find more advantageous grounds."

"And when we arrive, we will have half an army!" A lord called out, and the argument almost resumed, only to be forestalled by his father raising a hand.

"I am not blind to the cost," Father replied. "However, as I have said time and time again -- if we are to commit to a battle now, then we would be doing so on Siegfried's terms."

"Let him dictate! God wills our victory, so we will be victorious!" The faction that desired war was building momentum, stamping their feet and their voices becoming a chorus of approval. "The Heathen doesn't have the stomach for a true battle! If he did, then he wouldn't stalk about in the dark! He's a coward!"

Æthelwulf didn't think he disagreed with anything more viscerally in his entire life, but he didn't raise his voice to disagree. Instead, he looked across the table imploringly at his father, gripping the edges of it with white knuckles. They had to fight. They had to. Win or lose, God's will or not -- if they did not fight, then they would lose their honor. Their pride.

To slink away from the Heathens now, after they had ravaged Mercia and Northumbria so thoroughly, would cost them everything that they had built. It would leave a stain on their family name that would never wash out, even after a thousand years.

"A Heathen, absolutely. A coward? Perhaps. But there is one thing I will never accuse Siegfried of, and that is being a fool," Father rebuked. Another hand forestalled an argument. "However," he continued with deliberate slowness, "I find the arguments compelling. All the more so because they come from my son."

It was then that Æthelwulf realized that it was his father's strings that had been on him. He was a prop for the argument. An excuse for Father to commit to a course of action without a loss of face with the opposing side.

"If we cannot reach a favorable battlefield, then we must change our approach to the battle," Father continued, spreading his hands wide. "What I suggest is thus -- we divide our army in two. Two smaller armies of seventy thousand will have greater maneuverability and like the jaws of a trap, we can lure the Heathen in."

"Of course, the stronger of the two armies -- our soldiers that have been spared the pox, our proud lords, and what cavalry we still possess. The other… it will possess our ill and our weakest. Its purpose is to serve as a deterrent on one flank, rather than to win the battle." It was a serviceable solution to their issues. Even if they were laden with a plague, seventy thousand men was still seventy thousand men. They alone outnumbered the enemy, but their presence on the battlefield would force Siegfried to divert forces to secure that flank, leaving even fewer men to deal with the true threat.

"I know your hearts well, my lords, so allow me to make myself clear -- I will lead the weakened army. It is not a position of glory, I know, but we do not fight for glory." Father continued, fuelling the mutters that flared up but turned into whispers of amazement. Respect. They saw his acceptance as a sacrifice, giving away what they deemed invaluable for the sake of victory.

It couldn't be further from the truth.

"Though, I do hope you will not begrudge me if my son holds a position of honor in the left wing in my stead," Father continued, and the thumps of approval were all the answer that was needed. Æthelwulf met his father's gaze, who inclined his head to him. Æthelwulf returned the gesture, elated, but with it came a heavy weight on his shoulders. The left wing was the pivotal wing. The wing that often decided the fate of the battle, possibly even entire kingdoms.

He would not command it, which was something of a relief, but the burden of leadership was still there.

The meeting continued on, the momentum was behind the faction that favored battle, so those that favored negotiation found themselves boxed out of the conversation. Plans were discussed, altered, discarded, reworked, and then implemented. They spoke at length at the few advantages that they did have and among the few was they had more archers than the Heathens several times over.

What took place in the tent was quick to spread amongst their people. Upon hearing that they would fight the Heathens, many shook off the air of despair that hung over them. They gained a sense of purpose beyond waiting to fall ill and die.

Father, despite all appearances, had been quietly preparing for the day. Bows and arrows were made, armor was repaired, as were weapons. By noon, Father gave the order to march out of the camp they had huddled inside for days. And despite all of the concerns and gumption the lords showed, none argued the fact that the terrain was poor for them.

There were flatlands, but there were hills jutting out almost at random, and even in the flatlands, there were subtle dips and elevations. Which was something of an advantage as it would hamper the Heathens' cavalry. Somewhat.

The Heathens had already selected their battleground, forcing them to come out to meet them. The battlefield did favor them. Intensely so. They secured a steep hill, one side of which had nearly vertical cliffside. A position that they'd further reinforced with ditches and earthworks.

Æthelwulf swallowed a swell of bitterness, knowing that their hesitation had allowed the enemy to entrench themselves. All the worse, by the time they arrived, the Heathen army already stood in formation, allowing the afternoon sun to shine down on them -- their armor glimmered in the light, and Æthelwulf felt a clenching in his stomach at the sight of it.

He wore armor. A steel helm, a chain mail hauberk, and a padded gambason underneath. He was amongst the few that did, as it was a luxury available to only the highest lords amongst them. It was a harsh contrast in comparison to the Heathens. All on their front line wore full sets of armor -- chainmail and plate, the same that was reserved for Charlemagne's Paladins. They stood shoulder by shoulder, flags flapping in the wind bearing a double headed raven that marked them as Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed's army.

Their cavalry was split in two groups at the base of the hill in a lopsided manner. One side had nearly ten thousand according to the reports, while the other had about five. In either case, they had no hope of advantage there. Æthelwulf sat on top of one of the few horses that they had left in a company of five hundred. As it was, their cavalry would only truly be useful to escape rather than fight.

At the very head of the army sat Siegfried himself, on top of a warhorse that seemed to have been bred with purpose to be large enough to carry him. He wore armor in a similar style to that of his men, all except for the black wolf pelt that was closer to the size of a bear that hung off his shoulders and a crown that was hammered into his helmet.

The Heathens allowed their army to form up into what amounted to a crooked V formation. Æthelwulf expected to see the Heathen line shuffle in response, but no one seemed to move a muscle in the enemy formation.

They stood across from one another for what felt like eternity, but in reality couldn't have been more than a minute.

And then a horn blew and every single carefully crafted plan was shattered into countless pieces when the Heathens did the very last thing Æthelwulf expected. That anyone expected.

They charged.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, nicolebolas and 439 others
Ideas-Guy
May 20, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Fervor New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
May 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,562
Ragnar's father had taught him, and all of his siblings, the importance of morale in a battle. That whole supplies and leadership mattered a great deal, they mattered so much in part because they fed into the confidence of an army. When warriors were well armored, well fed, and under the command of trusted and tested leadership, they would simply perform better. They would fight harder, last longer. They would hold their nerve despite long odds because they would believe that victory was possible.

The past week and a half, Father had been slowly killing the Anglo-Saxon's confidence. Their morale. The disease that they inflicted upon them burned through their camp like wildfire, they kept them awake with nightly raids to make sure they didn't rest easy, and they burned their supplies so they would be forced to march on an empty stomach. Now, on the eve of battle, Ragnar found himself seated upon a horse amongst eight thousand on one wing of his father's army.

The enemy was spread across the battlefield, and despite it all, Ragnar felt trepidation rise in the back of his throat. They seemed genuinely endless as they marched onto the field in relatively disciplined ranks, creating an awkward V shaped formation by extending one line and taking advantage of the natural terrain. At the head of the larger army was King Ecbert, who was marked by his few horsemen on the field as much as he was by the flags and the crown he wore. The other army was led by lords of high standing and fanatics united in their hatred for them.

He had seen them in camp during the raids. The sea of tents and the people walking between them had been many, to the point he didn't even try to count them. But it was another thing entirely to see them on the battlefield, ready to fight. His own confidence wavered, just ever so slightly, because everything that they had done… had been done out of necessity. Despite their having better arms and armor, in spite of their having more experience in the field of battle, King Ecbert and his assembled lords could win. They could win by sheer virtue of numbers.

It wasn't a matter of morale or experience. That many people, if properly directed, would break them. Their lines would crack, any escape route would be closed, and almost like a sand castle in the face of high tide, they would be swept over, and nothing would remain of them by the time the tide receded.

Which is why they bluffed.

"Steady yourself," Father warned him and Magnus. "And stay close to your guards. Neither of you have anything to prove, so don't take any unnecessary risks. Keep your shields up and don't let go of your weapon when the time comes."

Experience, Father called it. They needed to learn what it felt like to be part of a true charge before they would be expected to lead men into one. Ragnar doubted that he would even need to draw his blade, but his heart was thumping in his throat.

"We'll be careful, Father," Magnus was doing better than him apparently, because he found his voice. Their father offered a small nod, showing that he heard the words, and that was all the time that they had before a horn blew. The sound echoed in the air and set something unstoppable in motion as the entire army began to march forward, abandoning their entrenched position.

The sound of everyone taking the same step forward at once echoed out across the field, the enemy across it stupefied by what they were doing. They had arrived on the battlefield with the full expectation that they would be the aggressors, and now they found themselves on the defensive. Every plan that they had went up in flames, and from where Ragnar sat, he could see the mess of messengers running back and forth between the lords of the troops of men. Each having a different idea of what their response should be.

Some had their archers march ahead of their portion of the army, intent on assaulting them with arrows for every step that they took. Others wanted to continue on with the plan and meet them in the middle with a charge of their own. Ragnar could almost trace the argument as passengers ran back and forth between lords, each demanding that the others follow their lead.

It caused confusion to sweep over the army, buying their advance invaluable time, but caution won out over aggressiveness. The archers began to emerge at the front of the vast force before they unleashed the first volley. It was a sight to see.

Father kept the number of archers in the army at around five for every hundred men He preferred sharp shooters to pick off important targets, quality over quantity, and until that moment, Ragnar had never doubted the decision. Yet, as hundreds… thousands of arrows were released into the air, becoming a wall of falling arrows, he began to question the approach. Yet, it wasn't anything that they weren't prepared for. The infantry continued to march in step, simply raising their shields overhead and layering them over one another, trusting that those at their right shoulder would protect them as they protected those at their left.

There wasn't anything he could compare the sound of thousands of arrows thudding into wood at the same time or bouncing off of armor to. It was something so unique that Ragnar felt like he would never hear anything like it again, at least until the Anglo-Saxon archers let loose a second volley. It slowed their advance, but it didn't stop it. Their infantry still crossed the field under the storm of arrows, enduring a third volley, and then a fourth, before the archers began to retreat behind their line of soldiers and their frontline leveled pikes at them.

It was only at a distance that Ragnar could realize how small their army was in comparison as they approached one wing of the enemy. How hopelessly outnumbered they were.

And that was the entire point of the charge that struck the Anglo-Saxon's with a roar and the clash of steel. It was to solidify their own resolve and will to fight. To show the men that there was no need to fear the enemy's vast numbers. That they could take the fight to the enemy and win the day.

It also would weaken the enemy's confidence. Their faith would be shaken from the fact that Father and his army were willing to be the aggressors. It would fracture their belief that their numbers would be their salvation. At least, that was the hope. Ragnar believed it because his father was certain of it, but he wondered if the enemy that looked down at them saw how small they seemed in comparison to the vast army that felt like it could effortlessly swallow them up.

But they would choke on them. That much Ragnar was certain of.

Their frontline consisted of Father's veterans. Some who had been with him since his time in the Mediterranean, who had fought in a hundred battles against longer odds than this and possessed an unshakable faith in Father and his strategies. They met the line of pikes and pushed forward, reaching the men behind them before cutting them down as a farmer would cut through stalks of wheat. The Anglo-Saxon's weren't prepared for the deadly impact, and it showed. The first line faltered and before the second line could step forward to take their place, they too fell.

The raw disparity between their arms and armor was almost as vast as the disparity in their experience. Their men could take blows and shrug them off to continue fighting. Their armor was forged in war, designed to do exactly what they were doing -- stand in the face of the enemy and cut their way through.

Yet the Anglo-Saxons were not cowards. Far from it. They stood on the field with hate in their hearts -- if not for the sacking of Rome and the looting of their churches, then because their own homes and families had been ravaged by their raids. And if not for that, then Father had given them plenty of reasons for their ire over the past week and a half. They surged against the frontline, throwing themselves at them to not just stall their advance but to push them back. To tear at their armor with tooth and nail if that's what it took.

It was enough to rouse the second army. The sickly army. With King Ecbert there, the chain of command was clear and they were able to act on his orders on a more uniform scale. And that was exactly what Father had intended.

Another horn blew and Ragnar's heart was in his throat because that was the signal for the cavalry charge. Just as there wasn't a sound quite like thousands of arrows striking shields, there wasn't anything like the sound of thousands of horses galloping at once. It was just the rhythmic noise of hooves digging into dirt. His vision became obscured by those before him, but he was counting the seconds until their arrival, waiting for the first sound of it.

He knew the plan. Father had known that the Anglo-Saxons would divide their force and present the stronger of the two as the face. When they went on the offensive, King Ecbert would see the opportunity to simply close the awkward formation to surround their infantry. They would meet the out of position flank with thirteen thousand horsemen ranked five men deep across a wide area. The flank would buckle under the impact, allowing the infantry to withdraw in a controlled manner.

Ragnar could see it unfolding behind his eyes, but his imagination couldn't capture the true impact of the charge when the first line struck the mass of Anglo-Saxons. More than the men screaming in pain or fear, it was the way the horses that cried out that cut through the sounds of war like a knife. It set his teeth on edge, but he didn't have the time to dwell on it because his horse followed through on the charge and he found himself trampling people under his hooves.

Everything that his father said echoed in his ears, yet all the same Ragnar found himself striking out. His guards were at his sides, stabbing down with their spears, and Ragnar did the same. The Blessing his father gave him let his spearhead punch through the guard of the Anglo-Saxons, stabbing at their throats and chests where he could. All the while, his warhorse followed the flow of the herd that began to cut to the side, the outer layer of the charge stabbing out at the enemy before they began to pull back.

Ragnar couldn't help but to glance over his shoulder, and his throat closed at the sight. He only had a narrow view of it, but it was a sight that he knew would be repeated everywhere they struck. And what he saw was a line of dead and dying men -- they laid where they had been trampled, bones shattered and many had enough strength left to scream and cry as they bled out into the dirt. Others were mercifully dead, struck down and serving as a warning to the others that survived the charge.

He saw naked terror in their faces. They had thought themselves prepared for it, but they had experienced the single worst thing that they could have imagined. The parts of the army that had been spared the charge were recovering, but they had to push through those that had survived it. It was a horror that he knew would only grow when the charging mass of horses slowly spun around to deliver a second charge into their recovering flank.

The second was more devastating than the first, somehow. Ragnar expected them to be better prepared for it, but their charge cut through them like a knife. There was a part of him that expected them to just run. To abandon the fight entirely because they knew they had no counter to their overwhelming cavalry. That what just happened to them was going to happen again and again and again. The answer to that only revealed itself when they formed back up in ranks, positioned to cover the retreat of their infantry.

They had hit them hard. Brutally hard. More men had been killed in that charge than the entirety of some of the battles Ragnar had fought in. Yet, they had only hit a relatively small portion of the whole.

They felt it, certainly. The aftershocks of the charge were rippling out, and despite their infantry withdrawing, the pursuit was short-lived and died when those who were eager to give chase found they were alone in it. That allowed their men to retreat to the fortification that they'd built days in advance, and their cavalry to retreat to their starting position.

Just with one thousand fewer horsemen. They broke off in secret, abusing the sheer mass of their numbers to hide their departure so they could join another two thousand horsemen that waited in secret. After all, the difference in appearance between seven thousand cavalry and eight thousand was negligible.

"What will happen now, Father?" Ragnar questioned, watching the enemy recover from the unexpected blow. Men were being dragged off the field while others moved up to take their place. They were trying to hide the damage as much as they were trying to tell how badly they were hit.

Father sat on top of his horse, Gram slick with blood, "They will attack." He was absolutely confident of it. His doubt must have shown on his face because Father favored him a smile, "They have no choice but to attack. King Ecbert knows that if he lets that be the tone of the day, then half of his men will flee in the night. So they will attack, even if they know they will spill blood for nothing, because they can't afford to do anything less."

His father said it, and so Ragnar would believe it, but it took time for his words to prove true. The enemy was licking their wounds, reorganizing themselves, but within the hour they marched. Archers walked forward first, coming to a stop at the edge of their range before they began to unleash a volley of arrows. Their men were in formation, and Ragnar himself was well covered by a number of shields, just in case.

Their archers were supported by their marching infantry, slowly getting into place in established ranks. However, they were content to sit on their hands and wait until the archers ran out of arrows before they made a move.

It was then that Father took action. Their own archers approached under a cover of shields. One that was the length of their body that could be propped up with spokes in the ground, while another would stand behind them with a second shield to cover them both between shots.

Father was amongst them with a monstrosity that he called a greatbow. It was styled after a metal bow that one of Charlemagne's Paladins had used a long time ago, only expanded upon to make full use of his strength. It was near his height in length and what he notched into the bowstring was less an arrow and more a thin javelin.

It wasn't the most effective weapon. Father had admitted as much. However, it was a uniquely terrifying weapon, and that was its true purpose. Killing the enemy was just an added benefit.

Their archers began to trade volleys with the Anglo-Saxons, felling them one by one with deadly aim. And it was then that Father unleashed the first shot of his greatbow, unleashing the long thick arrow at those across the field. Rangar tracked the giant arrow, making sure not to blink, and if he had, he would have missed it striking a man in the chest with enough force that it knocked him off his feet and sent him slamming into the man behind him. Both were dead before they struck the ground.

Those nearby the fallen stopped to stare, completely missing the next volley they were meant to unleash. However, word only began to spread when Father unleashed the next arrow, this time striking a man in the throat and it struck with such force, it took his head off. The other archers in their army did great work, felling them with every gap between volleys, paying no mind to how their shields became filled with arrows and splintered wood.

They didn't have as many, but they did have better archers. Two thousand of them were amongst the army, and they did great work. Every arrow they delivered was fatal, and in three volleys, more men had died from their archers than from their cavalry charge. The Anglo-Saxons felt it keenly. Their archers began falling back, convinced that the next volley would mean their death.

Arguments broke out on the backline, commanders trying to get them for unleash another volley with threats and promises. That lull was enough for Father's archers to shift their attention to the standing army behind them, dropping soldiers standing in the line. It was impossible to miss. Especially when Father unleashed an 'arrow.'

Ragnar honestly expected them to pull back. To retreat, reassess, and maybe try to attack from a different angle. But perhaps King Ecbert sensed that they couldn't afford that. Instead, they charged forward with a warcry spilling from their lips. Their formation collapsed with men running forward, accepting that some of them would fall to arrows. And they did. Without needing to duck between volleys, their archers unleashed three more before they were forced to retreat between the lines of infantry.

For a third time, Ragnar found a sound that was like no other. The sound of tens of thousands of voices shouting out as they clashed against their entrenched lines felt so loud that they could be heard around the world. They trampled over the dead, jumping into the ditches and rising up, because they could do nothing else with so many pushing them forward.

And for all they had bloodied the Anglo-Saxons, for all they tormented them and afflicted them with disease… They fought with a desperate fury, tearing at their frontline that met them with axes and spears. The ditch was filled with corpses in hardly any time at all, some of the dead forced upright simply because there were too many people around to let them fall.

Ragnar watched it all from his place on horseback. He watched how their line bent under sheer numbers and fury. Arrows rained down from above, the archers on their backline and the Anglo-Saxons continuing to shoot. Neither side seemed to notice. There was an itch to take action. To rally the cavalry and to deliver a charge into their flank. All the more so when he saw their frontline being overwhelmed, their shieldwall buckling by sheer weight of numbers.

Yet, he received no command to do so. And no matter how terribly things seemed to be going, Ragnar told himself that it was all going according to plan.

Then, almost without warning, a horn blew on the enemy side and the attack slowed to a halt. Their backlines and archers began to peel back after barely more than an hour of fighting, prompting those behind them to retreat with them. For all their fury, the retreat was orderly. A cry of victory spilled from Father's army at the sight, but they made no move to pursue.

Ragnar found that he couldn't join them as he surveyed the battlefield, seeing hundreds- thousands dead. Most of them the enemy, but their ditches were filled with corpses, the field were littered with them… by all accounts, they had won the day.

Yet, Ragnar couldn't help but feel like they had survived it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, nicolebolas and 439 others
Ideas-Guy
May 27, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks All In New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,589
"Repeat yourself." There was a waver in King Ecbert's voice that Pepin heard. A tremor of disbelief that echoed out in his tent, around the table full of the lords that answered to him. "I fear I must have misheard you."

The messenger shifted uneasily before clearing his throat, yet his gaze did not rise from the ground even as he complied with the order. "S-six thousand have perished, your grace. Another fair thousand are injured. Aid is being given, but with the sickness…" The messenger understood the dire news that he delivered. Enough so that he knew he risked his head to deliver it. Kings weren't particularly known for how well they received terrible news, after all.

Ecbert, to his credit, did not lash out. "I see. That is… most unfortunate. Thank you for your efforts, young man. If there are further developments, do bring them to my attention." It was a dismissal that the messenger was glad for, rising to his feet and bowing his head low before he all but fled the tent. Ecbert clenched his jaw but still restrained his reaction. "Come morning, will will have ten thousand dead. Possibly more, depending on how many the pox claims."

A well and truly unthinkable number. An absurd number. Pepin had thought himself prepared and well warned about the absurdity of Siegfried. Yet, he had underestimated the young Emperor- the Allvaldr. Ten thousand dead in a single day of battle was astounding. His father had fought in battles with comparable numbers, and the casualties were in the hundreds.

'The difference in experience and armor,' Pepin deduced while the tent became its own battlefield. Siegfried's warriors were just that -- warriors. Veterans of a hundred battles against their farmers and cobblers. But the biggest cause for the lopsided and downright sickening casualties was the difference in arms and armor. Plate that could turn away a blade against their soft cloth armor, if they even had that much.

The mental component was another point of difference. For all their fervor and hate, it was beyond daunting for the Anglo-Saxons to see their comrades beat their weapons against a seemingly unstoppable foe before getting cut down. To say nothing of that monster Siegfried himself.

'Warfare has changed.' Pepin wasn't sure if anyone else in the tent realized that. Since Cain first picked up a rock to bash in the skull of Able, humanity had been waging and perfecting war. They developed spears to stab at the enemy from afar, bows to shoot at them from outside of the spear range. Tamed horses so they could enter and leave the enemy range. They developed armor to turn away blunt weapons, then blades. They formalized it. Refined it. And now, the next step of warfare had been revealed.

Plate armor on a professional army.

It was something that his own father had been developing, but he couldn't produce it en masse as Siegfried had. Simply because what Siegfried did was raid neighboring kingdoms, steal all of their iron down to farming scythes and the nails holding up a peasant's home. Then he fed that surplus of iron into his steelworks -- dozens if not hundreds of blacksmiths then worked all day and night to endlessly produce arms and armor for their soldiers. It was a wholly unique approach that was afforded to Siegfried due to the nature of his people.

It was something that could only be copied by the older empires. Such as the Roman Empire and the Caliphate. Empires with vast resources, populations, and robust logistics to create and support such an army. Worse, it was going to be a necessity. As Siegfried had amply proven…

The days of levied forces were dead. Ill equipped and poorly trained peasants simply couldn't hope to contest such a force. While Pepin doubted that levies would entirely go away, as they could be used in smaller more specialized roles, or to support a standing army rather than to be used to provide one.

But that was a thought for a future they very well might not get to see.

"My lords! My lords! Calm yourselves!" Ecbert commanded, and with far greater difficulty than normal, the table full of nobility obeyed. "I will confess, I find these losses as disturbing as the rest of you, but should we lose ourselves to panic, the battle will be lost before we take to the field again!"

A lord spoke up, "Ten thousand is catastrophic… but it's a small portion of the army, isn't it?" It felt like madness, but he wasn't wrong.

"Pressing the fight was the correct decision. Our morale is as high as it can be," another seconded. Again, he wasn't wrong. Yet, he wasn't entirely right either. The common soldier knew that there had been terrible losses, but they didn't understand how terrible. Their expectations were tempered by the belief, which has been deliberately spread, that they had been on the cusp of victory. It would not take long for that particular lie to run its course and for those that believed it to realize it was a lie.

"It won't last," another refuted. "Between the dead and the pox spreading, if this draws out long enough, we'll lose the one advantage we have when our army is too busy shitting themselves to death." Quantity was a quality of its own. The losses of ten thousand men was enough to be a decisive defeat. However, they still had more than a hundred thousand levies. They could afford to lose the same amount each day for ten days, provided the army didn't lose its nerve.

Which it absolutely would.

Something Ecbert understood quite well. "Tomorrow," he proclaimed. "We must win tomorrow, or we cannot win at all."

There was a chorus of agreement with one speaking out, "We press the attack. Commit entirely to offense. Both the hale and the ill. We'll sweep over them and surround them!" That earned a chorus of cheers, hope rekindled in their hearts that victory was still possible.

And when the meeting was adjourned, Pepin retreated to his tent before once more finding himself on a battlefield inside of a carriage. The battlefield was a place of horror in the early morning with a dense fog clinging to the ground. It gave the seemingly countless corpses that were left to rot in the field, either laying where they were slain or gathered in piles outside of the ditch before the Scandinavians, an ethereal quality that made his hair stand on end.

Through the dense fog, he could make out the ready ranks of the Scandinavians. Their banners flapped weakly in a low wind, condensation gathering on their arms and armor. Despite how many people stood on the battlefield, it felt unnaturally quiet. Unnervingly so. As if both armies were so tense that they didn't dare breathe.

The silence was only broken by the sound of a horn, King Ecbert giving the order, and a war cry that followed was every bit as deafening as the silence had been. For a moment, Pepin couldn't even hear himself think, though he felt it -- the ground trembling underfoot, through his carriage, and into him. More than a hundred thousand men stormed across the battlefield, and it felt like an earthquake.

Across the field, the Scandinavians were ready. A trade of arrows wouldn't favor them, and Siegfried foresaw that conclusion. Siegfried's archers stood elevated behind the army, and they met the charging tide with thousands of arrows. It was impossible to miss in those conditions, but from his vantage, Pepin could see the uniquely deadly aim of the archers. Hundreds of men were struck and simply collapsed like puppets with their strings cut -- even if they weren't dead when they fell, they soon were when they were trampled by their comrades behind them.

A second volley was delivered, and it was no less deadly. Neither was the third or the fourth. Or the fifth-

'The mud,' Pepin realized. The battlefield was complete upturned dirt from the conflict yesterday from so many men stepping on it. It hadn't rained, yet the morning was humid, and that wetness was seeping into the dirt, which slowed their advance. Perhaps not by much. It was no thick muck that threatened to claim every boot initially for those at the forefront, but for those that came behind them? When their lifeblood soaked into the earth and the already upturned dirt was further mixed with hundreds of feet ahead of them?

It staggered the army. Allowing the archers to unleash not just a fifth volley, but a sixth and a seventh in short order. They focused their aim, weakening the wall of bodies that they faced, which in turn allowed the infantry to act.

They kept their nerve despite the odds. That, more than anything else, was what Pepin focused on when the lines of infantry shifted before unleashing a wall of spears into the mass of charging men. A pila, Pepin realized with dark amusement. Siegfried was using Rome's own tactics against them. That amusement didn't last long when his stomach clenched, the screams of men dying and in agony reaching his ears and the scent of blood became so thick he could taste it.

By the time their army struck the Scandinavian front line, Pepin expected their charge to be blunted. To break like a fragile spear. He wouldn't blame them for it. After witnessing that slaughter yesterday, he wouldn't have stepped foot on the field. But they met the Scandinavians with defiant roars, and it was at that moment Pepin realized he had underestimated Anglo-Saxon army.

There were few motivations more potent than hate and love, and they didn't feel any love for those who had ravaged their homes.

So they fought on, overcoming the piles of corpses and the ditches that were soon filled with them, all clashing against a frontline of interlocked shields. The clash rang out, almost like a clap of thunder, and it served as a rallying cry. There was no grand display of tactics. No clever ruse. It was a simple overwhelming force that pushed against the frontline, threatening to shatter it or move it. And, after long minutes of fighting, the full might of the army exerting its weight, it was the latter that unfolded.

The front line of the Scandinavians retreated a step to avoid buckling, but soon found themselves taking a second in the face of the surge of morale. Inch by inch, step by step, Pepin watched as the Scandinavian retreated from their position and the army steadfastly chased them.

"They're abandoning the high ground!" Someone shouted out, taking it as a sign of victory. And the Scandinavians were -- Pepin watched the well entrenched position be steadily overwhelmed, forcing them to retreat down the hill and into the fading morning mists. It was better than what they could hope for.

Yet…

'Their formation is still solid.' Pepin was not a military man. He was not a hardened soldier or a brilliant tactician. He just had sharp eyes and a sharper mind to make up for his twisted spine. And what he saw was their army pressing on, chasing after their success in the efforts to break the Scandinavians and surround them… yet it was what he didn't see that began to worry him.

"King Ecbert," Pepin spoke up from the carriage, meeting the king's eyes to find his expression could have been carved from granite for all the emotion that it showed. "Their cavalry."

"I know," Ecbert replied. "But I'm afraid that it is too late."

It took a split second for the meaning of the words to settle. Then he looked to the army that chased the Scandinavians off the hill that they fortified, into the valley beneath it. With grim understanding, he realized the truth -- they had effectively lost control of the army. It was too vast, too unwieldy, and too drunk on progress. They were convinced the next step would be the one that broke the enemy. Even if King Ecbet warned of the coming cavalry charge until he was blue in the face, their army wouldn't be able to respond.

Because it had become a mob. An armed, furious mob that wanted blood.

Still, runners were dispatched in an attempt to reign in the army. To establish some semblance of control over it before they heedlessly walked into a trap. Yet, if any progress was made to the goal, Pepin didn't see it when the trap was sprung.

A horn cut through the air like a knife, followed by the sound of galloping horses. They almost appeared as specters, erupting from the fog, streaming forth into the sides of their army. Pepin couldn't see the entirety of the impact, only how their forces shuddered under the unexpected blow.

However…

"I hear horses," Pepin realized, his heart rising to his throat before he shuffled to the other side of the carriage, ignoring a red hot spike of pain in his back from the sudden movement before he ripped open a window. He wasn't the only one who had noticed, but it was far too late to do anything.

More horsemen appeared from behind their backline, and they weren't in small numbers. There were thousands of them. Had their scouts failed so utterly that they missed such a force? Or had they walked into a much grander trap than they realized? Pepin supposed it mattered little as their horsemen, all nobility and their chosen few guard, started to react. They circled around, some breaking off from the force to flee while others were gathering their resolve.

Prince Æthelwulf was doing what he could to rally them, barking out orders between lines of prayer. He was a warrior to his core. More so than his father, who watched the oncoming charge with the expression of a man who knew he had been outplayed, and accepted the consequences.

Yet, despite the Prince's valor, it wasn't enough to make up for the difference in numbers. The Scandinavian cavalry swept over them, clashing against those who would fight and tearing those who wouldn't off their horses so that they couldn't flee.

Pepin didn't try to fight or escape. His carriage wasn't particularly suited to either, nor was he. Instead, he watched as the nobility were swiftly captured and subdued, the rest of the cavalry holding off what remained of their reserve forces. Which were those so ill they could barely stand and would likely be dead come morning. The capture was efficient. Practiced. Well executed, with Prince Æthelwulf being brought to the ground and secured with ropes, while spears were leveled in Ecbert's direction.

His gaze landed on the apparent leader of the charge that trotted up to his carriage. He was a large man with dark hair and a neatly groomed beard tucked under a helm that he took off to meet Pepin's eyes. It was the first time that they met, but he knew the man -- King Haldur, brother of Emperor Siegfried. "You must be Prince Pepin," Haldur observed, a calculating glint in his eyes.

Pepin held his gaze for a long few seconds before laughter spilled forth from his lips.

It seemed that only his enemies acknowledged that he was a prince.


…
​

"They're breaking," I observed in a cold voice, looking across the battlefield. I had underestimated the religious fervor that would carry the army forward, but I had prepared for it. As it was impossible to fully repel the weight of so many people, I instead planned around getting pushed back. Abandoning the high ground would convince the enemy that our fighting retreat was genuine, allowing us to lead them where our cavalry was hidden. The mass charges on the side, combined with a dedicated push with our infantry had the intended effect.

They were being squeezed and panic was setting in.

Some at the back were breaking off to run, but many more still fought -- one part because of fervor, but mostly because they still believed that they were on the cusp of victory. It took time to put that delusion to rest. And by the time that it was, when the common soldier looked around for guidance from his superiors, he found them all dead by our sharpshooters. It was only then that the army began to disintegrate, breaking apart to flee.

Something I would not allow, sending my cavalry after them. The battlefield was littered with corpses, some of them stacked so high they stood as tall as I did. Yet more would die in the coming hours as I cemented my victory. This land was always going to be a problematic land to rule from afar, and the greater the casualties were, the better. Not only would it mean fewer rebels in the future, it would discourage those who might think to pick up a spear.

It would be an example to point to, proving such actions were futile.

My men unleashed a victorious war cry, knowing that the day was won. Our losses were light. Extremely so given the number of men we'd faced, but the armor we wore wasn't infallible. The shield wall fractured in some places, some of my men getting pulled out of the line and swarmed like ants. However, our losses were around a hundred dead. A few hundred more wounded.

"I thought we were going to lose," Ragnar admitted next to me, a note of quiet awe in his voice. He stared out at the field of the dead, and it was not the first time he had seen such death. Though it was the first time Magnus had, and he seemed pale at the sheer volume of bloodshed. He kept his composure, however. And that was the important part.

I chuckled, urging my horse forward and my sons followed along with their guards. "We almost did," I admitted, earning a sharp look from Rangar. "If our line had faltered, we would have lost. If any part of the army failed to do what it was told, it would have had a cascading effect that there would be no stopping."

I glanced at my sons, expecting an elaboration as we rode through the battlefield. There were corpses scattered across the hill, and already the bodies of our own were being pulled from the piles to be burned with honors. Their arms and armor would go to their next of kin, along with their bones.

"We won because of our discipline?" Magnus found his voice, and it was when we rounded the hill that the scattered corpses became piles. The stench of death was thick, the thin mist obscuring them ever so slightly. Still, it was a great killing field. I estimated that we had killed roughly ten thousand yesterday. Today, perhaps as many as thirty thousand.

It really spoke to their absurd numbers that there was enough of an army left over that if they regrouped, they would still outnumber us.

"Our training. Our armor and weapons. Experience played its part too," I confirmed with a soft nod, spying our destination. The noble prisoners who were smart enough to stay on the backlines. The prisoners that King Ecbert wanted to keep close. His son among them.

The prisoners were huddled together, but as king, Ecbert was afforded additional luxuries. He sat on top of his horse, his crown still resting on his brow. He wore a decidedly neutral expression, watching our approach. Then, when we arrived, he threw on a well-practiced smile.

"I don't suppose it would be too late to negotiate terms?" He asked, as if he were in a position to negotiate.

As if he hadn't sent a runner in the dead of night with terms carried in a letter. A deal struck in the shadows, known only to myself, King Ecbert, and the messenger. A deal that made King Ecbert as much of an accomplice to our victory as our soldiers because I agreed to those terms.

King Ecbert was a man who knew he'd lost the war, so he was determined to win the peace. And that made him dangerous.

However, I played my part in the deception.

"No. I don't suppose that it is."

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, nicolebolas and 445 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Cashing Out New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,621
Ecbert didn't believe in God. Neither did he believe in the Devil. But, he supposed if either Heaven or Hell were real, then he would undoubtedly be consigned to the latter. His ambitions were of this world -- a supreme Wessex and an England united underneath it. His son, Æthelwulf, was a dense lad. He was incapable of the delicate political maneuverings, so if England was to one day conquer Alba and the Éire, then they needed momentum that could be carried forward to his generation and beyond it.

It was an ambition that he dedicated himself to in his entirety. The closest he had ever come to believing in God was when Emperor Charlemagne had opened his coffers to Wessex in the name of securing their borders and expansion. It had seemed entirely too good to be true. While he still doubted the existence of God, there was increasingly more proof of the Devil.

Odds were he was seated across from him.

"Allvaldr Siegfried," Ecbert uttered the name that had darkened his shores and cast years of careful plans into utter disarray. "My congratulations on your victory. I hope that it was at least hard won?"

Siegfried at least looked the part. To the peasants, a king was the closest they would ever get to God, and it was the greatest con in history that a crown made a man in any way special once it was placed upon his brow. Ecbert was under no delusion that he was any better or worse than a peasant toiling in the field. He merely had the great fortune of being born to the right father and being a bit cleverer than most.

The man who sat across from him looked as if he were more of a god than a man. Large. Almost unseemingly so. A mane of blood red hair that was smoothed back, his beard cut short. He wore a king's ransom in armor, while the head of the beast that rested on one shoulder seemed to be staring right into Ecbert's soul. Likewise, he had never been under the delusion that victory against such a man was in any way possible.

You don't win the kind of victories that Siegfried did and be a fool. If he was going to fight their oversized army, then it meant he was confident that he could win. And if he had to place a wager on himself or Siegfried, then the answer was obvious.

Thus Ecbert decided that if he couldn't win, then he would control how he lost.

"You made us bleed for it," Siegfried acknowledged. His boys stood at his sides, and both of them were going to grow up to be little monsters. Or not so little, given their height. The one on Siegfried's right, Ragnar, would be King of Alba one day. King Lucas was an interim king. Ecbert was quite aware of the man. His reign would end with him dead in a few years or revolt, and both fates were being avoided by ongoing support by Scandinavia. An empire didn't expend resources like that to rule indirectly.

Not Siegfried.

And certainly not Charlemagne.

"I suppose that is the most that could be hoped for given the circumstances. I must say, well played," Ecbert inclined his head to Siegfried. He personally wanted to strangle the man, but Ecbert could admire a master at work.

Siegfried repaid him the same courtesy, "It was a bargain well struck." The boys at his side kept their expression neutral, but there was a slight shift in their posture that betrayed their displeasure. "You have upheld your end of it. As shall I."

There was a knot of tension that bled out of Ecbert at that. It had been a risk. A dangerous one. But he would not survive without taking risks- not when he was being crushed by two overwhelming influences. Siegfried and Scandinavia on one side, Charlemagne and Rome on the other. So, he plotted. He schemed.

And he walked a tightrope.

"The terms?" Ecbert prodded, keeping his expression warm but neutral.

"You shall remain King of Wessex, with everything south of Hadrian's Wall being your sphere of influence," Siegfried confirmed. Mercia and a vast swathe of Northumbria, both would fall under his dominion. A unified England, even if it wasn't the borders that he had envisioned. The battle had gone perfectly.

The problematic elements he had accepted in his court for the sake of wealth and appearances had been culled. They had thanked him for the opportunity to be in the vanguard, and if they weren't dead already, then they would be soon enough. If not by disease deliberately spread to them, then by an assassin's dagger in the dark. The lords that he would rule over would benefit enough from the windfall that even if they suspected, they wouldn't dare make an accusation.

England was within his grasp.

"Your son, Æthelwulf, will become a guest at my court, alongside the sons and heirs of several of your nobility," Siegfried listed off the cost of what he gained. It was a loss. Truly. Æthelwulf was in a pivotal moment in his education. Yet, there was an opportunity there.

Æthelwulf was but a few years older than Ragnar and Magnus. A friendship between them would benefit the fledgling England quite well. Politics would always be politics, but there was a possibility that England could gain a lull. A brief period of time to firmly establish itself and its independence from both Scandinavia and Rome. Failing that, there were few friendships that were stronger than being the only familiar faces in an unfamiliar land.

Ecbert had learned as much when he was abroad in Charlemagne's court. Fools he wouldn't have pissed on if they were on fire were fast friends. At least until he learned Frankish.

They would form a bedrock of loyalty when his son was returned to him.

"A weregild of five hundred pounds of gold and silver will be paid separately, with each ransom to be capped at a maximum of twenty pounds of gold and silver." The cost stung, but the truth was his treasury could endure it. It was a necessary cost as well.

As far as his nobles were aware, he was on a lonely hill, negotiating their freedom with the Devil himself. Too good of a deal would arouse suspicion. Too bad of one would be ruinous. But one that was just good enough, with himself shouldering much of the perceived burden? Sparing them from ruinous ransoms that would have taken the last bits of wealth they had left in this world?

Debts could be every bit as valuable as loyalty. If leveraged correctly, of course.

"Lastly, a truce lasting five years between the forces I leave behind in Alba and Britannia at large." That last term was the one Ecbert resented the most. Five years wasn't a lot of time, but it wasn't a small amount either. Those five years could be spent undermining Alba, but to make matters worse was the knowledge that Siegfried was leaving token forces behind to maintain his influence. "At the end of the truce, your son and other noble hostages shall be returned. So I vow."

It was not a good peace deal, but it wasn't ruinous either. Especially given their current circumstances. He had been forced to thread the needle between Charlemagne and Siegfried, and while he hadn't managed to do so flawlessly, given the circumstances at hand…

He would maintain his independence from Siegfried and Charlemagne. Charlemagne had all but sought to buy out the crown and England itself. The wealth he expended on Ecbert's realm demanded a return. The very same kind of debts Ecbert intended to leverage against his nobility would be leveraged against him in turn. It would be a slow death for England. Trade concessions, rights, then England would become a junior partner before its independence was eroded like a sandcastle in the face of the tide.

Ecbert had maintained appearances that he was upholding his end of the bargain. Charlemagne had doubts, of course, otherwise he wouldn't have instructed the Paladins to offer gentle reminders of his obligations. Yet, the fact that neither had taken to the field told Ecbert all that he needed to know and compelled him to send that first message -- victory was impossible, even with the Grace of God on their side.

He would have preferred not to fight the battle at all, but apparently, Siegfried was the kind of man who saw that he was outnumbered four times over and considered it a good time. Unfortunate, but by securing terms in advance, he could prevent his realm from being outright conquered. Even better, with so much of Wessex's strength retained, and after such a bloodletting, Charlemagne would be inclined to make further investments as Ecbert had followed his will to the letter.

"As do I," Ecbert swore. There were other details, of course. They had managed to capture a few dozen Northman raiders over the various skirmishes, and all would be returned to Siegfried. "There is one additional matter that I would like to discuss. Lord Pepin, son of Charlemagne. What is to be done with him?"

He had developed a soft spot for the hunchback. There were precious few who could match him in wits and enjoyed a game of chess as much as he did. However, Ecbert understood that Pepin was largely outside of his ability to help. He was an advisor sent by his father, but he was foremost the son of the reigning Roman Emperor. His freedom was Charlemagne's responsibility.

But he would do what he could. Even if it was merely saying a few words in Pepin's defense.

"He is being held ransom by my brother. A letter has already been dispatched to his father," Siegfried answered, and that soothed the worst of his concerns. The Paladins hadn't confessed their intentions towards Siegfried's children, but they didn't need to. It was a relief to see that Siegfried was not as vengeful as the stories made him out to be -- else Pepin would suffer a most undeserving fate for the actions of his father. "We shall depart from your lands before we receive an answer, so he will accompany your son and the other hostages to our homeland."

"I see," Ecbert uttered, offering a nod of acceptance. Pepin's departure would be a loss, but so long as he wouldn't be killed… pressing the matter would require far more leverage than he currently had. "Then I shall pray that you return home safely. And quickly."

Siegfried offered a humorless smile that didn't reach his eyes. "I thank you for it, King Ecbert."

With that, the negotiations were concluded.


…
​

"You didn't lie," Magnus observed once King Ecbert departed from the tent, content that he had secured everything he cared about -- the future of England. And he had, for a time.

"I didn't need to," I agreed. The plans that I'd made before the raid had begun had already adapted once. They could do so again. "Ecbert places more value on the perception of being King of England than the reality of it."

For the next five years, Ecbert would bear the aftermath of the raid. It would be he that brought order to the towns and villages, many of which had everything of value ripped away. We took not only their wealth, but their tools to smelt down into armor. Life would be hard in Brit- England for the next few years. And as much as that ire would be directed at us for committing the deed, it would be directed at Ecbert just as much depending on how well he handled everything that came next.

I didn't know if he would succeed or fail. Or if he would fall somewhere in the middle. If he was smart, he would focus his efforts on the most valuable stretches of land, but even that would have significant repercussions down the line when the truce ended.

The seeds to take over all of Britannia had been planted. In five years, it would come time to reap what we had sown. And I suppose time would tell who had gotten the better part of the deal we made, simply because there was no doubt in my mind that Ecbert knew exactly what I intended.

"Are we done with the raid, Father?" Ragnar asked, and I rested a hand on his head and ruffled his hair.

"Aye, we are," I confirmed. It was still fall, and the window for our departure was closing. Unless we wanted to winter in Britannia, the raid had achieved everything that I wanted it to. The wealth that we had secured would fuel the projects I sponsored across Scandinavia and the victory solidified the legitimacy of the empire. The raid, and the battle that followed, would be a shining example that I could point to as an argument in the years to come at why the unification was necessary and why the individual kingdoms were greater when they were part of a larger whole.

The captured soldiers, which still numbered in the tens of thousands even after the route, were dispersed across Northumbria and Mercia to make their way home in defeat. Once there wasn't a possibility of Ecbert reneging on the bargain, I gave the order to return to Geymsla with our noble prisoners.

To say they were sullen was an understatement, but that would mellow with time.

My army marched to the forts that we used on the mainland, setting sail back to Geymsla while also destroying the forts to ensure that they couldn't be used against us. It was only when we arrived back on the small Island of Mann and Geymsla itself that the celebrations began in earnest. A feast butchered the animals that we couldn't take with us and the island couldn't support while thanks were offered to the gods with sacrifices.

I played the role that was expected of me in public, making no small number of toasts and bestowing gifts upon those that had proven their valor. All the while, I calculated exactly how much we had earned with the raid. And the answer was obscene.

I was no stranger to wealth. It had been a very long time since I was a boy on a farm and a pound of silver seemed like an unimaginable fortune. My time in Saxony and the Mediterranean had given me a great tolerance for gold and silver and precious gems. But when I conferred with the warehouse overseers, I was compelled to do the math three times just to ensure there wasn't a mistake.

Fifty-five thousand pounds of gold, silver, and jewels.

Most of it sourced from churches and treasuries across Britannia, with six hundred from the ransom that was swiftly gathered and delivered. All of it had to be melted down into conveniently sized ingots, otherwise it'd take a dozen trips just to transport it all. It was a sum that was everything that I needed it to be. Enough that I could sponsor my projects and still fill the treasury to the brim.

It was matched by twenty-eight thousand thralls that were claimed. It was fewer than I had prepared for, but several thousand more than I would like. Unsurprisingly, the majority were women to counter the… shortage, for lack of a better word, back home. For that reason, they were important. In the years since I assumed the throne, there had been an explosion in population as our realm became more connected than it ever had been before.

Yet, it still wasn't enough. To develop the inner kingdoms, such as Norway, Sweden, Sami, or Finland -- we needed people. Migration was a solution, but the easterlands were not well populated and the population that was there mostly consisted of nomads.

There would come a day when Charlemagne's authority over the resurrected Roman Empire would not be so new. So fragile. He was already taking steps towards it. Just as the raid was a great victory for me, it was also a victory for him. The wealth we took, the slaughter on the battlefield -- all of it would feed into the narrative that he was developing. That the Christian faith was under attack.

I still played my part in that narrative. It was too beneficial not to. But I wasn't blind to what he was doing… and five years from now?

Neither of us would be so unsteady. My empire wouldn't be so new with the first generation of men being born and raised inside of a unified empire. And Charlemagne would continue to feed that narrative until it became something terrible.

Which left me to turn to a few pieces I had on the board.

"Our truce stands with Wessex," I told Hjalmar, who was seated to my right during one of the long days of feasting. "There are to be no excursions south of Hadrian's Wall. However, the Éire has no such agreement protecting it."

I found myself rather fond of Hjalmar. To my eyes, he shined blue, marking him as someone loyal. More than that, he was uniquely unambitious coupled with being exceptionally competent. He wasn't someone who would blaze a trail and ignite passion in the hearts of his men and people, but if given a task, no matter how arduous, he would reliably see it through. It was for that reason I trusted him to act in my name once more.

"Ten thousand men will be yours to command, who will remain in Geymsla." Which would open up more room for the thralls taken in the raid. "My recommendation is that you use them to secure the coast and the fort, first and foremost. However, raiding actions should be limited. For that reason, I am leaving five hundred pounds of gold and silver in the town coffers to be used at your discretion."

Hjalmar listened quietly, and offered a small nod. "You wish me to buy their good will?"

"Essentially. The next winter will be a hard one for many. Gold and bread will sate those that bend the knee, and those that don't?" It had always been the plan. But as I uttered the words, they made me confront something I didn't know how to feel about.

Being King- the Allvaldr, had changed me. I hadn't forgotten the lean times as a child, or how my own brother had succumbed to illness because he'd made sure our bowls were full while his were empty. It was not a tactic that I would have entertained as a younger man. Not as a boy in Saxony, or a bright eyed youth in Rome. But now, I gave the order because it was the most effective course of action to accomplish my goals. Which was a stable Eire during the truce.

"Those that refuse will rally. That will make it easy to sort out your enemies. None will be able to muster such a force as we fought against Ecbert, but if they do manage to unite, then take advantage of our alliance with Alba." A lighter hand would be needed in Alba. The original plan called for memories to fade a touch before we returned to their shores, but the principle was the same. It would just need to be done in stages.

Hjalmar offered one more nod, "Your will shall be done, Allvaldr."

"You have my faith in this, King Hjalmar," I said, testing the title for him. He kept his true thoughts off his face, but I saw it in his eyes -- there was more fear there than excitement. And that was how I knew he would grow into an excellent king.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, nicolebolas and 484 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Heartfelt Revelations New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jun 24, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,638
Æthelwulf gazed out sullenly over the bow of Emperor Siegfried's ship, realizing that they were nearing their destination. Fog covered the sea like a blanket, obscuring the land, but he still saw the trees poking through. He wasn't sure what he expected from Denmark and the Empire of Scandinavia. No, that was a lie.

He expected savagery and debasement. They were a people who not only were without the light of God, but scorned him. If they had homes at all, then they would be made of bone and mud. Corpses would be put on display like a mockery of Hell itself. Men and women would walk naked in the streets, fighting over scraps like they were dogs.

It was why he was sullen when Denmark failed to live up to that expectation. Because what he saw emerging from that fog was no city made of mud and blood, filled with ignorant savages. What he saw, in a word, was… civilization.

And it was galling to admit.

Almost like a curtain, the fog pulled itself back as if to unveil the city of Miklagard in all of its wondrous glory. The harbor was vast. So vast that Æthelwulf had little doubt that the entirety of the Scandinavian fleet could disembark at once. That harbor was framed by tall buildings made of stone, some standing taller than his father's palace. They were capped with domed, almost ship-like roofs with chimneys emerging where the rudder would go.

There was a crowd to greet them. Or their Emperor, specifically. They gathered en masse along the vast network of larger and smaller docks, their cheers carrying over the calm waters. They were not dressed as nobles or kings, yet they didn't wear the base furs or ragged cloth that he expected. More than that, however -- there were so many. Thousands. Tens of thousands, even?

"Father says that two hundred thousand citizens dwell within the city." Æthelwulf stilled when Prince Ragnar seemed to hear the thoughts in his head, and for all Æthelwulf knew, he had. After their unexplained and impossible victory on the Red Field, Æthelwulf didn't doubt their devilish magics- "It's a common question. Miklagard earned its name for good reason. We have other cities across the empire, many built by my father's hand, but Miklagard stands as the greatest of them all."

Æthelwulf inclined his head to Prince Ragnar, not at all certain what to make of the younger man. Or his older wife, who looked at him like she was trying to decide which angle to slit his throat at every time they made eye contact.

"There will be a parade to display our spoils." Ragnar continued, and it went unsaid that he and his people would be considered amongst them. "We'll get a decent look at the city and some of its landmarks. However, should you wish, I could give you and your companions a more private tour?"

Prince Ragnar was unfailingly polite. It was… irritating in a way that Æthelwulf wasn't skilled enough to articulate. He had been taken from his home, forced to live amongst heathens, and everyone was just so… nice. It made his flesh crawl.

Still, it could be an opportunity. He doubted that he would be able to swim all the way back home, but if the opportunity arose to escape, then learning the layout of Miklagard was the obvious first step.

The regents of Miklagard seemed well prepared for Siegfried's success. Upon disembarking, horses and parade wagons were provided for what amounted to a Triumph. It was a cold comfort that he was not bound in chains or gagged, but Æthelwulf understood that he and his fellows were no less on display as the literal mountains of gold and jewels that were openly piled up in a display of grandeur. Artifacts stolen from churches and noble homes were almost unceremoniously piled up for all to see.

One wagon would have been a sight. Yet, there were dozens, all pulled by mules that were laden with more treasures. It had almost been a running jest about the sheer scope of Siegfried's theft, but when it was gathered up so, Æthelwulf really did wonder if the Emperor had looted every last spec of gold and silver from his homeland. Those wagons were flanked by the marching Ironclads, each taking a step in unison with their brothers if they weren't seated upon iron clad horses.

Æthelwulf watched the crowd that only seemed to grow during the triumph. Men, women, and children cheered with unabashed joy at the return of their Emperor. They gathered in the streets, they hung out of the windows to throw out handfuls of flower petals that rained upon them, or they danced with banners.

There was a clenching in his gut when he realized the scope of Miklagard. It was… an impressive city, but he hadn't been able to conceive how vast it really was until they began their long winding loop through it. The lines of tall houses seemed to run on without ending, and at the very edges of the city, he saw hints that construction was ongoing and had only paused to celebrate their return.

That paled in comparison to what he felt when he saw the Colosseum. It was a vast building that he struggled to believe was real when he first caught sight of it. He was no stranger to fighting pits and stages, there were plenty to be found in Wessex, but none could hold a candle to the vast arena. One so large it felt like it could seat everyone in Winchester with room to spare.

There was a surplus of art and color. Buildings painted vibrant hues while statues seemed to be erected in every other street corner with many covered in the devilish runes the Northmen preferred. That growing sense of unease only continued to swell the longer the triumph was, but it reached its zenith when they arrived at the palace and the plaza before it. It was…

He hated it. Æthelwulf wasn't even sure why at first, not until he took his place amongst his fellow hostages, presented before the plaza alongside their hoard of treasure. A crowd naturally gathered in the plaza and Æthelwulf saw a sea of faces. When he did, he understood the cause of his hate.

'I'm jealous.' He was jealous of pagans. Of those who had scorned the light of God. Who had ravaged his home.

He hated it because he'd expected savagery and instead found civilization. One that cast a long shadow over his own homeland. And that, more than anything else, was the knot of envy that formed around his heart.

"My people," Siegfried began in a booming voice that carried across the crowd. "Let there be no doubt that the gods smile upon us, as our raid and our kin in the distant Mediterranean, both found great success! Riches! Glory! Fame! We have proven beyond all doubt that together, we are strong. That we are mighty!"

The crowd, predictably, cheered. It pricked at him how fervent the cheering was. Enough so that it took a minute for them to quite down enough for Siegfried to continue.

"Years ago, I had a dream of what our future could be. A dream that was born in Saxony against the Frankish Empire. A dream that was nurtured in the Roman Empire," Siegfried continued, a weight to his voice. "Upon my return to my homeland, I began a labor that I knew would outlive me. I sought to forge an empire, binding our people from distant quarreling tribes, giving rise to cities. Kingdoms. Unity." The crowd hung on every word, waiting on bating breath for him to continue.

"I stand before you proud. Through tireless nights and with the sweat on our brow, together, we have laid a foundation that will be built upon by our children and their children," Siegfried uttered, and Æthelwulf could hear the smile in his voice. "I also stand before you to say that the labor is not yet done. We have won a great victory, that is true. We have earned a vast amount of wealth, that I cannot deny. Nor can I that those beyond our borders look at what we have built with fear and envy!"

The words almost felt directed at him specifically.

"What say you? Will you let them?" The crowd had been loud before, but now they unleashed a war cry that almost staggered him with the force behind it. This time, it took even longer for them to quiet down. "I thought not! Yet, they will try! The Romans at our borders will seek to destroy all that we have built! Because they fear what we can accomplish when we stand together! We fight together! Build together!"

"I make you this vow, my people," Siegfried swiftly continued before the cheering could drown him out. "When the Romans come… we will be ready!"

The very worst part about it?

Æthelwulf believed him.


…
​

Ragnar hadn't realized how much he missed his home until he found himself walking its halls once again. There were subtle changes from his memories, mostly the decorations that were on display -- different statues, vases, or tapestries. Still, it was undeniably his home.

Maeve, for her part, was digging her nails into his arm out of nervousness. She had a wide eyed look that Ragnar was struggling not to laugh at, like she was trying to see everything all at once and couldn't decide what demanded her attention more. He thought she had been more prepared to see his home. For his part, he had described it to her so she would have something of a warning.

He grew up around finery. Even as far back as Norland, Ragnar had long since been desensitized to lavish amounts of wealth on display. He imagined that his father looked similar when he arrived at Constantinople as a younger man.

They walked quickly down the halls for a private reunion. And an introduction. More public reunions would come in the feasts and speeches that would follow, all the kings under his father basking in the success and congratulating each other on a job well done.

A thrill raced through him when the doors opened, revealing the rest of his family-

"Father!" Radahn shouted out, not caring a wit about decorum and running forward. Bjorn was right behind him, throwing their arms around their father with large grins on their faces.

"You both have grown," Father acknowledged, a softness in his voice that Ragnar rarely heard.

"We're men now," Radahn decided, making Ragnar swallow a laugh. "So the next time you go raiding, we can come too, right?"

"... I will make you both a deal. If you study hard and train harder, the next time I go raiding, you can come with me," Father conceded, much to his younger brothers' joy. Both of them were completely unaware that Father didn't intend to go raiding for years. He likely wouldn't leave the empire again until it was time to conquer Britannia.

The soft moment was interrupted when his mother approached. Ragnar found himself meeting her gaze with some apprehension. It hadn't exactly been the plan to get married during the raid. Even these months later, he didn't regret the decision, but he also knew that it was certainly going to be a… surprise for his mother.

"And you must be my son's bride, Maeve," Mother greeted her warmly. Enough so that Maeve was a bit startled by it, but she recovered swiftly.

"I am, Allvaldís," Maeve agreed, making Mother smile.

"Please, just call me Astrid. I've never been one for ceremony," she admitted, though she tossed Father a very pointed look. "Though I would have appreciated being able to attend my son's wedding."

Oh. Father was right. She might actually kill him.

"But," Mother continued, looking back at Maeve. "Welcome to the family. We're always happy to see it grow and welcome a new member into the fold," she said, reaching out and squeezing Maeve's hands gently. That earned a more relaxed and honest smile from his wife. "And speaking of the family growing."

A knot that Ragnar hadn't realized was there melted away when a set of doors opened, revealing Aunt Morrigan. When she hadn't been there with Aunt Jill and Aunt Jasmine… it was a thought he was all too happy to dismiss, rushing over alongside Magnus and his Father. In her arms was a young child, perhaps six or seven months old.

"The gods favor you, Siegfried. Another son for your growing collection," Aunt Morrigan remarked with a dry sarcasm, passing the bundle to Father. The babe squirmed at getting passed around, looking up at them with golden eyes that were settled in an annoyed scowl. His hair was different, Ragnar noticed. All of his siblings shared their Father's blood red hair, but his youngest brother's was darker. Still red, but so dark to the point of being black, and only looked red in the light. "I have named him Hakon. He's a clever boy."

"Hello, Hakon. It's such a relief to finally meet you. I'm your father-"

"Father-" Ragnar's father nearly dropped Hakon when the infant spoke. It wasn't clean. More of a fa-ur, but there could be no mistaking his intent when he pointed at their father and repeated himself. "Father."

"T'is as I said," Aunt Morrigan continued with evident pride. "He's exceedingly clever. He takes after his father too much, I think."

"And his mother," Father replied with a grin. Despite Hakon's increasingly annoyed expression at being poked and prodded, Ragnar found that he couldn't look away from his baby brother, who held the tip of his finger in such a grip it was as if he were attempting to rip it off.

His cleverness didn't just end there. Upon being introduced to the babe, Hakon identified Ragnar as Rags. Magnus was shortened to Mags. Every word uttered was with a thick accent of a chubby child-like drawl, but there was no denying it -- Hakon was able to identify and name them.

Ragnar played with Radahn and Bjorn endlessly during Father's conquest of Scandinavia, attempting to fill their father's shoes so they wouldn't miss him as much. Hakon wasn't merely clever. Ragnar liked to think he was clever. That all of his siblings were clever. They were praised endlessly by their tutors; they met and exceeded every expectation placed upon them… Hakon was a step beyond that. If not several steps.

It was a strange feeling. One that lingered when the reunion commenced in earnest -- Ragnar embraced his sisters, finding that the months he had been gone had them grow from girls to young women. He regaled his younger siblings with tales of their adventures that were only a little exaggerated. Once she found her footing, Maeve spoke with his mother, aunts, and siblings in turn.

The family reunion didn't so much as end when supper came for an informal meal together as it shifted. Private conversations began, such as the one Ragnar and Maeve were pulled into by his mother.

"Becoming a king is no small matter, Ragnar," Mother whispered to him, taking his hand into hers. "Especially across the sea. It wouldn't be the same as taking a kingdom here. Over there… you'll be isolated. Days away."

"I know it won't be easy," he admitted. "Father has already spoken to me about my lessons in rulership." In essence, he would be shadowing him in the years to come, learning to steward a kingdom and navigate the seas of diplomacy.

By the time he returned to Alba, he would be eighteen. Hopefully, with five years of experience learning from the greatest leaders of their time would mean he wouldn't make a horrid mess of things upon assuming the throne.

"That's not the part that I'm worried about," Mother said, squeezing his hand. "I won't be able to see you so easily in Alba." That, admittedly, wasn't something he thought of when he agreed to the marriage. He just saw it as a way to bring Alba into the empire peacefully and without bad blood. Of course, such a thing would come with a cost, but he hadn't thought his mother would suffer for it. "And more than that… being a king gives you prestige. It gives your name weight. But you won't be able to use that weight and influence on the other kings of the realm. Not if you intend to become the heir."

That was another issue Father had discussed with him at length in the weeks leading up to the wedding and the ride back home. How the phrase 'out of sight and out of mind' was a very real thing when it came to rulership. Being seen was as important a part of being king as ruling well was -- and in Alba, while he wouldn't be as isolated as his mother feared, it would only be natural for his fellow monarchs to focus on their relationships within their power bloc around the Baltic Sea.

All of the conversations he had with his wife, his father, and now his mother… His mind lingered on all of them. A question that he hadn't been able to earnestly answer back in that cabin when Maeve asked him. A response that sat heavily on his tongue when his father assumed his desire to become King of Alba was a result of a grander desire to become the next Allvaldr.

"... And if I don't want to be the heir?" Ragnar asked, almost wary of her reaction. He was the eldest. That was the expectation. A constant pressure that he dealt with all of his life. A pressure that he didn't exactly mind, but…

It wasn't there.

That spark of ambition that drove his father to sail across the world to learn from the successes and failures of the Roman Empire, all so he may apply those lessons to a kingdom he had yet to conquer. Or use that kingdom to create an empire. What drove him was a desire for approval. To meet the expectations of his parents.

And that wasn't enough.

The empire demanded more. Deserved more. Someone who would take all that Father had built and bring it to new heights. Someone who didn't just want to meet his expectations but surpass them. To surpass him.

In that case, Alba was almost uniquely suited as the perfect solution for the heir apparent to step outside of the succession. He would not be shamed. He would simply be… out of sight and out of mind.

Despite his apprehension, there was only love in his mother's eyes. She gave his hand a gentle squeeze and the smile that tugged at her lips told him she already knew everything he wanted to say.

That he didn't want to be the heir.

...

With this chapter, we are officially in the endgame for Legends Never Die. We have about three arcs left, so if my math is correct, around this time next year, I should be writing the last chapters.
The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jcg, Pain4077, Andell and 478 others
Ideas-Guy
Jun 24, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Uncertain Futures New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 1, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,673
My time during the raid had been productive, securing the much needed resources and people to fuel our expansion, but I couldn't deny that it felt good to be back home. Being able to sleep in my own bed next to my wives, work at my own desk, and all the little luxuries I took for granted until they were gone returned to me. Such indulgences did come with a cost, however.

Time.

"The raids into Saxony have increased," Widukind said, seated across from me. Time had been kinder to him since he abdicated the throne, taking a role as an advisor in my court. One of the few that I trusted without reservation, even if it did come with the understanding he would prioritize Saxony above all the other kingdoms. "Not by Charlemagne's will, officially speaking."

I let out a quiet hum, "He just doesn't stop them." To that, Widukind inclined his head to me. "Reprisals will be delivered. It's only a question of how deeply we have to cut into Rome."

"The border provinces… we've always raided each other with every turn of the season. It's just the way of things, but in these last years, Siegfried…" Widukind's lips thinned. "This year, they were raiding to spill blood rather than take treasures. The garrison helps, but that just limits their damage."

"Part of that is what happened in Rome," I offered. "Tensions have risen because of it, and I doubt that they will lessen any time soon." For a multitude of reasons. My raid across Britannia had begun to spread, as well as my victory over the Christian faithful. As the Romans told the story, I had slaughtered every living thing on Britannia down to the last flea on the last rat. Or I had made mass sacrifices to herald the Christian apocalypse.

The flames of religious fervor across Rome were being stoked into an inferno. In some part as a deliberate action by Charlemagne to solidify his rule over Rome. Another hand stoking the flames was my own -- I knew the narrative that would be spun about my actions in the raid, and we had prepared accordingly. Even before the raid had commenced, priests and men of faith had traveled across the Roman Empire to polytheize.

I still found the branch of Christianity that called me a Prophet of God… distasteful. For many reasons. But it was a potent tool to use against Charlemagne, and one I wielded with deadly intent.

The very same denouncements and fervor that the Christians used to decry me and paint me as the Anti-Christ or a demon were used as evidence to prove that I was a prophet. After all, could I really have won that battle in Britannia if it wasn't God's will? Would my empire thrive as it did if I was not part of His plan?

They were unleashed upon Rome like a pox, delivering a carefully constructed message that would turn Charlemagne's weapon against him. That the Christian God had chosen me to tear down the corrupt church that profited off the misery of the faithful. That God demanded a more humble church to act as shepherds for the Christians rather than the corrupt political quagmire that served as a dumping ground for the second and third sons of nobility.

The message was spreading alongside news of my victories in Britannia. How well the message was being delivered, I wouldn't know for years, but I had already heard tales of purges across cities that proclaimed themselves Norse Christians. It was by design. After all, there were few things that spread a message like martyrs and Christianity thrived in the face of oppression.

"Meaning that it is a fine time to keep my promise to you and begin construction of that wall," I continued, watching as some of the tension bled out of Widukind. He'd expected he would have to remind me. "It won't be perfect," I warned him. "A wall that long will have its weak points, which we will use to either delay the enemy from overcoming it or force them to cross where we desire."

Widukind inclined his head, "I am well aware. It's not a perfect solution, but so long as my people are safe from Rome's raiders… that is what I care about." He might no longer call himself king, but Widukind still carried himself as one. "I had thought there might be delays given the number of projects you seem to be financing. As I understand, such a construction effort will be no small task."

It wouldn't be. Saxony was not a small kingdom, and there were swaths of it that were too exposed for my liking. What would serve as the shield against Rome would be high walls connected by a dozen forts. Costly to build, and expensive to maintain.

"The security of my empire is paramount. My other projects are important, but Saxony is where we share a border with our greatest rival. I will spare no expense to see it secure." It was a necessary expense. The rest of my borders were secured by petty kingdoms, and the Khazars had yet to recover from their civil war, though I expected they would soon. Meaning that when the time for war against Rome came, Saxony would be the doorway for our invasion or the battlefield for our defense.

Widukind chuckled. It was a warm sound, "The raid was quite the success, then."

"Jasmine has stopped scolding me about the state of the treasury," I returned with a smile. "For now, at least."

The projects I had set in motion were still going strong. The King's Road was nearing completion -- from the tip of Denmark, all the way around the Baltic Sea, to the shore of Sweden, a single road connected all of my kingdoms. Though, branches of the main artery would still be under construction for another decade, further binding the towns and cities that were being developed. Resources were being exploited, hubs of production were turning those resources into products that were then sold.

Widukind chuckled again, louder this time. "You've come a long way," Widukind voiced without prompting. "How long ago was it when you stood before me as a child in the service of another?"

"... Sixteen years, I think," I mused. Two years fighting against Francia. A year of respite in Norway and reuniting with my family. Another three years in the Mediterranean. A year as King of Norway. Another three securing my empire and forging kingdoms from squabbling tribes. Five long years of ruling them before spending a year in Britannia.

I was in my thirties. No longer a young man, even if I wasn't an old one.

I couldn't help a soft laugh of amusement from escaping me, "In a few years, I'll be the same age as my father when he died." A strange thought. Father had seemed so much older in my memories. Wiser too. For a moment I hated Horrik and Thorfin anew, realizing now just how short they had cut his life. How much more time he had to live alongside all of us.

"Back then, I knew you were destined to change things, but I never dreamed that you would change things this much," Widukind recalled fondly.

"I hadn't either. Not until my time in Rome," I admitted. "There is still more to do, I'm afraid. I won't be able to rest easily for another fifteen years at least." Probably twenty. Maybe even thirty.

It brought my thoughts toward my succession, and I had to swallow a sigh there. It was… disappointing for a number of reasons that Ragnar had confessed his lack of interest in becoming my heir to his mother, who had quietly passed his intent on to me. In part because Ragnar hadn't felt comfortable expressing such things to me. But also because he had all the makings of a fine king.

Alba would do well under his leadership, of that I was certain. Unfortunately, the kingdom of Alba was the extent of his ambition.

My other children were of course candidates to become my heir. All of them promising. Magnus had distinguished himself in Britannia. Bjorn and Radahn were still young, but brimming with potential. Scáthach and Aífe had little interest in rulership, but they still had the capacity for it. However, at that moment, my thoughts drifted to my youngest son.

Hakon was less than a year old. It would be a decade before I would even be able to tell if he had the temperament to become the Allvaldr. By that time, his siblings would be adults and likely with children of their own. It would be another decade before he would be ready to assume to throne as a man of twenty. Yet…

All my children were smart. They applied that intelligence in different ways, of course, but all of my children were immensely intelligent. Hakon, however, was an anomaly. An exceptional one. By the time he was three months old, he was already crawling. At six, he was attempting to walk. He didn't know many words, but there was a sharp awareness in his eyes and behind them was a ravenous intelligence. Within a few months, I expected him to be speaking in simple but complete sentences.

It was too much pressure to place on a child. A baby. One whose future was so unknown at this time. Still, I found myself considering him as a viable heir.

There was a knock at the door followed by a servant speaking, "King Haldur requests an audience."

Widukind inclined his head to me, rising out of his seat without needing to be dismissed. "By your leave, Allvaldr." I returned the nod, and no sooner than he left, Haldur entered with a scowl.

"Read this," he commanded, presenting a letter to me. Taking it with a raised eyebrow, it only took a few lines before I found myself scowling alongside him.

The letter was from Charlemagne. One concerning the ransom of his son Pepin.

Or the lack thereof.

"It was always a possibility," I said, setting the letter aside. Still, it was distasteful. "With the reunification of the Roman Empire, his succession has become complicated. Pepin's stay in Britannia was essentially banishment and ransoming him back just complicates his succession more."

Charlemagne had several children, many of them fathered upon his late wife. His current wife, Empress Irene had borne Charlemagne another son of the name Aurelian. A rather pointed name given that the last Roman Emperor of that name had borne the title of 'Restorer of the World.'

Which made their intent clear. Aurelian would inherit the Roman Empire.

Irene, prior to her remarriage, had most likely murdered her own son to simplify her succession. Charlemagne, however, had three sons: Charles the Younger, Carloman, who was later known as Pepin, and Louis. Pepin the Elder was a hunchback, and while he hadn't ever been formally disinherited, he had been shuffled to the side.

Now that Charlemagne had a child with Irene and he had lived long enough to escape the deadly times as an infant, it was a question of what Charlemagne would do with his other sons. Would he set them aside? Would he take his wife's route?

What would his sons do when they understood that rather than an empire that should have been theirs by right, they instead inherited nothing?

"Doesn't make it sit any better," Haldur complained with a sigh. There was a bubbling frustration in his tone. "Even with a twisted spine like that, a father should at least give a damn about his blood. For appearances' sake, if nothing else."

It had cost my brother leverage when the kings of my empire spoke of dividing the spoils. The son of the Emperor of Rome should have made a fine prize. An expensive one too. Cripple or not, asking for his weight in silver would have been a more than fair price for a ransom.

However, Charlemagne had spent the better part of two decades hiding Pepin's existence. I doubted that the common noble had known Pepin still lived long before he was banished to Britannia.

I also knew what made Haldur's ire rise about being rebuffed. It wasn't solely about the money. Nor was it his lost leverage. It was about power.

All of my kings were kept under my thumb through assets and debts. The mines that I built, the farmland that was cleared, the villages, towns, cities, and the roads that connected them all -- all of them were funded by the crown, and it was only natural that the crown would recoup its investment. That came in the form of higher taxes, percentages of outputs, and ownership of the right titles that secured my grip over the kingdoms. It wasn't something that would last forever, but I didn't need it to. Just long enough for the foundations to settle.

It limited the amount of wealth the kings could gain. All the more so as the realization had settled in that the neighbors whom they raided for extra wealth had become their allies. Or that their dreams of expansion were curtailed by the wall of lesser kingdoms that paid us homage, and were thus under our collective protection, with steep consequences for attacking them.

Some, like my brother, were chaffing under those restrictions.

"What will you do with him?" I asked, swallowing an offer. In the end, he was Haldur's prisoner, not mine. My ability to influence his thinking was limited… and now that I knew Charlemagne had formally washed his hands of his eldest son, I had less reason to.

An unhappy grunt escaped Haldur, and he sensed my position. He didn't bring this letter to me so I could see how cruel Charlemagne could be. He hoped I would offer to leverage my position on his behalf. "He's a cripple, but as far as anyone tells the story, he was half the brains in Britannia. Speaking with him myself, I can believe it." Haldur scratched at his beard before a contemplative expression appeared. As if he just now had the thought and not hours before he entered my office.

"He is clever. And every king has need of a clever fool," Haldur voiced. He was attempting to goad me into taking action, and I had to swallow a sigh.

It was tempting. The position of a fool was a dangerous one. They often served as a mouthpiece for a lord or king, saying the king's thoughts and other things a king wouldn't be allowed to say without incurring insults. It wasn't a practice I indulged in, largely because I had no need of it.

However, it was also a position of ridicule. To play the part of a fool, one had to behave as a fool.

Turning a son of Charlemagne, disgraced or not, into such a thing would be a mighty insult to the Roman Emperor. An insult that would demand a rebuttal. That told me Haldur didn't understand our position.

"I can't say that is what I would do, brother, but he is your prisoner. As is your right," I told him. Haldur swallowed a frown but offered no comment on the decision.

The war with Charlemagne was coming. That was a foregone conclusion. The only questions were when and who would make the first move?

It was something that I had anticipated for years, as I'm sure Charlemagne had. His reunified empire had enough time to bind together. My empire's foundations had some time to settle. Neither of us was ready for the war to come, and we likely wouldn't be for another decade. However, in the time between, we would attempt to goad the other into making the first move before they were ready to act.

Turning his hunchback son into a jester wouldn't be the insult that drove Charlemagne to war, but it would drive him to act.

So, distasteful or not, I would permit it.

When it was clear that I wouldn't act on his behalf, Haldur's enthusiasm for an audience waned sharply. He didn't immediately dismiss himself, but the matters we spoke of next were nothing of substance. Within fifteen minutes, I found myself alone in my office once more, feeling a degree of restlessness.

My thoughts lingered on the topic. The question of succession. Enough so that the pile of reports about increases in food production to match the surplus of population from the raid and the returning warriors from the Mediterranean couldn't hold my attention. Pushing them aside, I found myself standing up and making my way through the palace.

I needed to move around a bit to clear my head. To focus.

The gardens were the domain of my wives, who often used them as a neutral ground when meeting dignitaries. Some fresh air would do me good, I figured, strolling through them. Winter was fast approaching, so it would be some time before the flowers were in bloom again, so I savored the sight while I could.

My arrival didn't go unnoticed, "Father!" Radahn exclaimed before he just about knocked my legs out from underneath me by tackling me from behind. "Are you done being busy, yet?"

"For the moment," I said, ruffling his hair, and we walked together. Radahn took large lumbering steps to match my pace, holding my hand without a care in the world. Careless and free. It was an innocence that Ragnar never had. He had always been a reserved boy. Clever, polite, but reserved.

How much of that was simply his nature, and how much was it a result of my expectations weighing on him? I'd never thought to ask. Never considered that I needed to. My eldest was still young. He might have his armring, but he was still very much a boy who didn't realize how young he was. While I wouldn't discount him as the heir yet, as he had plenty of growing to do and could very well change his mind before I had to formally announce another heir…

But given that he was the son of myself and Astrid, his stubbornness was to be expected.

"Radahn," I spoke up, bringing my son's attention to me. "Would you want to be the Allvaldr one day?"

Even without saying a word, Radahn's expression betrayed such a visceral disgust that one would think he had just stepped in dog shit. "Yuck," he summarized his thoughts on the matter in a word and an exaggerated shake of his head. "Why would I? All you do is sit in your office all day. It's boring."

Well, he wasn't wrong. Still, I exhaled a weak laugh, accepting the answer for what it was. "Then what do you want to do?" I asked him, stroking his hair. Guilt churned in my guts when I realized I had never asked Ragnar the same thing. Or Magnus.

"I'm going to be an adventurer!" Radhan proclaimed, puffing out his chest. "Me and Bjorn decided that we're going to explore the world! Bjorn is going to explore everything to the West, and I'm going to explore everything to the East!"

There was a genuinely excited babble as he spoke quickly, almost as if he were racing to get the words out. "I want to go see the horselords! And that China place that Gyatso told me about. And I want to see what's beyond it!"

I took a breath and let it out slowly, finding myself smiling while I walked with my son through the gardens. "It sounds like a fine dream, son."

A fine dream indeed.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, mohsin, Andell and 459 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 1, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Cold Winds New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 8, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,699
It didn't come to a surprise to Pepin that his father had formally washed his hands of him. His father's feelings for him were rather obvious when he had a younger brother renamed Pepin. From the moment of his birth, when he'd killed his own mother as he was brought into the world, Charlemagne had shunned him. He was kept out of sight. To any and all, Pepin had been a stillborn. Of course, such a secret wasn't a perfectly kept one.

Charlemagne was soft hearted enough to let him live, at least. To let him stay in the palace, even if they rarely ever shared a room together. He was indulged when he sought to learn, granted tutors and texts. However, as his father had more children, the shadows he was hidden away in grew longer. Darker. His exile in all but name had been the end of it. Pepin never expected to set foot in Rome or see his father or any of his siblings again for the remainder of his life.

All of which held true.

What he didn't expect was to be made a fool.

Pepin looked down at the vibrant motley attire that was tailor made for him. One of several sets, all of which were inside of a trunk in the back of the carriage he rode inside of. He wasn't certain if that was thoughtful or if it just added an extra layer to his humiliation.

He had time to dwell on the unexpected turn in his life. When King Haldur departed Miklagard with his army, family, and retinue, Pepin found himself brought along. They crossed the pass that Miklagard was built at the mouth of before riding up a long road towards where he would likely spend the rest of his life. However short that might be. It was a quality road, one that looked to be of Roman make, just without a few hundred years of neglect.

It was easy on his back, at least. Leaving him with the only torment being his thoughts and company.

His gaze remained affixed out the slant of a window. They had passed through a number of villages on the road, which weaved around shores, tall hills, deep valleys… everything looked new to his eyes, in a very literal sense. The houses possessed a vibrancy free of century old wood that sagged under hundreds of layers of paint trying to make them look better than the half rotten piles they were. Houses were made of clay brick or stone, uniformly built. The people living in them were peasants, but they carried themselves lighter than the peasants of Rome or Britannia.

Probably because they thought they were being ruled over by a living god. Pepin did imagine that would improve their disposition when they were told to do something.

Their destination was in sight, and a hum of anxiety made his flesh itch. It wasn't Miklagard. Not even close. The city Siegfried was building was one of absolute absurdity. He'd call it impossible if he hadn't stayed in the city for a week to celebrate the ravishing of several petty kingdoms and a battle that would forever scar their collective memory. Even if Siegfried never stepped foot on Britannia again, a hundred years from now, a flea ridden peasant would use his name interchangeably with the Devil's.

The city of Stockholm was not the largest Pepin had seen, but given that some ten years ago there had been a fishing village in its place, it was quite remarkable. It boasted a population of some thirty thousand -- small in comparison to Miklagard, certainly, but a perfectly respectable city all the same.

It had tall walls made of stone and access to the sea, with a budding expansion growing around the gates leading into the seat of King Haldur's power. With the nature of the tall houses, the city was built up rather than wide while the land around it was cultivated as farmland, orchards, or anything else that would fit.

Pepin found himself frowning when they rode through the city in a triumph, similar to the one Siegfried subjected him to in the capital. That was to be expected. It was part of being a king. What irritated him was the palace itself. While it couldn't compare to the vast opulence of the Emperor's, it was equal to anything Pepin had stayed in. Meaning it was equal to anything in what was Francia.

The capital being so grand, that Pepin could accept with little issue. The capital was meant to be the most glorious city as it served as the seat of the empire. Some random city that served as the seat of power for what amounted to a Duke with a crown? Even if he was the Emperor's brother, it left a foul taste in his mouth. Mercifully, he was largely forgotten once they arrived at the palace, but Pepin knew that was not a mercy which would last long.

His quarters were simple, but spacious. More befitting a prince than a fool. That was something of a relief, though it did place him in a strange predicament of not understanding where he stood with King Haldur. For the low born, being made a fool could be considered an honor. Even those of lower nobility. But to a prince, even a disinherited one? That was less an honor and more of an egregious insult.

"Allow me to unpack your things, milord," a short blonde haired woman dressed as a maid quickly offered. Pepin accepted the offer with a nod -- bending over for long periods of times was as painful as repeatedly bending and straightening his back. Something that he had attempted to ignore as a younger man in a vain attempt to straighten his spine so he could be another regular boy.

Hobbling to a window, it was unbarred. Though also high enough that Pepin had little hope of survival should he try to jump. Climbing down was a possibility, however. Secure the blankets around an anchor, tie them together as a rope, and he could shimmy down the side of the palace. He wasn't sure what he would do from there, but escape was an enticing thought.

"Can I offer refreshments, milord? Wine? Ale?" The same maid spoke as she unpacked the uniform that was inflicted upon him.

"Water," Pepin accepted. "And an explanation, if you have one."

"Milord?" She asked, going still. The same stillness all servants did when something unexpected was asked of them or they weren't sure if they made a mistake or not.

"I am the king's fool, am I not?" Pepin asked, turning away from the window that was tempting to just throw himself out of and be done with it. "I am sad to say my education in my father's court didn't include what would be expected of me in such an… esteemed position."

There was a flicker of nervousness in her eyes, "I cannot know King Haldur's mind, milord, but… it… would shame him to have… an ill-trained fool." A logical answer. Perhaps he could expect a tutor on how to juggle. Or perhaps to breathe fire like a fire dancer. The prospect almost managed to sound exciting if it weren't for the fact he would be performing for an audience.

"I see," Pepin acknowledged with a small nod of his head. "But if I am to be a fool, then why are you calling me milord?" Why the address? Why this room? Why was he not paraded on the streets like a trophy?

The maid seemed uncertain for a brief second, "Because you are still a prince, milord." She bowed her head before retreating a half step, "I shall return with your water." He almost felt bad given how she half fled the room, leaving his trunk empty and open. It was beneath him to do so, but Pepin moved to close it and shove it under the bed, only to pause when he saw the trunk wasn't entirely empty.

At the very bottom was a note written in Frankish.

'You have more friends here than you know, Prince Pepin.'

His gaze lingered on the note for a long second, his mind churning through a number of possibilities. The first that came to mind was that it was a trap. The servants posed as friends and eventually co-conspirators when he decided to make a move -- whatever move that might be. He might ask for a key, or some rations, or a window of opportunity… Then, when he decided to act, he would step directly into the waiting ambush.

Or…

Or his father hadn't completely washed his hands of him. The network of spies his father built up across Scandinavia could be offering a helping hand. A potent unseen weapon that could make his stay in this land more… tolerable.

Pepin didn't know what the case was, and he doubted he would until he tested the loyalty of these so-called friends.

Plucking the note from the trunk, he brought it to his mouth and swallowed the slip of parchment to destroy any evidence of its existence. Hardly a pleasant taste, but one he had long gotten used to.

Just as he would grow used to his present occupation. From the prince of an empire to the advisor of a petty king and now, the fool of a barbarian. Few had managed to fall further than he in life…

But so long as he lived, there were chances to rise once more.


…
​

Winter came for my empire fast and hard with the weather turning for the worst mere days after the various armies departed my capital. The people were saying the gods held back winter for a few more days so I could return, but the truth of it was, we had cut it close with our return.

For so much of my life, I had hated winter. It reminded me all too much of listening to my older brother Ragnar's wet and weak coughs getting weaker by the day. Until one morning he was silent, and we all understood what it meant. I recalled the hard dirt that we had to bury his bones in. My father's furious silence. My mother's quiet weeping when she thought no one would overhear. When I thought of winter, that was what my mind turned to.

There were other memories that bubbled to the surface now, when my capital and empire was blanketed under a layer of fresh snow. Not all of them were good, such as the desecration of Verdun and the piles of corpses left in a macabre display. But, as of late, there were a few good memories to balance out the bad. My children playing in the snow. The rare few quiet moments I stole away with my wives with a warm drink and a pretty view.

I think I might even come to like winter, because it was the season where my responsibilities seemed to vanish like smoke in the wind. The number of courtiers demanding my attention dramatically reduced as most simply couldn't make the trip to ask for my time. The mad flurry of last minute talks and negotiations for the onset of winter were over as everyone made sure they had enough grain and foodstuffs to ensure their people wouldn't starve.

Given how much the population had grown because of migrations, it was a real concern even with the farming techniques and fishing fleets we had spread across the Baltic.

Leaving me with a winter morning with nothing to do but to spend time with my family.

"What does that rune mean, Hakon?" I asked the babe barely eight months old. He glanced over at the rune, a pair of carved blocks in his hands that he chewed in thought.

"Sun," Hakon answered dutifully, immediately losing interest in the rune in favor of stacking the block in a pile of similar blocks he used to teeth on. His voice was accented with a clumsy tongue and the lack of teeth certainly didn't help. Still, his answer was clear enough.

"If the child was born to any other, I would call it unnatural," an elderly Alexios spoke to me. My tutor in Rome that turned into my family's tutor was already an old man when he first arrived in my homeland. It had been a decade since. His mind was still as sharp as any I knew, but his body was failing him. "It's not just that he speaks. He retains the knowledge. Absorbs it like a sponge. The dullest of your children are at least quick. The brightest are fiercely intelligent. Little Hakon here… he is a true genius, Siegfried. Of the like I have never seen before."

I was aware. I had enough of a hand in my children's education to know what normal development looked like. This was not that. It was almost unnerving how keen his mind was, even when he smashed his blocks together because he liked the noise.

"I've started him on mathematics -- simple addition and subtraction. While I can't be certain that he truly understands the work, at the very least he's memorized the answers." At my sharp look, Alexios cleared his throat. "Prince Hakon. What is one and one?"

"Two," Hakon answered, losing interest in the blocks. While Hakon pivoted, crawling towards me and my waiting hands, I saw Alexios' pointed look over the child's head.

A clever son was a blessing. A genius was… worrying.

"I'm worried about the pressure," I admitted, placing Hakon in my lap and he played with the loose fabric of my sleeves. "He has immense potential, but too much pressure for him to realize it will do more harm than good."

To that, the old scholar let out a dismissive snort. "He is your son, Siegfried. That pressure will always be there."

I could only sigh in response. He wasn't wrong. "Stay the course," I instructed. "Teach him as fast as he can learn. Nurture his curiosity and interests. If he is to realize his potential, he needs to learn to love learning for the sake of it."

"I'll do so to the best of my ability. But, I suspect you'll be repeating those instructions to my successor," Alexios said with a graceful smile.

"Don't say that, old friend. You have more years in you yet," I replied with a grim acceptance that it likely would be but a few years.

"I do," Alexios agreed. "And I shall make the most of them by imparting all that I know with the time I have left into little Hakon. However, that means resigning from the university."

My first instinct was to refuse his resignation from the position, foolish as that was. The university in Miklagard and the second in Gotland were in their infancy, as much as Hakon was. They were a very foreign idea to Scandinavia as we'd had nothing like a university before. It was gaining momentum as my people were sending their sons and daughters to it, treating university as a place to gain an apprenticeship that they otherwise wouldn't receive.

However, even with all of the texts and knowledge gathered in their halls, it wasn't yet a place of learning. Where discoveries were made and we learned answers to questions we had yet to ask. There was no one I trusted more to oversee the university's development.

Still, I swallowed down that initial reaction even if it felt like swallowing a stone. "I understand," I admitted. If Alexios was a young man, then he'd do both. But his beard had long since grayed. His time was limited. "Have you chosen your successor?"

"A girl by the name Eivor. Married to the lad that made your crown," Alexios informed. "Started out learning how to smith, but she took a mile when given an inch. On the young side, but that means she has the energy to herd that den of squabbling cats."

"I will speak to her, but if she has your confidence, then it is a formality," I replied. Standing up with Hakon tucked against me, I heard a suspiciously loud thump down the hall which told me my younger sons had found more trouble. Alexios smiled, inclining his head to me, knowing that I had better go before those boys set the palace on fire. However, I was delayed by a sudden cry from Hakon.

"Block," Hakon requested, half lunging out of my arms for the pile.

"Which one?" I asked the boy, making him think on it for a long few seconds. Long enough that I wondered if he understood.

"Blue," Hakon declared with the force of a revelation. Chuckling, I picked up a blue block and handed it to him so he could gnaw on it in peace. Stepping outside of the room, I glanced down the hall to see that the delay had given Radahn and Bjorn time to escape. With a sigh, I trailed after them, but not before lifting the display that they had knocked over.

The servants bowed as we passed while my royal guard dutifully followed in my shadow. Sometimes I was barely aware of them. I'd never expected to, but at some point, you grew deaf to the sound of rustling chain mail. While Radahn and Bjorn had managed to escape the consequences of their actions, for now, I instead stumbled upon Jill and Magnus in a solar.

Jill wore a serious expression when she caught sight of me while Magnus craned his head back, looking equally serious. I felt the tension shift immediately with my arrival, so I broke the silence that followed the conversation I had intruded on. "What has happened?"

Her expression tightened, "The messenger has not reached you yet?"

"If he had, I wouldn't be asking," I replied, noting the weight in her tone and already knowing I wouldn't like what I was about to hear. And when she spoke, I was more right than I had about anything else in my life.

"There has been an attempt on Harun Al-Rashid's life that might still take it," Jill answered, making a stone form in my gut. "Hadi al-Gaib has been accused, and while Harun lies on his sickbed, Hadi has been declared a traitor to the Caliphate. Which stands on the precipice of a civil war."

…So much for my peaceful winter.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, mohsin, Andell and 422 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 8, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Unworthy Hands New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,734
"No. No, no, no." Hadi replied with a wave of his hand. "We cannot bring in Allvaldr Siegfried or his forces. That turns this from an internal issue into a war that we are not prepared for." That being said, it was quite possible that this would become a war all the same. Charlemagne was a cunning and opportunistic creature, and there were few opportunities greater than an enemy that was exhausted from fighting itself.

"We cannot accept this inquiry. If you go to Baghdad, you will not return," Sheba stressed, and Hadi agreed with her wholeheartedly. The entire situation was a mess with no correct course of action, just ones with greater and lesser consequences.

Hadi rubbed his eyes, feeling a sharp headache that had not left him since the news had been delivered. Learning that Harun had been attacked -- stabbed with a poisoned dagger, barely escaping with his life intact had been an unwelcome surprise. Learning that several members within Harun's court had named him as the assassin was even more unwelcome. The only good news he received that day was that Harun had survived, but languished on his sickbed, barely lucid in the brief moments he regained consciousness.

"We cannot afford to have a civil war," Hadi sighed.

"We can't," Sheba agreed sweetly. Always a prelude to something he deeply didn't wish to hear. "But our options are limited. Guilt is much easier to prove than innocence. The court has already named you guilty. We gain nothing by meeting with them on their terms. Accepting that means we aren't beholden to proving your innocence in their eyes. Only Harun's, should he still live. Marshall our armies, meet them on the field, and deliver their heads to the Caliph as proof."

That was the simplest course of action. An appealing course of action. Just not one without consequences.

Charlemagne's forces in Hispania had been bolstered. That in itself wasn't anything out of place. Since Hadi became Emir of Hispania they had raided and attempted to dislodge each other every year since. Charlemagne attempted to bleed him for control over the rest of the landmass while Hadi attempted to push him back to the Pyrenees Mountains. Neither had much in the way of success, beyond a pushed border here or there. The end result being their border had perhaps the most forts for every mile in the entire world.

The timing, however, was suspicious. Even if Charlemagne didn't have a hand in Harun's near assassination, he was well poised to take advantage of it. Hadi had little doubt that the moment his armies left his domain, Charlemagne would strike with as much force as he could muster. Meaning that he would either have to risk losing his domain entirely, or face the lords who named him as the assassin with an army at half strength.

"We must do something, Hadi," Sheba said, grabbing hold of his wrist, and the action betrayed how worried she was. "We cannot simply wait for this to go away."

"No," Hadi agreed, a deep frown tugging at his lips. "No, we cannot."

The internal workings of the Caliphate were something he never wished to be aware of as a younger man, but such knowledge has been foisted upon him because of his position. A position that gave him the perception of vast influence, but the reality was that he was distant from the inner workings of the court in Baghdad. What he did have was a very large army that Harun could count on.

Something the true assassins knew.

For the past ten years, he had ruled over Hispania. He remained the regent over the Egyptian territories, though that would thankfully end quite soon as Asad would soon be considered a man in the eyes of the law. However, until then, those resources were his to draw upon. As a vassal, he was exceptionally powerful. The titles Harun bestowed upon him only solidified that image.

He served as the cornerstone for Harun's power base. Present but distant. A hammer that loomed overhead, just out of sight. That lessened the other nobility's influence, allowing Harun to push through reforms to avoid unwanted strings in deals. One family in particular felt the loss in influence more keenly than others, even if they hadn't lost any official position.

The Barkmids.

They were the administrative backbone of the Abbasid Dynasty, having served as stewards for generations even before the Abbasids took power. The family was vast, well-connected, well-positioned, but not well-trusted. Not when there were so many voices telling Harun that he shouldn't, even if they hadn't done anything overt to deserve that mistrust.

Hadi had no proof that it was the Barkmids. Only the knowledge that Harun had begun to entertain the thought of removing Jafar from his position as Visier.

"We need decisive action. We cannot afford a half measure," Sheba continued, and Hadi sank into the pile of cushions he sat on.

"... I hate decisive action…" He muttered, wishing the cushions would just swallow him up. It was almost tempting to convert to Hinduism, because at least then he could blame the rotten luck of this life on his being a bastard in his last one. Blaming Allah didn't exactly seem wise, and even if he did shake his fist to the one above all, Hadi was increasingly convinced that Allah would just laugh at his misfortune. If he didn't have a hand in it.

Despite the tension, Sheba laughed. It was a beautiful sound, and he still wasn't at all comfortable with how much sway it had over him. "I know, my dear husband. But you have risen high. That comes with responsibilities."

Responsibilities he never asked for. Didn't want, either. He just couldn't refuse without insulting Harun, and Harun was the one reason why the other Emirs hadn't killed him, razed his lands, and did their best to erase him from history.

"Why can't people just… calm down?" He complained, sinking into the cushions further. Why did King Hoffer have to go kidnap the Pope and sack Rome? Why did Charlemagne whip his people up into such a religious frenzy that they started to sate their bloodlust on each other for worshiping God a little differently? Why couldn't Siegfried stop raiding entire countries to the point that he took the nails that held up their houses, and then took the houses as well for good measure? Why couldn't the Emirs see he was perfectly happy doing absolutely nothing on the fringes of the Caliphate? Why couldn't Harun do what every other Caliph before him did and just indulge in luxury and his harem?

Why did everyone seem completely determined to start a war none of them were ready to fight?

"We live in an era of greatness, Hadi. Empires are rising, and great men lead them. The world has run out of room, so one must fall." That was exactly what he was afraid of. He had done some light reading on the fall of empires, and the word that could best summarize them was 'messy'. If he were generous and used two words, then 'senseless slaughter' would also be apt.

"I'd rather live in dull times," he replied, accepting Sheba's embrace as she pulled his head to her breasts. Having a beautiful wife caused him no end of trouble, but there were times when he didn't mind. Hadi felt her chuckle before he sighed. As much as he would like to continue complaining -- and he deeply wished to complain until the sun set -- action was necessary. "Diplomacy is a dead end. Even if I could reason with them, they know they stand to gain much with my death."

Sheba nodded, running her hands through his hair.

"However, I need to know if this is a coup or not," Hadi continued. A curse of being on the fringe of the Caliphate meant news was slow to reach him. As soon as the accusation was delivered alongside the news of Harun's near assassination, Hadi had dispatched spies and messengers to gauge the temperament of Baghdad. To get in contact with Harun's mother. However, it would be weeks before he had an answer and he needed to act before then. "And if it is a coup, I need to know who set it in motion, who supports it, and who is the face."

"Then we march?" Sheba pressed, clearly wanting direct action. That was no surprise. She was chosen to be his wife because of her strong loyalty to the Abbasid Dynasty as much as she had her own noble lineage.

"If we march, then we will lose Hispania," Hadi replied. "The eastern coast is weak and Charlemagne knows it. When we are distracted, he will claim the coast down to the southern shore. We will be cleaved in half and isolated." Their current borders were well fortified, but it took one moment of weakness to change that.

"Will he be able to?" Sheba questioned, knowing how he thought by now. Despite his best efforts. "Siegfried has pillaged Britannia of all that glitters and most that doesn't. Then he went back for everything else. He humiliated Charlemagne by taking his son and giving him to his brother to be a jester. His own lands are in a brewing turmoil with the sack of Rome and the general unrest with the unification with the Eastern Roman Empire. The build up you fear could be a bluff."

"It could be," Hadi admitted. "It's likely that it is. But I fear that for all the reasons you listed, it will stop being a bluff. Few things silence detractors such as victory, after all, and I don't wish to serve him one upon a silver platter."

"That would raise the Wolf-Kissed's ire. We have an alliance," she pointed out.

"He has an alliance with Harun. Who I am accused of trying to assassinate," Hadi corrected with a frustrated sigh. "He is not beholden to defend us. Charlemagne knows this."

"But he could," Sheba stressed. "Siegfried recognizes you as a man of honor. Charlemagne also knows that. They seek to make war with each other, and Siegfried goads him. He may hesitate in fear that he will trigger a war with Scandinavia."

That was… possible. It entirely depended on how eager for war Charlemagne thought Siegfried was. And how ready Charlemagne was for that war.

The former, Hadi didn't know. He couldn't. However, he did have suspicions about the latter.

Charlemagne sought to restore the Roman Legions alongside the Roman Empire. Vast professional armies that were well armed, armored, and disciplined. A far cry from the current levies that he used to fight with. Siegfried had well and truly put an end to the days of levy armies. He proved without a shadow of a doubt that smaller but better equipped and trained armies could defeat a significantly larger force.

It was a message Hadi had heard loud and clear. Charlemagne evidently heard it too, alongside Harun. Every empire in the world it seemed was in the middle stages of reforming their military, creating standing professional armies. Which very well could be a contributing factor to the attempt on Harun's life. After all, Harun had been in the early stages of creating an army that answered only to the Caliph when the attempt came.

The Emirs feared the balance of power shifting. Charlemagne worked more slowly, treading carefully to avoid a similar fate. Siegfried, however, could blaze the trail simply because he had already so radically changed the balance of power in Scandinavia that a standing army was just one more thing.

"I suppose… if we gamble and lose, I can stop being Emir," Hadi mused, setting on a course of action. It would be a shame to waste the efforts he'd spent on keeping everyone happy so they wouldn't assassinate him. A lesson Harun really should have learned. But, Hadi imagined people would have less cause to assassinate him in the first place without the title hanging over his head like a blade.

Sheba laughed, pinching his cheek. "You aren't that lucky, my beloved. If the situation is as dire as I think, there will be plenty of emirs left short of heads and their positions left in need of filling by the end of this." That certainly made the smile slip from his face.

Still, he lingered in her embrace for a moment longer than he really should. Longer than they could afford. It was with the greatest reluctance he managed to extract himself from her arms and rise to his feet to go about doing what needed to be done. Emerging from his private chambers, he found the two men that he expected to see.

Khalid and Zafir. The former had shot up like a weed, growing from a boy to a man. He looked the part of a conquering hero. Enough so that when Khalid met dignitaries with him, it wasn't uncommon for them to mistake him for the Emir. Tall, well built, handsome, with a well groomed beard.

"Our men are ready to march," Khalid started, already knowing what decision they had come to. He probably asked the walls or something. All these years later, Hadi still didn't quite grasp how Khalid's ability worked. Just that it did, and he had an uncanny talent for knowing things he had no right to know.

Hadi nodded, the pair walking with him. "We'll gather on the eastern coast. A fleet will be gathered to transport us directly into the heartlands."

Zafir offered a sharp glance, "During winter?" It was a dangerous move, but one undercut by their ally's ability in the Mediterranean.

"King Hoffer can read the weather like no other man," Hadi replied as they walked. "And he is licking his wounds after his lost territory. He needs a victory to cement his place amongst his pirate kingdom. We are in a position to provide him one." He only knew of the Norse king's ability because of Khalid's. That, and that it was apparently bestowed upon him by Siegfried.

The implications of that were a headache that Hadi didn't want to think about, so he didn't. While ignorance could be bliss, so too could willful blindness.

"You would trust him with our lives?" Zafir questioned, sounding doubtful of the decision. However, it was Khalid who answered.

"They expect us to march," Khalid said. "It is safer that way, but longer. It gives the culprits in the capital a chance to solidify their support." Exactly right. It would also narrow the window of opportunity for Charlemagne to act with his departure. The Roman Empire was vast. Just as it took weeks or months for a message to reach Hadi's ears, so too would it take to reach Charlemagne.

Ideally, by the time Charlemagne was willing to act on his departure, he would already be on his way back home.

'Four months,' Hadi thought to himself. Winter was their shield, but come Spring, his enemies would be able to act with impunity. "It'll take a month alone to gather the troops. A week to sail to the heartlands. From there, we'll know who is a friend and who is a foe. And who is simply too cowardly to act."

Zafir nodded, accepting the reasoning with a nod of his head. "And who shall rule in your stead if you mean to answer these accusations personally?"

If the people would accept it, Hadi would place Sheba in charge. She had the mind for it. More than he ever did. "You will," Hadi answered instead, feeling a flash of amusement when Zafir nearly tripped over his own feet. "You are my right hand in all things. Respected by the army and our courtiers. Should Rome stir trouble while we are away, then there is no one I trust more to secure our backs."

"I am a maimed man," Zafir felt compelled to argue. Hadi was envious of his ability to deny a promotion. However, if he was forbidden from denying one, then Zafir had to suffer alongside him.

"An arm you lost fighting against Siegfried the Wolf-Kissed." There were some days that he still woke up in cold sweats from his brief encounters with the man. The older he grew, the more absurd it seemed that he survived their clashes. Especially with everything he said and did since their squabble on Crete.

"Take heart, Zafir. Our lord paid good money to ensure the stories of your heroism spread. None see a maimed man when they look at you. They saw a man who survived the Wolf-Kissed." Khalid seconded, making Zafir narrow his eyes into a glare.

"That was you?" Zafir muttered, annoyed but with acceptance. Which was good enough for Hadi. His lips pressed into a thin line once they arrived at their destination. A war room. One complete with maps and models of the city that served as his capital. Madrid was located near the center of Hispania and close to the border they shared with Rome. It was something of a gamble, but it gave him an advantage over Charlemagne when it came to reacting to incursions.

Avoiding the question, Hadi began to grab maps to plot the campaign. "Luckily, we're facing a temperate winter. It shouldn't impact the length of the journey; for the sake of time, we shouldn't pull from our fringes."

"We need to muddle the message before it has a chance to take root. The men will be hesitant to fight for a man who tried to assassinate their Caliph." Most likely untrue. Given how eager the people of his domain raided what had been their neighbors a decade ago, Hadi was convinced he led a nation exclusively filled with bloodthirsty warmongers.

Still, Hadi saw his point. As did Khalid, "Then let the message spread that we fight for the safety of the Caliph, and that he has made no accusation. It comes from the mouths of jealous Emirs, who muster their armies without his blessing. Even if they are honestly misled, many still overreach." A fine enough message. One that would suit their ends… and if they were particularly unlucky, it could very well be the truth.

Such an approach would naturally lend to a messy aftermath. You couldn't exactly roll back on an accusation of coup, particularly if half of the upper nobility were backing it. No matter what, the aftermath was going to be messy. Politically inconvenient at best, and a disaster in the making at worst. The Eastern Roman Empire was probing to expand, the Khazars were sorting out their succession -- a lengthy civil war could very well be the death of the Caliphate.

"We name Jafar, the Vizier, as the culprit," Hadi continued. "Every story needs a villain, and better him than one of the powerful Emirs." Harun would be displeased if Jafar wasn't truly the mastermind behind the supposed coup, but his mother would approve wholeheartedly. And Hadi was far more afraid of that woman than he was of Harun.

"He will serve," Zafir agreed, bringing stacks of parchment. Supplies, troops, equipment…

Hadi truly hated this room, but he was once more off to war.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Andell, Nova_ and 408 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 15, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Old Grudges New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Jul 29, 2026
Add bookmark
#7,762
"Emir Hadi al-Gaib," King Hoffer greeted him politely. It had been years since Hadi had last seen him, but the man really was unreasonably big. Hadi felt like a child in comparison. "Please, allow me to introduce our esteemed guest who shall be joining us this evening, Pope Adrian."

The pope didn't seem particularly happy about joining this private gathering in Sardinia. Hadi would even go as far as to say he seemed quite upset. Angry. Of the murderous variety. Still, a year of captivity would temper anyone's outbursts, and he didn't look mistreated. Just that he would rather be literally anywhere else.

"... My greetings, Pope Adrian. Peace be with you. And you, King Hoffer," Hadi said, accepting an offered seat. The pope's lips pressed into a thin line in an attempt to be as neutral as he could be. King Hoffer, for his part, simply laughed.

"I suspect peace is not what has brought you to my shores this day, Emir Hadi al-Gaib," he replied, taking a seat across from Hadi. There was a calculating glimmer in his eyes. As if he was trying to weigh how much he was worth. "No. Peace, I'm afraid, is a luxury out of your reach."

It wasn't a surprise that King Hoffer knew. He'd likely known about the accusations being leveled against him before Hadi did. So, he offered a thin smile. One not too dissimilar from the one Pope Adrain greeted him with. "Circumstances being what they are, I am inclined to agree with you." He would hardly be mustering his armies and taking a trip to Sardinia to handle negotiations personally if peace was an option. "I do hope that it goes without saying that I didn't do it."

"Of course," King Hoffer replied with a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. "The Allvaldr holds you in high regard! I wouldn't dare think you would do something so base as attempt to assassinate your ruler." Then his smile grew a fraction, "And if you had, I would expect you to be better prepared to take advantage."

That was… something. Likely not a good something, but something nonetheless. "Then it would be my hope, King Hoffer, that you might be willing to help an innocent man clear his name and punish the perpetrators for the attempt on your ally Caliph Harun al-Rashid."

That was the wrong thing to say. Hadi saw it the moment the words left his mouth, "Ally. An interesting word to use. I must wonder where this steadfast ally was when I lost half of my kingdom." The territories of Italia and Cyrus.

"I was conducting the planned raids in Charlemagne's territory. The Caliph, I believe, was rebuffing Khalzar raids," Hadi answered, his tone even. His bitterness was expected. Counted on, even.

What he did not say was that the bitterness was entirely self inflicted. The raids Hadi had asked for were reasonable. King Hoffer was the one who escalated things to a full invasion, forcing Charlemagne to commit his forces in full. The lost territory, the evaporation of the core of his army… the blame for all of it could be traced back to Hoffer's own feet. However, kings weren't renowned for their ability to be self aware. Quite the opposite. So, King Hoffer needed someone to blame for his… misfortunes.

"However, if we had been made aware of the scope of your ambitions… While I cannot speak for the Caliph, I, of course, would have adjusted my plans. Expanded them in scope to push Charlemagne to the Perynes Mountains and threatened to go beyond them in the hopes he would go on the defensive to allow you to consolidate your territorial gains."

Hadi had told a number of lies during his life. However many was anyone's guess, but he was confident that it outnumbered the number of truths he had uttered by a factor of… at least ten. The words that just came out of his mouth were likely the single greatest lie that he had ever spoken. Because when he'd learned that King Hoffer was radically altering what should have been a simple raid, Hadi had simply smiled, thought, 'What a fool,' before taking a key fortress on an important hill.

He had no interest in battle. Even less interest in facilitating King Hoffer's kingdom of pirates that occasionally turned their fangs to his merchant vessels and coastal villages. Officially, King Hoffer disavowed such actions, but the fact of the matter was that he had a loose grip on his kingdom to begin with and it only got worse when that bastard Hjalmar took fifty thousand Norsemen back to Siegfried. The core of King Hoffer's support had been gutted.

Something they both knew.

"How regrettable," King Hoffer replied, his tone entirely neutral. He didn't fully believe the lie, but he didn't exactly doubt it either. Simply because it was true -- Hadi had prepared for a small raid. The kind of force needed to carry out that make-believe plan would require more prepared resources than he had. "As are our present circumstances."

"So they are," Hadi agreed.

There was a terse silence that fell over the room. Hadi watched King Hoffer ponder the information as well as his options. Which were limited. While he enjoyed an alliance with the Caliphate, it wasn't in the same scope as the one made with Scandinavia. Such protections came with strings that King Hoffer had refused. All the same, what alliance they did have wasn't likely to outlive Harun as Caliph.

"Your enemies are many," King Hoffer broke the silence. "Three Emirs have denounced you. They name you an assassin. An usurper. More shall join their chorus if they haven't already."

Hadi inclined his head to the king, "So they do."

"As our nations are close, they beseeched me to take action. To invite you to my hearth, betray you, before delivering you to them." He continued in an idle tone. Hadi did not react to the provocation, but Khalid did. He tensed, a hand resting on his scimitar as he looked to those in the room to gauge their threats.

"I hope they offered you a high price for your honor and dignity," Hadi replied, earning a bark of laughter from King Hoffer. It sounded genuine.

There was a faint twitch of his lips, a smile being smothered. "They offered me wealth. Trade concessions. And men."

"A high price," Hadi acknowledged. King Hoffer had need of them all. While his grip had always been weak over his dispersed kingdom of islands, he had been able to solidify control because a significant portion of his warriors were Norsemen as he was. Hot blooded idiots, but that was just something else they had in common. Serving a master who looked different, had different customs, and spoke a different language wasn't unthinkable, but for many, they wanted to see themselves reflected in their ruler.

King Hoffer still had supporters. Some ten thousand Norsemen remained, and while he'd lost the battle in the end, the wealth plundered from Italia had made him a living legend, and so many powerful chieftains offered him nominal support. However, his grip on islands like Crete or even Sicily was wavering. His authority challenged by pirates and warlords. Unless something drastic happened relatively soon, he would lose control over them entirely.

It was something Hadi rather looked forward to, if he were to be honest. Pirates were bad enough, but pirates with the resources King Hoffer commanded? They were a nightmare. Sheba had likely cursed them a thousand times and when she heard they had been crushed outside of Rome, she'd laughed so hard she had tears in her eyes. And while it was outside of his purview, Hadi did know that Harun desired control over the port of Norland -- influence primarily, but direct ownership would be preferable.

"A price that I would see matched," King Hoffer replied. Hadib would give him that much -- he preferred the direct request for a bribe.

"I cannot in good faith promise that I can match it," Hadi replied. "I cannot speak for the Caliph or what reward he might bestow." It wasn't what King Hoffer wanted to hear, but he didn't interject. "However, I can say this -- Caliph Harun al-Rashid intends to keep his father's promise. He will take the whole of Anatolia, and in doing so, it would be prudent to retake Cyrus."

There was a glimmer of interest, but not enough. King Hoffer wasn't a fool. He understood that territorial gains was not what he needed when he was losing his control over the territory he already possessed. "Additionally, I will be committed to pushing the Romans out of Hispania at the same time. An opportunity that Allvaldr Siegfried will surely not let go by, and while I cannot speak to what his plans are, I am certain he will give Charlemagne cause to look North. This would grant you an opportunity to retake your lost lands in Italia, if not the whole peninsula."

Which was the kind of victory that King Hoffer needed. Nothing washed away the stain of defeat like victory, after all. What's more, with the taking of Anatolia, King Hoffer's people would have far greater ease sailing into the Mediterranean from the Black Sea. That, in turn, would allow him to rebuild his support base.

"A fine picture you paint," King Hoffer replied. "When could I expect this opportunity?"

Hadi had no earthly idea. "This near assassination will have complicated matters, but so long as it is resolved cleanly, the timeline of five years should be held." That earned a twitch, telling Hadi that was too far out. He wanted something more immediate. "Which, I admit, is less than ideal. While I cannot speak for the Caliph, I am allowed to speak for the resources and concession of my own domain. Even if they are a lesser bounty than you would receive from my enemies."

King Hoffer hummed thoughtfully, stroking his long blonde beard. "You are an honest man, Hadi al-Gaib. I respect that." Hadi heard a but coming. "How many men can you muster?"

"... Twenty thousand in the short term," Hadi decided to answer.

"So, fifteen thousand," King Hoffer deduced. The true number was closer to seventeen thousand, but the fact remained that he was being generous with his estimation. "That would be a hundred ships. More for cavalry."

Hadi inclined his head ever so slightly, still waiting for the but. "I came here seeking quick passage to the Caliphate heartlands. Ideally using your ships." He admitted, and King Hoffer nodded, expecting nothing less.

"Our priests asked for an omen on the eve of your arrival. The gods look favorably upon the venture, as they have provided a passage for the journey." An outright lie, of course. But, then again, he had no idea how whatever magics were involved worked. He could be telling the truth. Hadi wasn't curious enough to find out. Or, he could simply be lying about the opportunity.

"... Your gods are kind," Hadi replied tersely. Something King Hoffer smiled at.

"At times," he replied. "But they are, as a rule, greedy. As am I." At least he acknowledged it. "The price your enemies offered was greater, but not high enough to buy my honor. What's more, while you are outnumbered, I will not wager against a man who faced the Allvaldr and survived to tell the tale."

Hadi couldn't take it any longer, "But." He supplied for the pirate king, and for the first time, his smile reached his eyes.

"But," King Hoffer agreed. "There are certain men and crews within my domain that I would see… removed. You will aid me in this." So that his hands would remain clean. If they just so happened to die in the fighting then it was the will of Allah. Or the gods.

Hadi wasn't particularly enthused by the idea of doing King Hoffer's dirty work but… what was the saying? Better the evil he knew than the ones he didn't?

"It can be arranged," Hadi agreed. All the more, he would hardly weep for dead pirates.

With that, they clasped hands and the deal was struck.


…
​

Mobilizing an army was not a quick affair. It took time for supplies to be gathered, moved to a depot, stored and recorded. It took time for men to make their way from their villages and towns. Men got lost, either willfully or by accident. Somewhere in the process there would be a clerk working with too little sleep, leading to an error in the ledgers. Then there was pay to consider -- honor and glory were fine, but most preferred gold for putting their lives on the line.

However, if there had to be a silver lining about sharing a border with Emperor 'The only good heathen is a dead one' Charlemagne… then it was the fact that his nation was well prepared for war. He had well trained militias he could draw from, his supply depots were already full, and it only took a few strokes of a quill to set everything in motion.

There was no such thing as organization within an army. It was just that some armies were less disorganized than others. Hadi took pride in very little, but he did that his army managed to be assembled and depart from his shores within a month. The 'gods' continued to smile upon them because their trip from Hispania to the Abbasid Caliphate was without incident even if the weather wasn't always clear.

They first sailed to Sicily, weathering a storm that lasted for two days before setting out once more. They stopped again on Crete for another day, riding out something less than a storm but the sea was too rough to sail safely. Inside of a week, Hadi's army of twenty-five thousand men disembarked upon the shore of the Damascus region, bolstered by seven thousand mercenaries 'volunteered' by King Hoffer.

Of course, their arrival was not a secret. Hafi was sure by the time they departed Hispania, the Emirs and Jafar had already learned of his intentions. However, a week was not enough time to muster an army. It wasn't enough time to march and group up.

Siegfried seemed to enjoy his grand battles where he was outnumbered a hundred and one. Hadi, however, had a very different approach to war. He was not whatever Siegfried was. He didn't possess his abilities or unnatural talents. He was a simple man with simple intentions -- kill the enemy before they could kill him. They were divided by distance, so Hadi would defeat as many as he could before they had a chance to unify.

"You have history with Emir Ismail, do you not?" Khalid questioned as they marched from the shore and into Damascus proper. It was not a rich land, but most of the trade from the Abbasids through the Mediterranean flowed through its ports.

It really was a wonder that old man was still alive. A decade ago, he was pushing ninety. He had to be close to a century old by now, and it seemed he lived purely to spite Hadi. "Less with the man and more with his family," Hadi corrected. "I was a… less than responsible younger man who often found myself in brothels. As one does when spending so much time there, I… befriended a few of the prostitutes."

Khalid snorted softly by his side, "Lady Sheba is an ocean away. She will not overhear you."

Oh, what a poor foolish boy. "Half of my attendants are her spies that I know about. The other half are spies I haven't confirmed." Hadi corrected with a small shake of his head. The boy would learn. While his status of being a descendent of the Sword of Allah remained obscured for now, he knew Sheba was already planning matches. "Anyway, one day, an arrogant braggart arrived, already drunk and quite rude. Wealth does not smooth over a problematic personality, but with his status of… I don't even know. The great-great-great grandson of the Emir? Between it, and gold, he was under the impression that he could do whatever he desired."

His tone was light. Casual. But Khalid was too sharp eyed to not notice how his grip tightened on the reins. It seemed so very long ago, but it felt like it had been the defining moment of his life. It had been the event that had his father entirely give up on him, not quite banishing him from the family but only by a hair. After everything -- befriending the Prince, now Caliph, his many near death experiences, the dozens of assassination attempts… by all rights, it shouldn't stand out in his memory as it did.

But he could still smell the sweat, alcohol, and incense of his favorite brothel. A place where he could drink, gamble, and shamelessly break every tenant of Allah with women who were as clever as they were beautiful. And they were very beautiful. Hadi, as a younger man, was convinced he would die there and that he would die content.

He was losing a board game with one of his favorites when he heard the scream. Alcohol must have given him courage, because he erupted onto the scene. There, he saw Inara, his friend and companion, beaten bloody with a burn scar across her face and eye. He also saw the man standing over her with a red hot blade.

Rage was not anger. Anger could be reasoned with. It could be controlled. Rage was insanity, and it was insanity that possessed him when he demanded a duel. It was insanity and alcohol that gave him the courage to fight it. And despite all odds, he had won.

At the time, Hadi had been lesser nobility, not even Sheikh. Distantly related or not, the bastard was the blood of high nobility. Killing him was out of the question. So, Hadi took his sword hand and the same eye he took from Inara.

So, Emir Ismail's ire was… understandable. If inconvenient.

"Did you ever see her again?" Khalid asked, seemingly hearing everything that wasn't said. A real annoying habit of his, but one Hafi had grown used to.

"Never," Hadi admitted. "I tried once, but by then, she was gone. My father got me a position in the army…" he shrugged. It was hardly the most satisfying ending, but life was rarely satisfying.

The battle would be over far more than a clever and beautiful woman, this time. But, days later, when he stood across a battlefield with two familiar faces at the head of an army twelve thousand strong? When one of those faces was missing an eye?

Well, it felt a little personal.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Pain4077, Nova_, Andell and 390 others
Ideas-Guy
Jul 29, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Know Thy Enemy New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#7,784
"Yahya," Hadi greeted Harun's trusted attendant first, standing underneath the noon sun. It had been some time since he had last seen Yahya. A few years at least. He looked more like his father now -- the same cheekbones, the same beard, the same nose and eyes. Just a younger version of him as Jafar already had whitening hair when he first met him a decade ago.

It was difficult to gauge in what capacity Yahya was here. Hadi had blamed his family because it was convenient. He imagined that would be something of a sore point. But if the Barmakids really had been responsible for Harun's near assassination, then it was a question of how high his kin were attempting to elevate themselves.

However, if they weren't behind it, then there could be a path toward a peaceful resolution. However unlikely that might be.

"You've at last overeached, mutt," Yusuf, the something something grandson of Emir Ismail, remarked with a delighted grin. "I've awaited this day for a long-"

"Who are you, again?" Hadi asked with a small frown, knowing already that the passing remark was going to get inside Yusuf's head. Given that they were about to fight a battle, there was no place that Hadi would rather be. Let him get angry. Let him make mistakes. And when the battle was done, he could take his head like he should have done years ago.

Exactly as Hadi hoped, Yusuf stilled in a way that told Hadi he didn't know how to reply. He was struck speechless.

"Hm. Anyway, Yahya," Hadi continued addressing the Barkmid, whose lips thinned. It was evident enough what Hadi was doing. The Barmakids, for all of their influence, didn't have an army. Or, at least they didn't. Meaning that the fifteen thousand men -- ten thousand infantry, three thousand light cavalry, a thousand heavy cavalry, and a thousand archers split between horse archers and traditional archers. All of them answered to the pissant next to him. A man that Hadi knew was both a hot-headed idiot and burdened with a very prickly pride.

"Does the Caliph still live? Or has your father puppeted his corpse?" Hadi continued, searching Yahya for a clue. Something to hint at an answer one way or another. Rumors in Norland and beyond swirled with deliberate intent, making it impossible to tell if Harun still lived or if he had passed from his injuries. As something of a connoisseur of misinformation, Hadi had been impressed and frustrated in equal measures that he couldn't get an accurate answer.

The last thing he had heard that seemed remotely truthful was that Harun was recovering in Baghdad. That was weeks ago.

"I'm not inclined to answer the questions of assassins," Yahya rebuked, offering nothing. His face didn't twitch, he sat still on his horse, and his tone was deliberately flat. "To think that the Caliph trusted you so. He named you a friend, elevated you beyond your station, and defended you from your many detractors. And you repaid his generosity with a poisoned blade in the back."

A blade in the back. That could merely be a turn of phrase, but he had heard thousands of renditions of how Harun had nearly been assassinated. The rumors ranged from his eating a poisoned apple, to assassins hiding in the walls, to a beautiful woman sneaking into his bed. Again, with deliberate intent, someone had made sure that it was impossible to tell truth from fiction.

"I do not deny that our Caliph was betrayed, but not by my hand," Hadi returned. "That, I lay at your feet, Yahya. If you did not wield the blade yourself, then your incompetence allowed for our Caliph to fall to an assassin's blade." There was something in his eyes. A shift. The remark struck a nerve, but Hadi wasn't sure how or why. "You, who Caliph Harun al-Rashid, trusted above all others. You either betrayed him then, or you do so now by standing against me."

"You? Who answered accusations of treason by mustering your army?" Yahya returned the accusation, but there was a coil of anger in his voice now. "If you were as innocent as you portrayed yourself, then you would have submitted to the summons."

Hadi laughed. Loudly and mockingly. It wasn't even a fake laugh. "There is no one that must fear the law more than an innocent man," Hadi rebuked. "As you say, the Caliph spoke for me against my many detractors. Those same detractors now name me an assassin and usurper. I am hurt that you thought me to be so foolish, Yahya."

"Then submit yourself now. To me. Despite the accusations you have levied against my family, I am prepared to speak for you. I shall guarantee you safe passage," Yahya offered. He sounded sincere, but that didn't mean a damn thing. If his family truly was behind the attempted assassination, then it would be impossible for Yahya to not know of it.

Meaning that even if he hadn't wielded the blade, he had given another the opportunity.

Yahya grew up together with Harun. He was the reason why Harun was so resistant to the thought that the Barmakids couldn't be trusted. Harun had full and complete trust in his lifelong friend. And there were likely odds that Yahya had betrayed him regardless.

If he was willing to do that, Hadi thought it was likely he would be willing to just lie about the promise of safe passage.

"No," Hadi replied, his tone even. "I will have the truth of the matter, and I don't trust you to give it to me." Even if he were to submit right now, Hadi wouldn't believe whatever he had to say. There would always be a doubt in the back of his mind. That was just the cold truth of it.

So, he would defeat Yahya here. Capture him. And when he reached Baghdad and Harun, he would leave that messy decision for the Caliph to decide.

"Enough," Yusuf interjected when Yahya began a retort. "You asked who I am -- I am the man who will defeat you on this day. I am-"

"I'm not interested," Hadi interjected, turning his horse around. Next to him, Khalid was trying and failing to stifle his chuckles. All the more when Yusuf shouted threats after them, promising a fate worse than death. His threats were creative enough that Hadi was convinced he'd stolen them from someone else. "Are you ready?"

"I am," Khalid answered. "We have the edge in numbers. And Yusuf is in control of the army. Given his temper, I doubt that Yahya will be capable of quelling his rage before the battle. Especially when you insulted him by ignoring him to speak to Yahya." That was the plan.

"... And Yahya?" Hadi asked, uncertain if he truly wanted the answer.

Khalid glanced his way for a quiet moment, likely sensing that Hadi didn't really want an answer. Still, he needed it. "Guilty."

Hadi wished that he was surprised, but he wasn't. "I see," Hadi replied. It would seem that they wouldn't have to withdraw any accusations once this mess was cleaned up. Even still, he would have preferred being wrong.

He and his guards returned to his assembled army. Twenty-five thousand men. Eighteen thousand infantry, two thousand archers, and the remaining five thousand was an uneven mix of heavy and light cavalry. Of their infantry, seven thousand men were Norse mercenaries, with their captains and commanders marked for death by King Hoffer. The reason for each varied -- from simple ambition to actively undermining his authority.

It was tempting to renege on his end of the deal. But it simply wasn't worth it as King Hoffer would go to great lengths to get his revenge if he did. So, in the days leading up to the battle, he planned around how to best uphold his end of the bargain while maintaining as much strength as he could.

The battlefield was one ideal for cavalry. It was a large flatland with little in the way of shrubbery. For that reason, every footsteps sent up a cloud of dust, and a great many feet caused enough of a stir to make it difficult to see through. A tactic that Yusuf undoubtedly intended to take full advantage of. Hadi was no different.

It was clear that Yahya did not have the influence on the army that he desired. If he did, then the army would withdraw to link up with the armies of the other Emirs. His spies informed them where they were, and their numbers. Altogether, they would have an army of seventy thousand. As it was, he had a numerical advantage of ten thousand over Yusuf.

There were two possible reasons he refused to withdraw. The first was that he feared Hadi would ravage his lands with raids, but Hadi doubted that was it. The other and more likely option was that Yusuf just hated Hadi that much, and was convinced that he could win despite the long odds. In either case, it suited him just fine. Ideally, he would fight three battles where he had the advantage in numbers. Just how he liked it.

Once more at the head of his army, Hadi gave the nod and the war drums began to beat. While far from the standards of a professional army, the core of his was a force that lived in a state of perpetual skirmishes with Charlemagne or his Paladins. They were experienced and disciplined. Something that showed in the march over the field. They moved as a unified whole in perfect synchronization.

The light cavalry rushed out first, skirmishing with Yusuf's own light cavalry and horse archers. As predicted, they kicked up a screen of dust ahead of both armies. A screen that Yusuf undoubtedly used to reshuffle the position of some of his units, identifying his left wing as the weaker of the two. Naturally, that was the wing where Norse mercenaries were.

It was, perhaps, dangerous to rely on old impressions of Yusuf. People did change, after all. But even in that brief meeting, Hadi saw that all of his worst personality traits had only grown more prominent in the time since he'd known him. It was a gamble.

One that paid off, as erupting from the cloud of dust was Yusuf's heavy cavalry. A full commitment to destroying his left wing as fast as possible.

"I… have fought too many clever enemies," Hadi muttered under his breath. He sat back with the reserve forces, allowing him to see the full scope of the battle. Yusuf had taken the bait. His cavalry charge was devastating on the mercenaries. They didn't crumple, but they wavered dangerously.

However, with their heavy cavalry engaged, it left his infantry free to march forward. Once more, Hadi gave the nod, everything proceeding within expectations. The signal rang out and the rest of his army advanced with all haste in a general charge.

Under normal circumstances, it would be unthinkable. He was leaving behind an entire wing of his army to be ravaged. Not only did it risk being routed, it exposed him to Yusuf's right wing. It would be free to swing around and strike his center on the sides and rear. There were two things that turned what would traditionally be a foolish risk into a reasonable gamble.

Hadi was well prepared for the clash that followed in the dusty air. His men knew what to expect when the surprised enemy was counter charged. Just as the dust in the air obscured the enemy, it also protected Hadi's army from their eyes. A great clash rang out across the field as men shouted to pretend they weren't afraid.

He might have better command over the situation if he led from the front, Hadi knew. But that meant being near a bunch of people who really wanted him dead. So, he was perfectly content being surrounded by people who really wanted to protect him. It seemed far safer that way.

In his place at the front was Khalid, who for some insane reason, preferred being in the thick of things. Perhaps it was the best way to use his ability. Hadi didn't know, and he didn't ask. Even if he did, Hadi doubted he would be able to understand his reasoning.

"Send in the reserve left," Hadi instructed, going more off the timing than what he could see. It would take around six minutes for the reserve to cross the field. Eight for additional maneuvers. "Have them go wide and bypass the engaged left. When they do, they are to turn their formation forty degrees and charge."

The order was relayed and carried out with three thousand men in reserve marching forward. The dust was bad enough that he couldn't see how bad the mercenaries were doing, but thus far, they hadn't fled. Or if they did, they hadn't fled in Hadi's direction. He watched the reserve force obey instruction, and in his head he saw the flanking maneuver.

By now, Yusuf would have ordered his men to pounce on his unguarded center. He would order a mass push to distract it, while his right wing would swing in. Three thousand men would be outnumbered, but in the dust, their true numbers would be obscured. What's more, while his center would be flanked, the reserve men would strike them in the back, pinning them between two forces.

It would make doubt sink in. 'Was this the left?' 'Was the cavalry charge rebuffed?' 'If we're outmanuvered on the right, then what do I send to alleviate the pressure?'

War was not a game. Those who compared it to one were fools. But that wasn't to say that they weren't similar. Knowing the enemy was an integral part of battle. Knowing what they knew, suspecting what they suspected, all of it allowed Hadi to predict how they would react.

Yusuf was a prideful man. One with a grudge. A man who took this battle despite having more reasons to refuse it. When he would sense the battle was turning against him, he would do two things. Perhaps three.

First: he would ignore all good sense, understand that he had been outwitted, and withdraw. Perhaps not quit the field entirely, but he would need to accept that his right was compromised and addressed it accordingly.

Secondly: he would whole heartedly believe that he could turn the situation around with a personal hand.

Thirdly: he would command his bodyguards to join him on a counter charge against his outflanked right to relieve the pressure. To that end, he would command the skirmish cavalry to commit to a flanking maneuver.

"Tell Khalid it is time," Hadi decided, giving his heavy cavalry the order. Yusuf's cavalry was entirely engaged, giving them a window of opportunity for a singular decisive blow. Where that blow would be landed was a decision Hadi would leave in Khalid's hands. However, he knew what the result would be.

Khalid led the cavalry charge, choosing to strike at Yusuf's unprotected left. While Hadi couldn't see it in its entirety, the sound of the charge striking was a devastating thing. The signal quickly rang out to mark that the left wing was collapsing, caught between a hammer and an anvil.

"Send in the reserves. Have the light cavalry hunt," Hadi relayed his final orders of the battle, knowing that it was won even before the dust cleared. Yusuf's left and right flanks faltered and with a final push, his center routed.

It was not a surprise to see a dust trail in the distance. He knew it belonged to Yahya and Yusuf, along with what forces they could flee with. Which would be the cavalry.

As for the battlefield itself, once the first surrenders came, many others followed. The heavy cavalry finished its ravaging of the mercenaries to find that it was surrounded on all sides, so they needed little prompting. Hadi drank the sight in and…

"Good," Hadi voiced, urging his horse forward. The injured were being sorted, but with how quick the battle was, there weren't many. Perhaps a few hundred on the extreme end, discounting the mercenaries.

He had no true gift for public speaking. Nor any particular desire to. However, a lesson he had learned was that when something was said often mattered more than what was said. So as the defeated men were gathered up, near twelve thousand in total, he spoke.

"You have been lied to!" Hadi shouted out, riding amongst the men. "Through no will or awareness of your own, you have been party to treason against the Caliph! You have served one of his would-be assassins, who muster now to reach out for his throne out of petty ambition!"

Most of them wouldn't really care. What they would care about was this.

"So I offer you this chance for atonement. Join me, and we shall rescue the Caliph from their grasping hands! From those who would snuff out his life in the name of greed!"

Most wouldn't care about the Caliph. Or the Caliphate. To the average man, it didn't matter whose ass warmed the throne. So long as life didn't grow more complicated for them, they would accept a dog as Caliph. They might even prefer it, as dogs knew of loyalty.

However, Hadi had just handily defeated them. Never mind his advantage in numbers. In their eyes, he was the likely winner. Thus, the Caliph was the likely winner. Meaning that fighting against Hadi would have consequences -- executions, loss of land, and so on. The Caliphate wasn't exactly known to look favorably on traitors or treason.

On the other hand, fighting with Hadi? That meant rewards. Money, titles, land… it was a simple equation.

"Al-Gaib!" Hadi wasn't sure who first shouted, but it didn't take long for the chant to spread. "Al-Gaib! Al-Gaib! Al-Gaib! Al-Gaib! AL-GAIB!"

In no time at all, the chant was deafening. Enough so that Hadi could barely hear himself think. He had more to say, but it seemed unneeded. He had underestimated how unpopular Yusuf was by a considerable margin. Still, it worked in his favor. The mercenaries had lost an estimated three thousand men, though there were a few names that still needed to be crossed off yet.

They'd gained more than they lost. From twenty-five thousand, they were now thirty-four thousand. Most of the additions were infantry, as Yayha had taken the cavalry with him. Which was a shame, but unavoidable. To win the battles to come, he needed more men than horses.

He made the rounds, doing what was expected of him. Nodding at the right times, offering compliments, and assuring the various minor nobles that no, he didn't begrudge them for fighting against him. Even though they likely would have roasted his head on a spike if he'd lost the battle. Magnanimous and generous.

Of course, he didn't trust the army further than he could throw them. They had already betrayed one master after all. The moment the winds blew against him, Hadi was prepared for a similar betrayal.

Until then? He would use them for all they were worth.

It was a time-consuming affair. Enough so that he had little time for anything else, much less joining the celebrations for their victory. The hour was late when Hadi stumbled into his tent, his eyes bleary with his bed singing a sirens song to him.

Or, perhaps that was the woman seated upon it.

"I'm married," Hadi replied instantly, suddenly alert. The woman wore a veil, making her face difficult to see, but he was something of an expert on beautiful women. And the woman was undoubtedly beautiful. Enough so that it would cause him no end of trouble, so he really hoped she stumbled into the wrong tent.

"I'm sure Sheba will appreciate your faithfulness," the woman replied with a hint of a smile in her voice. "However, that is not why I am here. I carry a message from Al-Khayzuran, the Queen Mother, for your ears."

Hadi swallowed a groan. Whatever the message was…

He was certain that he wouldn't like it.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:AtreusGodOfWar, Pain4077, gartf and 395 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Divide and Conquer New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#7,800
Lot of names get thrown out in this chapter. Here is something of a reference to make things a bit easier for you.

Jafar Barmakid
Yahya (son)

Emir Ismail of Damascus (Does not like Hadi because of a duel)
Isa (Emir of Isaid)
Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Qasim (Emir of Dulafid)
Hasan (Emir of Zaydid)

Emir Divdad of Sajid (Co-head of conspiracy)
Al Muwaffak ibn al-Mutawakkil (Emir of Basra)
Ahmad ibn Malik (Emir of Attab)

Emir Asad of Egypt (Hadi's ward)

Al-Khayzuran (Harun mom)

…

Being an Emir was an immense privilege. Less than a dozen bore the title, and even amongst his peers, his domain was vast. Powerful. And it was on the very far reaches of the Caliphate, so he enjoyed freedoms unknown to the other Emirs. Emir Bassam of Syria was a rich man, but his territory was comparatively small. It was also a territory tightly controlled because of its proximity to the heartlands of the Caliphate.

When it became clear that Harun was attempting to murder Hadi with kindness and favors, Hadi had found himself… tripping the fat, so to speak. With his meteoric rise from an absolute no one to one of the most powerful men in the Caliphate, he had no shortage of enemies. Some who were jealous of his rise, others hating him fiercely because he overpassed them, and a few who despised him as a matter of principle. In the first year of his rule alone, he must have survived at least a hundred assassination attempts.

Well, it felt like a hundred. It was closer to three.

The point being, with such a plethora of reasons for his subjects to want him dead, Hadi began to rein in his worst habits. He was a married man now, so no more brothels. He had never been a particularly devout Muslim, but Allah frowned upon wine for some reason; thus he would abstain. That was enough to convince Hadi that Allah hated him in particular, because there were few things more miserable than having a banquet with people who already hated you while staying completely sober.

He had gotten used to it over time. Even appreciated it. His position wasn't entirely devoid of its amusements or advantages. He had come to care for his wife, and he liked to think she was at least a little fond of him in turn. It was also very nice that people had to tip-toe around him now, instead of the other way around.

However, there were moments like these that made him long for wine and his days of absolute obscurity. Because the moment he laid eyes on the woman in his tent, he could already tell he was going to loath the conversation that followed.

"You claim to be here on behalf of Al-Khayzuran," Hadi began, eyeing the woman warily as he moved to his desk. A knife was in a secret compartment, which he was ready to grab while he sat down. "What proof do you have of this claim?"

The woman seemed pleased by his caution, watching him from behind her veil, "Lazy. Content. Cynical. These were the words my master passed to me to convince you of my identity."

There were few people that Hadi genuinely feared. Siegfried was one of them, even if that fear had faded as they were nominally allies. Another was Al-Khayzuran, Harun's mother. He'd met her the first time as a humble Shiekh, fresh from their defeat at Ravenfeast but victory over the Romans. It had been that meeting where she summarized him in three words.

He had met her two times since, and she was no less terrifying with exposure. Khalid denied that she was like him, who could gaze upon something and know its innermost secrets. But never before, and never since, had he been so exposed. The well-crafted mask he wore as naturally as breathing was ripped off with ease.

But, because of those three words, he'd risen as high as he had. Al-Khayzuran trusted him because she knew that Hadi didn't even want the power he had as a Shiekh. That, in turn, had Harun dumping more and more responsibility upon him until he landed in this mess. Damn it all. Maybe he should just rebel. Maybe then he could get some peace and quiet.

Hadi pushed the thought away with a sigh, "You are who you claim." He acknowledged with a nod of his head, some of the tension easing out of him. "Does Harun still live? Is Al-Khayzuran safe?" He questioned sharply, bracing himself for the answer. "What is your name?"

"This one is named Tahleela el-Sadri, Emir Hadi al-Ghayb," Tahleela answered with a bow. "The message is thus: Caliph Harun al-Rashid lives. His strength is recovering, but he and the Queen Mother are imprisoned inside the palace under the guise of protection. The servants and guard have been purged of loyalists. Should the battle turn against the traitor Jafar, my master believes that they will be slain outright."

Relief and concern warred in Hadi's chest. Relief that Harun still lived. That his corpse wasn't being propped up and wrung of all use before being discarded. But concern overshadowed his relief because he was in a precarious position. Hostage in his own palace. Baghdad was as much Harun's seat of power as it was Jafar's. He had a wealth of influence in the city -- control over the servants, the city guard, keys to the treasury, and lesser appointments at court.

The Barmakids had no lands. No armies. However, their position of servants to the Abbasid dynasty had granted them a wealth of influence, which they'd used to pull off the coup. However…

"Jafar is the face of it, but who is his backing?" Jafar didn't have the power to become Caliph. Hadi had no doubts he orchestrated the coup, but the people and the Emirs wouldn't accept him as Caliph. The most he could hope for was to be granted an Emirate with wealth, armies, and titles, so his family would have hard power to support their soft power.

"A collection of Emirs, one you have already bested. Emir Ismail of Damascus and Emir Divdad of Sajid are the heads of the conspiracy. Each of them has recruited their own followers, quarreling for the throne even as they work to usurp it." At that, she unveiled a scroll of parchment that she presented to him. "Jafar serves as an intermediary between them, playing both sides against each other for the promise of greater rewards and to keep them from descending into pure chaos."

On the scroll was a list of his enemies.

Emir Isa of Isaid and Emir Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Qasim of Dulafid supported Emir Ismail.

On the other side of the conspiracy were Emir Al Muwaffak ibn al-Mutawakkil of Basra and Emir Ahmad ibn Malik of Attab, who supported Emir Divdad.

Meaning that of the eleven Emirs, six of them were attempting to usurp the Caliphate. He and his former ward, Asad, were loyal. The remaining three were waiting to see which way the wind blew before committing. It was a less than ideal situation. It would seem that the Emirs were not fond of Harun's efforts to curtail their powers and influence.

If there had to be a piece of good news, then it was that most of his enemies were divided and far removed from each other. Emir Isa of Isaid controlled the territory around Mecca. While Mecca was important, the lands around it were not. Harsh, sparsely populated, with a desert between Hadi and whatever army Isa could muster.

On the other hand, the half of the conspiracy that supported Divdad was far more localized around the Arabian Peninsula. That would be a problem. While not all Emirates were created equal, there was no such thing as a weak Emir. They could summon thousands of men to their banners, if not tens of thousand. Hadi was an extreme outlier on how much power an Emir could traditionally command.

Between those three, he would face an army thirty to fifty thousand strong. Perhaps more. It entirely depended on how desperate they were. Worse, since they were so tightly grouped together, he had little hope of marching fast enough to attack them before they could group up.

"Emir Ismail and his son Yusuf have been diminished with the loss here," Hadi ventured slowly, putting together parts of ideas to create a halfway coherent plan. "That would unify them under Divdad's leadership. What is his temperament?"

"Cold." Tahleela answered, and that was the last thing that Hadi wanted to hear. Rash men made much better enemies.

"The men who support him?" Hadi tried, looking for an angle that turned his plan from impossible to merely a long shot. He searched his memory. "Ahmad of Attab. I recall that he is the ambitious sort."

"Your memory serves you well," Tahleela confirmed with the barest of nods. "He cares little for the truth of Caliph Harun al-Rashid's near assassination. He merely seeks to put an end to the efforts to diminish his own standing. He, and many others."

That was something to use. Support was conditional. There was always a first amongst equals, and there were few who chaffed more than those who looked at their peers and thought they should be the one in charge. When there was a shift in that hierarchy? Someone like Ahmad would always take a step forward to fill it. It was just a question of how he could convince the man that it was his own idea.

"Is there any one being misled? Any who earnestly believe that I am responsible and that they serve the Caliph's will?" A little much to hope for, but apparently not too much.

Tahleela offered a deep nod, "Emir Abd al-Aziz. At least, that is our belief." That was a relief. In that case, the plan was possible. A thoroughly terrible idea, but possible. "What is your intention, Emir Hadi al-Ghayb?"

Hadi's fingers drummed on his desk, pulling together details and half-formed ideas into a coherent plan. "First… I shall strike Divdad directly. A forced march into the heart of his territory." A risky maneuver, but with it, they will have lessened the leadership behind the coup. All the better, by his recollection, Abd al-Aziz and Ahmad of Attab were no friends.

It would have to be fast, however. Before they have a chance to earnestly join forces. Even with all haste, they wouldn't be able to stop at least one or two armies joining forces. It would require the right battlefield and a pinch of luck, but it was a battle they could win.

"And second?" Tahleela questioned, earning a small smile from Hadi.

"I shall kidnap the Caliph."


…
​

Upon the morning, before they had a chance to earnestly celebrate the victory, his army began its long march into the heartlands of the Caliphate. A small army of scouts rode ahead of them, to ensure that they didn't march into an ambush, and also to keep an eye on the new shifting lines amongst the rebelling Emirs.

With Yusuf's defeat, Emir Ismail was diminished. His support wavering. Emir Isa was a desert away, and Hadi had already sent missives to Egypt to rally up some troops. They wouldn't be used in the conflict, not unless something went well and terribly wrong. Beyond how horribly wrong everything already was, of course. They were just another factor for his enemies to consider as Egypt was perhaps the second most powerful Emirate.

While he didn't have access to his spy network, Al-Khayzuran had her own that she had opened up to him. Word of his victory spread a bit faster than Hadi would have preferred. All of the lords, nobility both high and low, had kept a close eye on the battle, so word spread like wildfire. He made a concentrated effort to disperse the truth with false rumors -- that his victory had been far more narrow, that his losses were grievous. How effective it was, there was no way to tell.

In the end, he saw the cracks he hoped to see. Emir Ismail was pushing against Divdad while Ahmad of Attab attempted to usurp his place in the alliance. Hasan flirted with supporting Ahmad, while Abd al-Aziz remained steadfast. Where it really counted was the fact that support was being frozen for Divdad.

If they joined forces in earnest, they could boast an army many thousands strong. Perhaps a hundred thousand strong if they threw caution to the wind. As it was, as Hadi tore through the heartlands, purchasing supplies as needed rather than carrying them to avoid the extra weight slowing them down. Well, he said purchasing, but it was mostly looting with a promise of repayment that he was going to foist on Harun.

An army that could have been a hundred thousand strong was instead divided. Split up by political machinations and distance. Something Hadi took full advantage of more than a week later, his arsenal covered in saddle sores, but they were in position.

"Hadi…" Khalid began, once they arrived on their chosen battlefield. Or, rather, the battlefields.

"I know," Hadi replied, already knowing what Khalid was going to say. No need for special powers for that. "Believe me. I know."

At his back were twelve thousand men. Another twelve were elsewhere, marching on Khalid's command. The remaining ten thousand? They were marching towards Baghdad underneath a commander Hadi trusted enough to hold the siege, but not enough to win the three pivotal battles that were coming.

It was a risk to spread his forces. A substantial one. It was, however, necessary.

Abd al-Aziz and his eight thousand men were rushing to Baghdad instead of reinforcing Divdad. Al Muwaffak ibn al-Mutawakkil marched to join Divdad with fifteen thousand additional men, reinforcements which wouldn't be arriving due to Khalid marching to battle him. Meanwhile, Emir Ismail- or, rather, Yusuf, had joined up with Hasan. Combined, they numbered twenty thousand strong with the cavalry Yusuf had managed to salvage from the battle.

Leaving the lone force before him to be the combined might of Divdad and Ahmad. An army that could have been as many as a hundred thousand strong was instead fifteen thousand. Ten thousand levied from Divdad's holdings, with the remaining five thousand commanded by Ahmad.

"You are needed elsewhere, Khalid. Have a little faith. I only pick fights that I know I'll win." He was a coward like that. Because, despite being outnumbered by three thousand men, he wasn't truly outnumbered. It could even be argued that he had the advantage. "But only if you win your battle."

The pieces on the board were divided but not so much that they couldn't unify. When their enemies learned that he'd divided their forces, they were going to pounce on the isolated armies. Yusuf would be eager to avenge his loss, but he might not be in control over the army. He remained afar for now, but only because his rivals were battling his enemies.

"Be careful, Hadi," Khalid said after a moment, gazing off in the direction of the Divdad army. They were not yet in sight, but he knew their composition. Ten thousand infantry. Three thousand archers. Two thousand cavalry, one part heavy, two parts light. "The path we walk is a narrow one."

Hadi inclined his head to his trusted right hand before they went their separate ways.

His twelve thousand men marched onward to a battlefield that wasn't of their choosing, as it was a vast flatland with not so much as a hill to be found, or a river. It was within Hadi's expectations when they arrived. His men marched out according to his orders.

Eight thousand infantry, five hundred archers, and three thousand and a half cavalry. Two thousand light skirmisher cavalry and a thousand five hundred heavy cavalry. Which he, rather unfortunately, would be at the head of. A messenger was sent out when both armies took to the field, but Divdad apparently wasn't feeling too talkative given he merely shot an arrow at Hadi's messenger.

It mattered little, even if it would have been nice to rile up the peer commanders. Inflame tension and work a divide between them. A divide that was already there as when the enemy army arranged itself in its battle lines, it was quite clear who commanded which part. Ahmad's control was concentrated on a single wing.

Lies were a useful thing on the battlefield. Misdirection was better. Things didn't need to be true for others to believe them to be. And sometimes, a lie could become the truth if given the opportunity.

Hadi had no doubt in his mind that Divdad, wherever the man was amongst the army, noticed how Hadi arranged his. A concentration of skirmisher cavalry on the right flank. Where Ahmad was. The anemic Norsemen guarding Hadi's own flank, while the majority of his infantry was concentrated on the center and left wings.

An odd arrangement, to be sure, given that Divdad's right wing had the largest amount of infantry in it. A suspicion would be planted in his mind. An opportunity in Ahmad's.

With a call to arms, Hadi first sent forth his skirmishers. There was dust in the air, but nothing compared to what had been kicked up during his battle with Yusuf. They charged forth, unleashing arrows and javelins into the right wing. And they were answered in turn by a volley of arrows. Some fell, but more wheeled around for another pass.

The sheer volume of his skirmisher cavalry undercut Divdad's own archers, forcing them to shoot from the back ranks of the army. Where they were less effective by half. Yet, Divdad did not dare to unleash his own skirmishers. Not when the same flank they sat on was mirrored by Hadi's heavy cavalry.

Instead, he committed to the natural course of action. He had the advantage in numbers. It would be better to use them.

A distant horn blew and Divdad's army began to march across the field. They weren't professional troops, but Divdad's domain now bordered the Khazars after their mad Roman gold-fueled dash towards their northern border, so they were drilled better than the average levy. An equal to Hadi's own force. Better, even.

But it was in that action the cracks began to show. Hadi's skirmishers delayed Ahmad's advance, making it lag behind the entire army as his horsemen darted in and out, harassing the flank with a single-minded commitment. It wasn't an effective use of his skirmishers. They would be better used along the entire army, weakening the men's resolve. After all, seeing a friend with an arrow in the eye put quite a damper on one's spirits. It was ideal for what he had in mind.

The divide widened, both physically and metaphorically.

Ahmad felt singled out. Like he was being left behind, sacrificed to arrows and javelins for the sake of convenience. Ahmad likely thought that Divdad was doing the exact same thing that Hadi had done to the Norse mercenaries.

Divdad, however, suspected betrayal. With Ahmad's forces tied up, he was facing a far more even fight than he wanted. Worse, he was doing it by attacking Hadi's position in the field. By all accounts, it looked like a farce. That Hadi had deliberately weakened his left wing, knowing that Ahmad would not reach it.

How openly Ahmad confessed his ambitions was anyone's guess, but if Divdad wasn't a fool, then he would have at least some kind of inkling. A spark of suspicion that was catching fire after being fed kindling to nurture his doubts.

Hadi had his archers step forward, unleashing a volley into the mass of approaching men. He didn't have many of them, giving most to Khalid for his own battle. Some men fell, but most didn't and simply marched onward. At least until a point.

The gap between the right and the center widened, driving things to a tipping point. A point where Divdad would either have to halt his advance to secure his right, or simply abandon it to commit to the advance.

The moment Divdad decided to commit was the moment the lie became the truth. Ahmad saw that he was being abandoned. Sacrificed upon the altar of victory. Something that he did not take with grace. Through the swarm of skirmishers, Hadi saw Ahmad pulling back. Retreating from the field, refusing to be a sacrifice for a lesser man.

Of course, that confirmed his treachery in Divdad's eyes. A deal brokered before the battle, or simple opportunism. It mattered not.

In truth, it didn't matter. Because the moment that Ahmad retreated?

The outcome was decided.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Vodoo_Woodpecker, Shance, AtreusGodOfWar and 331 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 12, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Sword of the Caliphate New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Aug 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#7,812
Jafar Barmakid
Yahya (son)

Emir Ismail of Damascus (Does not like Hadi because of a duel)
Isa (Emir of Isaid)
Abd al-Aziz ibn al-Qasim (Emir of Dulafid)
Hasan (Emir of Zaydid)

Emir Divdad of Sajid (Co-head of conspiracy)
Al Muwaffak ibn al-Mutawakkil (Emir of Basra)
Ahmad ibn Malik (Emir of Attab)

Emir Asad of Egypt (Hadi's ward)

Al-Khayzuran (Harun mom)

…
The reaction to Hadi's victory, and to Khalid's, was as expected. His sudden arrival, followed by a series of defeats, had taught the Emirs a painful lesson -- alone, they were vulnerable. There was strength in numbers. Safety. Abd al-Aziz, upon realizing that he would not be able to lift the siege on Baghdad, swiftly retreated.

Divdad managed to escape after his army's defeat, but his relief was short-lived. Ahmad captured him and his remnants, and apparently Hadi was quite bloodthirsty, as Hadi had him killed as well. The truth of it, as far as Hadi could tell, was Ahmad had him killed to quietly absorb control over the odd four thousand men that had escaped with Divdad. Leaving Ahmad with a combined host of nine thousand men.

He retreated to where Yusuf and Yahya gathered, towards the region of Armenia. The land was treacherous with mountains, making it no place for a battle. Hadi was yet unsure what their total number would be. Isa remained a desert away, essentially a non-factor in the battle to come. With the string of defeats, Hadi expected some desertions. After all, men preferred to fight for winning causes.

Still, he put their combined force of forty thousand. Maybe more, maybe less. Meaning that they were evenly matched. In theory, at least.

Hadi was content to let them gather their strength and kick their wounds. The nature of the war had changed with his victories. He had the initiative. Their claim to power was that they were acting on behalf of the Caliph. That they were punishing a traitor. It was a narrative that Hadi fed into simply because it left them with a singular course of action. They had to attack.

Particularly when he was besieged the capital with forty thousand men.

"I can't say that I expected these circumstances when I returned to Baghdad," Hadi admitted to Khalid. He did expect to return one day. Only that it would be clapped in chains once Harun realized he had promoted a fraud. It was a beautiful city, the little he could actually see of it from behind the tall walls.

Baghdad was a statement of power from the founder of the Abbasid dynasty. There was none like it anywhere else in the world. A perfectly round city, guarded by walls and a deep moat, with the palace resting in the very center of it. It was no fortification turned center of power. Quite the opposite. It was almost exposed in a way that pricked at Hadi as entirely unacceptable. Because someone like him would do what he was doing without much difficulty.

That was the point, Hadi knew from his quiet discussion with Harun. It was a testament of power. The capital of the caliphate was exposed because none could reach it. At the very least, Harun had conceded it was a dangerous confidence that bordered arrogance.

It possessed four gates, each on a central axis. As it was a city to mesmerize any who visited it, Baghdad was not built to confound an enemy. For that reason, four central roads connected the palace to the gates. However, within the city itself was a second wall. An intentional barrier to keep out the poor and undesirables from the wealthy and nobility. A third wall was erected around the palace itself. Or rather, the impressively large garden surrounding the palace, with the palace itself having its own mostly aesthetic walls.

Meaning, just because it wasn't a conventional city didn't mean it would be easy to take. Not that he desired as such. Hadi imagined Harun would be quite cross with him if he sacked his capital.

"I would be quite worried if you had," Tahleela mused with a touch of amusement. The three of them resided in his tent. Hadi himself stood behind a table with a map of Baghdad upon it. His army was divided into twelve parts -- groups of five thousand were placed around each gate, with smaller groups placed in the space around the city. "I suppose this is where you intend to kidnap the Caliph and his family?"

He was going to regret that choice of words. He might already. "We cannot afford a siege for several reasons. To begin with -- Baghdad is well provisioned. We are not. Harun estimated that Baghdad could survive two years under siege with proper rationing. I estimated five, because most Caliphs would expel the poor and sick as their opening move."

Tahleela remained a mystery to him. She was an intelligent woman. Sharp. She could never meet Sheba, that was certain. She offered nothing about herself, but from what he could glean, she was fiercely loyal to the Abbasids and enjoyed Al-Khayzuran trust.

"Secondly, I cannot risk putting Jafar into a corner," Hadi continued. He saw that she understood by the flash of violence in her eyes at the mere thought. "When Yusuf and his army march, I will have to give battle. Winning would be as disastrous as losing."

Jafar would realize his attempted coup failed. Whatever he sought to achieve with it would be lost. He might lash out. Burn the whole Caliphate to the ground by slaughtering the hostages in his possession. Or, if a steadier hand prevailed, he would use Harun as leverage.

After all, Hadi had no proof of duplicity. Only Khalid's word. Thus far, Jafar had behaved accordingly as his position of Visier demanded, if one set aside the fact he was the cause of Harun's impairment. It was entirely possible that to accept Harun's release, he would need to spout the story that it all was just a misunderstanding. That bygones were bygones. Water under the bridge.

In that case, it was possible that Jafar could remain as Visier. It entirely depended on how lucid Harun was.

In any case, it was entirely unacceptable.

"Once we have kidnapped the Caliph, such a battle will prove unnecessary, yes?" Tahleela questioned, a certain grimness in her tone that told Hadi she suspected the answer already. "The traitors must be dealt with, but I fear the Romans at our door just as much. They have already seized Antioch and the surrounding territories. As Charlemagne rises the Roman Empire to west, the Eastern half champions a reclamation of the East."

Hadi was aware. Painfully so. But that hadn't been his problem, so he was mostly unconcerned with it.

Irene spouted rhetoric about the eagle rising from the ashes. How it wasn't that long ago Rome had controlled the Levant. How it had encompassed all of the Mediterranean Sea. Such an expansion was well beyond their means, but wouldn't stop them from trying. Seizing Antioch and Cyprus had been a strong indication of intent.

The rallying cry that followed was that the holy land of Jerusalem was in the hands of heathens. It paired well with the religious fervor that spread over the Roman empire, the flames being stoked into an inferno because they somehow managed to justify their outward expansion by feeling threatened and persecution.

"Unlikely, I'm afraid," Hadi admitted, wishing it could just be that simple. But no, it couldn't be. Hadi was convinced it couldn't be specifically to spite him. "After kidnapping the Caliph, all that he shall say in my defense will be suspect. It shall be a trivial thing for the lords to twist everything as a result of duress."

If he felt like being fair -- which he absolutely did not -- then he could admit that he would have his doubts too if he were on the other side of things. Odds were, no matter what, he would suffer a dark mark on his reputation in the eyes of many even after restoring Harun to power. There would be doubts and whispers that followed him that he kidnapped the Caliph and restored him to power for… something. Hadi didn't know.

They would, though. Those that scheme as naturally as they breathed would fill in the blanks themselves, convinced Hadi got something out of the arrangement. But, if he was lucky, then he woukd never have to deal with that kind of intrigue again after cleaning up this mess.

He could go back home.

To his wife.

Their children.

And live out the rest of his life in peace.

Hadi nearly smiled at the thought, but restrained himself because it would give the wrong impression as they were talking about kidnapping the Caliph. He cleared his throat, "We must secure Caliph Harun al-Rashid, his mother, his children, and his harem before we fight the traitors. The siege is only bait to spur them into action."

Unwise action. Which was why Divdad had to be removed from the equation. Now the host was, theoretically, being led by Yusuf and Ahmad. Both ambitious, prickly, and prone to rash action. As far as enemies went, they were his favorite kind.

Tahleela nodded slowly, her expression betraying nothing. "There are passages in and out of the city. Including to the palace itself," she began and Hadi was unsurprised. After all, it only made sense to have a few ways out of what appeared to be a corner. "However, their danger is that Jafar is also aware of them. He helped oversee the construction of Baghdad, after all." Also expected, but Hadi really wished that Harun's relatives would be a little more paranoid.

"But?" Hadi tried, hoping that there was one coming.

"But-" What a relief. "-There may be one we can use. It was a passage that we may be able to use. One built by smugglers that Caliph Harun al-Rashid's father discovered, had them executed, but did not destroy the tunnel. I am unaware if Jafar knows of it. And it is into the city. There are still many walls to the palace."

That was a complication, admittedly.

"It's a start," Hadi decided before his gaze slid to Khalid. His ward turned right hand offered a knowing smile. There was no mistake in what Hadi would ask.

He would go himself, but the truth of it was… the truth was he was a middling swordsman. The war depended on him. If rescuing Harun failed, and Hadi was captured, then that was it. Jafar would win in every way that matters. Whereas Khalid…

"I understand, Hadi al-Ghayb," Khalid assured him, but it still twisted his guts into knots. "I am up to the task, but not alone. I will need… ten men, I believe."

His confidence was convincing, but Hadi couldn't tell if it was for his sake than not. "Have them. What else do you need?"

"A distraction. How large is the garrison?" He questioned, sounding like he was putting the plan together.

"Five thousand, nominally. Jafar has put weapons in the hands of an untrained militia to bolster their numbers to fifteen thousand," Tahleela answered.

Khalid nodded, "How much time would I have?"

"Two weeks. Three, if we're being optimistic." It was winter, after all. That would slow them down a fair bit, both in regrouping and the following march. While Arabia did not experience the brutal winters of the North, particularly the far north the Scandinavians described, it was not uncommon for them to see snow. Nor did it change that marching for miles on end in the cold, particularly when you were not equipped for it, was a thoroughly miserable experience.

Khalid mulled that over for a long few seconds before his chin dipped in a nod, "It should not take that long."

He was confident. Enough so that Hadi wanted to believe him as a matter of principle. "You will have your distraction," he promised, knowing that all of it rested on Khalid's shoulders.

He could only hope that he put his faith in the right hands.

…

Khalid ibn al-Walid found himself in a small, cramped tunnel heavy with the scent of smoke due to the torch he carried in one hand. Behind him were ten men who followed in relative silence, all loyal to Hadi. Thus the Caliphate.

There was a sharp hiss as moisture from above dripped into the torch; the tunnel itself was steadily flooding, the stagnant water already coming up to his ankles.

They followed the tunnel carved from stone for some time, but through the darkness beyond his torch's light, Hadi spied their destination. A rough set of carved stairs leading up to a wood covering. The hiss was stronger when Khalid plunged the torch into the water, similarly plunging the tunnel into absolute darkness. It made the faint light that streamed in from the gaps in the floorboards that much more apparent. Pushing up against the boards, the hatch lifted with a squealing hinge in dire need of an oiling.

Pulling himself up, Khalid instantly found the gaze of an elderly woman in the cellar they arrived inside of.


[Jasra el-Nasrallah

Age: 65

History: Orphaned at a young age. Raised by Rifaah al-Qazi until the age of sixteen, she was then wed to Haashim al-Dajani for the dowry of a silver ring, five chickens, and a goat.



Her marriage with Haashim was a peaceful one, resulting in three children. Two lived to adulthood, with four grandchildren produced from the union. Haashim passed fifteen years ago, leaving her eldest son, Mamoon, to maintain ownership of the inn. Mamoon does not have a head for numbers, or good business sense, leaving her to run the inn as she had with her husband.



Has been aware of the smuggling tunnel for some time. Her husband was part of the smuggling ring. Did not fill the tunnel out of fear it would arouse suspicion.



Fears your arrival. Understands that even should she scream, she is not likely to be heard.]
​

Hadi did not understand Khalid's gift, for all that he tried to. Perhaps the only one who truly could was Siegfried, as their tale was a similar one. From the moment of his birth, he could look upon anything to learn its history. Secrets that he could not learn naturally were revealed to him within his mind, not as a whisper but as if he had learned it from a page.

He improved with time. Should he wish, it would be trivial to look deeper. To learn the complete history of her life. The lives of her children. Or he could learn specific things, such as her favorite food, what flowers she found the prettiest, or her opinion on something.

Khalid rarely used his gift in such a way. And never without cause. It… took something from him, in a way. Not physically. It was an easy gift to abuse. He could look at someone and learn their innermost secrets, fears, desires, and hopes. To do so freely would rob him of his chance to learn such things naturally as their relationship deepened.

In this case, however, it was prudent. "Good evening," Khalid greeted her with a polite bow. "I ask that you forgive our trespass. Please, allow me to offer compensation to make amends," he said, taking out a small coin purse. Jasra looked to it, then to his face, and then to the men that continued to emerge from the smuggler's tunnel in her cellar.

"... there is nothing to forgive, child. Do you require a room?" She asked, reframing the bribe and Kahlid's smile widened.

"We do. You have our sincerest thanks, my lady," Khalid assured her, paying her a generous amount for the rooms. And her silence. She accepted the coin with a knowing look.

"We have supper. Hot and cold," She informed after a moment of debate, choosing to treat them as common guests. Khalid saw why she was in charge of the in.

"Something hot sounds lovely," Khalid decided, choosing to follow when she made a gesture to. The last man out of the tunnel closed the hatch behind them before joining them inside of an empty in. That, Khalid suspected, was their fault. Few travelers when there was a war. Fewer when the city was under siege.

"It'll just be a moment," Jasra assured them, disappearing into the kitchen. Khalid took a seat at a table, and he was joined by the others. It was a strange thing to be looked to for guidance. He understood why Hadi disliked it, even though he was quite good at it. However, he offered none until Jasra and her granddaughter arrived with bowls full of warm stew.

"My thanks," Khalid said, looking down into the bowl. The ingredients were fresh and it was untainted. The others only ate when he took the first bite. "Could I trouble you with a few questions about Baghdad?"

"You may, young man. Though, my eyes are dim and my hearing fades, so I cannot promise any answers," Jasra replied. "I suppose the siege has your curiosity?"

"Among other things," Khalid replied, taking another bite of stew. Hadi's cooks were excellent, but there were times when Khalid found himself wistful for the days of simple travel foods. His days as Alim, a common peasant with only one man aware of his heritage. "How have things been since the siege began?"

Jasra offered a small scoff at the question, likely due to his own part in it, but she answered all the same. "Things have been… difficult. Vizier has strangled the city in the name of rooting out traitors who had a hand in Hadi al-Ghayb's attempt on the Caliph's life. That 'milita' he assembled aren't much more than a band of thugs, but they've set up checkpoints every five feet, it feels like. Just so they can rob you under the guise of an inspection."

Unfortunate to hear, but useful. As luck would have it, Hadi had foreseen something along these lines and prepared a sizable purse for the purpose of bribes. "Is travel between rings permitted?"

"If you have a pass. Which I don't have. And I doubt you do either," Jasra continued, with a small humph. She was correct in that estimation. "The only ones that do are guards and merchants. The nobility too, I suppose, but I haven't seen any of them."

Khalid took another bite of his stew, mulling over the information. Again, it was less than ideal, but well within expectations. Jafar would naturally strangle the ability to move within Baghdad, as it was a means to strangling information coming to and from the city. When every creature inside the palace belonged to him, it allowed him to spin whatever story he wished. His lies became the truth to all who heard them because they had no other means of learning what happened inside the palace.

However, such measures were not perfect. There were some who would bow their heads, feigning obedience while they plotted behind his back. There would be more who obeyed out of fear, or because they saw Jafar as the eventual victor. Something that would change with the siege and Hadi's string of victories. Then there would be those who were simply greedy whose loyalty could be purchased for a heavy enough purse.

It seemed right that Allah had granted him the ability to distinguish one from the other.

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ShirouGin11, Shance, AtreusGodOfWar and 308 others
Ideas-Guy
Aug 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Making Friends New
View content
Ideas-Guy
Ideas-Guy
Versed in the lewd.
JoinedJun 25, 2018
Messages1,938
Likes received820,937
Wednesday at 20:46
New
Add bookmark
#7,828
While Baghdad was the center of power for the Abbasid Caliphate, it was also a new city. The founder of the dynasty founded it, but he would not live to see its completion. Neither would his heir, nor the heir that came after. It was Harun al-Rashid's father who would finally complete the city, but even he barely got to enjoy the fruits of his labor before he perished from his wounds incurred by the Romans.

It had been more than a decade since then, but for cities, that was no time at all. Barely a blink, Khalid reasoned. Like a good house, it took time for things to settle when the construction was done. And for the capital of a new dynasty leading the Caliphate? It was the people and their positions that groaned instead of nails and wood.

"How are you, my friend?" Khalid approached with a smile. One of the guards that oversaw the checkpoint glanced up from their half lidded stare, inviting no conversation with the line of people attempting to pass through the gate. It was a well built gatehouse, built with the idea of making the enemy pay in blood if they took the outer ring. It was necessary, as the road beyond led straight to the palace. Just with a few more checkpoints.

Then Shaakir el-Saab blinked. "Oh, Alim!" Shaakir offered an easy smile. "Need to go through today?"

"Not today," Khalid replied, returning the smile. "I was in the area and saw you looking quite bored." That earned a laugh in response before Shaakir made a gesture and Khalid followed him.

"The Vizier is not a military man, and it shows," Shaakir said, setting his spear against a wall and offering a stacked sack of sand for Khalid to sit on. "Since Hadi al-Ghayb has arrived, he wants us to be on high alert at all times. More men at the guardhouse than sense. Leaves men like me with nothing to do."

Khalid laughed, "I suppose too many hands can make a labor too light."

"Can't do anything but stand around," Shaakir sighed. But then he shrugged, "But there are worse ways to be paid. What of you? Any luck there?"

"Less than I would like," Khalid lied. "Mostly deliveries. There are many idle hands in Baghdad with the siege. People that meant to leave are forced to stay, and many that were already inside have lost the ability or demand for their trade." It was a side to sieges Khalid had never considered.

Hadi had spared no expense in his education. Khalid knew the broad strokes of siege warfare quite well, the common strategies and the pitfalls to avoid. But no text about a siege spoke of how it affected the common people trapped within the walls. An oversight, in his opinion. If only because it would prevent others from attempting exactly what he was doing.

Shaakir stroked his beard for a moment before glancing down at Khalid's hands. "Farmer?" He asked, and Khalid openly displayed the calluses. From learning spearwork and swordsmanship. Alongside calluses on his finger and thumb from a quill.

They were the hands of someone who was not afraid of work. "And laborer. My father died when I was quite young, but Zafir, the man who raised me, taught me my sums and letters. Though I would hardly call myself a scholar," he added with a laugh.

Shaakir joined him, "If you need work, I can see about getting you a pass to speak to the commander." A commander that resided in the gatehouse in the second ring of the city.

Khalid adopted a surprised expression, "Truly?"

"Of course! If I'm going to be paid to stand and do nothing, then I might as well do it with good company!" Shaakir replied, and Khalid's smile was not at all fake. But it would be a lie to call it entirely genuine.

There was a reason why he did not like using his gift this way. Shaakir was a good man. Fair. Honest. Not perfect, but he would make a genuine effort for those he cared for. He possessed no inherent loyalty to Jafar, but he was very concerned about Hadi. Enough so that there was no point in trying to convince him to work on his behalf.

It was no coincidence Khalid chose him to approach over the three days they had been inside of Baghdad. He had delved deeper into people's histories than he ever had before, the events of their lives laid out before him like a book. Every triumph, every defeat, every argument with their parents, spouse, sibling or child. Every heartfelt opinion, every lie they felt guilt for, and every honest and dishonest action they had taken. All of it unraveled for Khalid, revealing every step of their life from birth to their present circumstances.

It felt entirely dishonest when he approached Shaakir. A friendship struck by his already knowing what he enjoyed, what he enjoyed speaking about, the dislikes that he spoke of openly and to no one else. Worse still, Khalid had approached him with a singular intent.

"I'll get you your pass later today. Come tomorrow, you'll be standing guard with me!" Shaakir said with a cheer, and they wasted the afternoon away. Khalid could only hope that the betrayal he would feel after would not wound the man too deeply.

True to his word, on the morning of the next day, Shaakir presented him with a pass etched into parchment and marked with a seal. Shaakir offered a wave of encouragement once Khalid was allowed to pass beyond the checkpoint. Khalid returned the wave, but the smile slipped from his face once he was beyond the checkpoint.

The second ring of Baghdad was nicer than the outer ring. While it was not an outright rule, those with wealth congregated inside the second ring. It was where nobility kept their estates. Where wealthy merchants or land owners would open trade halls or offices. It was not as full as the outer layer, yet there were still many walking the streets, allowing him to get lost in the crowd.

None would come looking for him, Khalid knew. Despite all the security Jafar established to maintain his grip on the city, his chosen agents were ill-trained. Little more than what Shaakir thought Khalid was -- a random man off the street with a strong arm and back.

The checkpoints were meant to control who got between them, where the patrols would further sift out those who seemed suspicious- in theory. Those at the checkpoints at least needed to pretend to be alert. Those on the roads gathered in groups, playing dice or drinking. When they did pull someone to the side… Well, it was usually because they were suspicious of how weighty their coinpurse was rather than of them being an agent of Hadi.

None paid Khalid any particular mind. He was dressed well enough that he blended in amongst the richer inhabitants of the city, but not so much that he could be mistaken for nobility. They would look upon him and see a merchant stuck in the city. Precisely because that's exactly the kind of person he got the clothing from.

There were, of course, some roads that were more regularly patrolled by those that took their duty seriously. They accosted those walking by, convinced that they were a spy. Admittedly, they were few in number, but they were there.

Khalid avoided them. Identifying those who were greedy and loyal from those who simply didn't care. Taking too great an effort to avoid every guard would have been suspicious, so Khalid ventured close to those who would not give him a second glance and far from those who would. It meant his journey was uneventful as he arrived before a building, one heavy with the scent of perfume, incense, sweat, and alcohol.

The reason for this was revealed when he stepped inside. It was a brothel. A high class one, by appearances. There was a mingling area with many curtains pulled up for privacy, but there were others who drank and flirted in the open.

"Alim!" Naadir greeted him with evident relief, one of the ten that Khalid had arrived with. "We were just discussing you."

Khalid approached, finding his fellows gathered in a private room. But they were not alone. Women were inside of the room, as he expected. A quick glance at all of them told the story that he also expected -- they cared little for any of them, only that they paid well for their time.

"Good things, I hope?" Khalid replied, taking a seat and nodding his thanks when a cup was presented to him. It was wine, unfortunately. Even setting aside that Allah frowned on those who drank, Khalid simply did not care for the taste.

"We were worried that you were the one who wouldn't make it through the checkpoint," Naadir replied with some amusement. He wore a drunken smile, but his eyes were sharp. His words careful.

Khalid was the last to arrive because he'd facilitated the others passage ahead of him through bribes, favors, and blackmail. Simply to ensure that if they were discovered, the thread connecting them all was thin. "It took some time, but I could hardly miss this gathering, my friends," Kahlid replied with a toast to them. As if they were only friends reunited by happenstance.

The first checkpoint, of course, was the easiest one. Security would only increase once they got closer to the palace, with the palace itself being the most highly guarded of all… and not just to keep intruders out.

Khalid brought his wine to his lips and tried not to grimace at the taste. His gaze went to the patrons that he could see, skimming what Allah whispered to him in search of a particular kind of person. After all, during a siege, there was nothing but idle entertainment. Food was not yet scarce, nor water. Disease had not spread, and Hadi did not bombard the walls. The harsh realities of a siege had not yet set in for people, leaving many to do exactly as Khalid and his men were seen to be doing.

They went to brothels or other such pleasure houses, where they drank and gambled and made merry. Nobles who were trapped inside the city, or wealthy merchants, or guardsmen who found their coin purses heavy after alleviating others of their wealth. It was a natural congregation point for such men of influence. Men who might be amenable to their cause, be it by favor, bribe, threats, or a common cause.

Yet, it was not in the men who caught his attention.

[Sabreen al-Mansouri.
Age: 20
History: Sabreen was sold to a brothel at a young age after being orphaned. There, she was raised by the Madam and owner of the brothel, and freed from her enslavement. She remains out of loyalty and enjoyment of her work.

She is currently embroiled in a conspiracy to open the gates to Hadi al-Ghayb at the behest of the Madam.]

It would seem keen minds thought alike. The young woman caught his gaze, offering a practiced smile in response. With effortless grace, she crossed the room and draped herself over the cushions. She seemed moderately surprised when his gaze did not waver. "Is the wine not to your liking?" She questioned, leaning close. "Most guzzle it like it shall be their last cup."

"It may not be, but it will not be long before the wine runs dry," Khalid remarked. "The only way to forestall that is a swift end to the siege."

Sabreen disguised her reaction well, but her gaze sharpened just a touch. "Quite true, but not for all. For the nobles in their palaces… rivers of wine would still flow. Though I doubt they shall share a drop."

"Their greed knows no bounds," Khalid returned.

Her smile grew as sharp as her gaze, "How honest~! I wonder whose greed in particular you speak of?" She asked in a teasing tone, and in response, Khalid raised his goblet.

"I am afraid that you will need a few more of these to get me to answer that question." To her credit, she did try. He drank his wine slowly, and always chased the taste away with something to absorb the alcohol in his stomach. To his cup, his companions drank two or three.

Seeing them as more suitable targets, Sabreen asked seemingly innocent questions. She was careful about it, however, by sprinkling them between idle chatter and flirting. In truth, without Allah's gift, Khalid strongly doubted he would have noticed what she was doing.

Khalid did not press during that meeting. Those participating in a conspiracy were notoriously skittish. If he pressed, they would sense a trap, even if there wasn't one.

Instead, in the four days that followed, Khalid allowed himself to be observed. They watched on from afar, following in his shadow, sometimes with familiar faces and others that were not. They watched him do the exact same thing that they were. He approached guardsmen and merchants alike to build a web that could get him into the palace.

A task that was most difficult. The only way to enter the palace was through invitation by Jafar, which to their fortune he gave out with some frequency. He had to. Hadi's rapid series of victories had completely shattered the confidence the traitors had in the coup. They'd named Hadi the usurper and did so with the expectation of two outcomes. First, that they would have to invade his domain.

The second, in their treacherous minds, was more likely: that Hadi would simply look at the Caliphate arranged against him, look to Charlemagne, who still sought to control all of Hispania, and simply decide that it wasn't worth the effort. His domain was vast, it was on the edge of the Caliphate. Why be an Emir when he could become a Caliph? So, they mustered their armies in a show of force, expecting that they would most likely be using them on their fellow conspirators.

Instead, Hadi arrived in the Arabian Peninsula well beyond their earliest expectations, soundly trounced them, and now he besieged the capital.

The nobles who had supported Jafar, or the coup in general, needed assurances. They needed distractions.

It was a window of opportunity that Khalid intended to take advantage of, but to do so, he needed to grease a number of palms. He needed to meet the right people so he could meet others who could put him and his team in position. It was possible. Even likely. However, after a week had already passed, Khalid couldn't claim he wasn't feeling the pressure.

Which made it a relief when he was eventually confronted.

Khalid saw the ambush coming a day in advance. His tail shifted from watching him to watching where he was going, placing men where his routes favored. They were looking for an opportunity to grab him rather than assassinate him. Somewhere private and not far from where they could conduct their interrogation. And because he saw the ambush coming, he could control where it took place along with setting in place a few countermeasures in case they couldn't come to an agreement.

The two men were waiting for him just out of sight in the alley between buildings. With a practiced smoothness, Khalid found his arms pinned to his sides and a gag shoved into his mouth. Just before the blindfold followed, he heard a fierce whisper in his ear alongside a sharp blade pressed to his neck. "Don't resist and you will not be harmed." What would happen if he did was evident enough.

Khalid was carried away with a guiding hand on his shoulder, or physically lifted with a pair under his. They didn't take him far. As he expected, they dragged him into a cellar that was exposed to the alley. Within two minutes, Khalid found himself forced onto a small stool, his hands bound before the blindfold was ripped off.

There was a woman who stood before him first and foremost. Her face was uncovered, unashamed of a jagged burn scar that crossed one eye. She was flanked by two men. Only one of them had aided in his capture.

[Inara al-Badour
Age: 38
History: Sold to a brothel as a child by her birth parents, she was raised to be a prostitute with the hopes of becoming a concubine. Hopes that failed to manifest when she found herself pregnant-]

"You," Inara began, her tone clipped as every thought Khalid was having came to an abrupt halt, "are remarkably composed for a man who has been kidnapped from the streets with no warning. No promise of survival."

It took a moment for Khalid to reply, struck genuinely speechless. Circumstances forced him to find his voice. "I… do not believe that I am in any danger. If you were with Jafar, then I would already be dead or in chains." He struggled to regain his footing, or recall his script for how the encounter was to go.

"Perhaps," Inara replied, conceding that point. "But that does not mean you are amongst allies."

"Then allow me to make my allegiance clear -- I am Khalid, in service to Emir Hadi al-Ghayb and tasked with infiltrating the royal palace to rescue Caliph Harun al-Rashid, his kin, and harem. All in the name of protecting them from the usurpers Jafar and his conspirators."

That made the man next to Inara waver. He was of a similar age to Khalid, if a year or two younger. His face… he favored his mother, that much Khalid saw. He didn't even need his gift to know that much. However, he also favored his father. Particularly in the eyes, which were filled with disguised suspicion.

"Rescue?" He questioned and… he even sounded like his father. "Hadi al-Ghayb is not attempting to overthrow the Caliphate?" He sounded genuinely surprised by the news.

Khalid looked to him, then to Inara, who watched him with a lone eye. He chewed on his response before speaking carefully, "Hadi al-Ghayb wept when he was made an Emir. I believe if he would become Caliph, he would never stop."

There was a loud silence following his words and something softened in Inara's eye. "That does sound more like the Hadi I knew," she confessed, thinking that Khalid couldn't know the context behind the admission. "But that was some time ago."

"Yet," Khalid spoke slowly, "You still labor in his service. Aiding him to take Baghdad?" As he spoke, his gaze flickered to the man by her side before darting back to her. Inara's gaze narrowed. He could see her debating on whether she should answer or not.

"Our motives are our own," Inara said, deciding against elaboration. A trust he had not yet earned. "But it would seem that we have a mutual goal. And enemies." She made a gesture and the knot around Khalid's wrists was undone. "However, rescuing the Caliph… that will be a task. Getting into the palace shall be difficult. Getting the Caliph and so many other valuable hostages? That will require an act of divine will."

Khalid stood up slowly, "I am aware. I don't suppose you would have a plan of your own I could borrow?" He asked with a thin smile.

Inara looked at him for a moment before she tilted her head ever so slightly. She had a plan, but Khalid suspected…

"How would you feel about dressing as a woman?"

...

The next chapter is currently available on my Patreon and Subscribe Star, so if you want to read it a week early, all it takes is a single dollar in the tip jar. Or, for five dollars, you can read the chapter after that two weeks before its public release! I hope you enjoyed!
My Stories: Legends Never Die (Ahistorical/CKIII Gamer), The Good Life (WC/The Boys), A Fun Time, Not A Long Time (One Piece/WC), A Golden Path (Asoiaf/Dune), Life's Rough on the Rim (Rimworld/Multicross), Conquest (DBZ/Multicross), Ghastly Adventures (Pokemon SI)
Completed Stories: Going Native (DBZ/DC Comics), Power Corrupts (Gamer SI), See No Evil (Young Justice SI), Castoff (Berserk/Witcher 3), Never Fade Away (Cyberpunk: Edgerunners/Mass Effect) (Inspired Inventor), Best of Intentions (Resident Evil),
On Hold: Gone Native: Earth Saga (DBZ/DC Comics), Risk It All (Young Justice/Gamer), Gacha God (MCU/Marvel Comics),
Snippets: Idea Pile (Snippets/Fic Ideas)
Patreon: Ideas-Guy's Patreon Subscribe Star: Ideas-Guy's Subscribe Star
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:ShadowMaori, gartf, Saltedboi and 301 others
Ideas-Guy
Wednesday at 20:46
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
…
4
5
6
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Reece
[NSFW] Cobra Kai: Never Die!
Reece Jun 16, 2026 Words: 5.7k cobra kai cultivation karate kid
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 20, 2026
Tel Janin Aman
Tel Janin Aman
Smuttymessiah22
 [NSFW] The Caped Crusader
Smuttymessiah22 Yesterday at 16:18 Words: 7.4k bat family batman comment you lurkers
Replies22
Views2K
Today at 16:11
Grainfly
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Yesterday at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
Dragonspectre
 [NSFW] Heavenly Chaos Gacha Gamer (Naruto SI)
Dragonspectre Aug 21, 2026 Words: 4.4k 1 2 chaos gacha gamer fic naruto
Replies40
Views4K
Monday at 10:05
Dragonspectre
Dragonspectre
Crista20
[NSFW] Avatar - Do or Die, Or how to survive in this damned forest (James Cameron, Oc Insert, Gamer)
Crista20 Feb 9, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 avatar culture eywa
Replies114
Views23K
Jun 18, 2026
Crista20
Crista20
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit