Like the Night that never ends
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/74896376.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Category:
Fandoms:
Relationships:
Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Series:
Stats:

Explicit
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
M/M
The Terror (TV 2018), The Terror - Dan Simmons
Francis Crozier/James Fitzjames, James Fitzjames/Henry T. D. Le
Vesconte, Francis Crozier & James Fitzjames
Francis Crozier, James Fitzjames (1813-c.1848), John Franklin (17861847), Thomas Blanky, Thomas Jopson, Cornelius Hickey, Henry T. D.
Le Vesconte, Edward Little (1811-c.1848), John Irving (1815-c.1848),
George Henry Hodgson, Harry D. S. Goodsir, Lady Silence | Silna (The
Terror), John Bridgens, Henry "Harry" Peglar, Stephen S. Stanley,
William Gibson (1823-c.1848), Netsilik Shaman | Silna's Father (The
Terror), Neptune (The Terror), Henry Foster Collins
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Alternate Universe - Time
Travel, Fix-It of Sorts, Falling In Love, First Time, Difficult Decisions,
Moral Dilemmas, Somebody Lives/Not Everyone Dies, THE DRESS,
Julius Caesar - Shakespeare References, Anal Sex, Oral Sex, Rimming,
Minor William Gibson/Cornelius Hickey, Minor John Bridgens/Henry
"Harry" Peglar
English
Part 1 of Like the Night that never ends
Published: 2025-11-28 Completed: 2026-04-25 Words: 184,547
Chapters: 42/42

Like the Night that never ends
by DreamsofArachne
Summary

After James's death, Francis finds himself on his ship, two years before, the horrors still
ahead of them. He is determined to avert the disaster this time, but will he be able to?
Caught between two timelines, Francis soon realises that even with hindsight, things are far
from easy and he must make difficult decisions if they're all to survive, not to mention come
to terms with his own feelings...

Chapter 1: The Beginning
"God wants you to live."
As Francis sat beside James's body and closed his eyes, he felt strangely numb. It was the
pure agony of it, so much pain that his mind was dulled to it.
He wanted to say words, a prayer, but the sound that came out of his mouth was not in any
way discernible as human.
It wasn't strong enough to be a scream, nor quiet enough for a whimper.
Francis realised he was gripping James's hand, limp now, lifeless.
He should do something. He was still the Captain, the men needed him, and there was always
something to be done.
But James was dead.
Francis couldn't move. He couldn't breathe.
Some part of him thought, if I just close my eyes and wish it away, it will go away. James
will be alive again, and strong, and insufferable, and Francis would love him for it.
Francis blinked, James's ravaged face slipping out of focus. He was exhausted, and not in the
way of tiredness. It was something that went deeper, down to his bones.
He had to make himself let go of James's hand, before he pressed a kiss to the knuckles,
tasting salt.
He didn't have the capacity to wonder at the gesture now, same as he didn't know why he
leant down and rested his head on James's still chest.
Trying to find a heartbeat, perhaps.
Francis closed his eyes then. Just for a second, he told himself.
"God wants you to live."
James's words seemed to taunt him, for in this moment, he didn't want to live. Not in a world
without James in it.
He thought of James's request then, to give his body to the men.
This would not happen, Francis would make sure of it. James would be honored in death and
no one would get their hands on him or else they would have Francis's murderous wrath to
contend with.

He would guard James for the night, sit vigil at his side.
Perhaps Mr. Bridgens would be back for his medicines, but that was only a far away thought
in Francis's mind.
Francis raised his head from James's chest, smoothing down his clothes with his hands. James
should be afforded all dignity there could be.
Francis looked at the waning light of the latern, and the world began to fade.
He felt a strange pounding inside his ears, as if he was about to faint in reality, but he was so
raw with grief that he welcomed any respite from it in that moment.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After all his years of service, Francis was well acquainted with the feeling of being on a ship
on water. He would know it immediately.
It sometimes felt like he had spent more time icebound, the ship locked into place, or the bow
forced up by the ice.
Still, Francis had never been able to shake the a certain sense of wrongness, of something not
being as it should, when he woke up on a ship in ice.
The ice was another living being, almost. It groaned and screamed and pressed upon the ship,
and if Francis caught himself thinking about it, he saw that he was trapped in a trapped thing.
It had never quite gone away, and when he'd left Terror he remembered thinking that he
would leave her with this feeling, and that that wasn't right.
However, as Francis jerked out of sleep now, he didn't pay attention to what his senses were
telling him, he was too busy with his thoughts, and the fact that James's body was gone.
"James!", he exclaimed, more out of shock than any conscious effort to call to his dead
friend.
He looked around, wildly, but it was nearly dark. The lamp must've gone out.
The next thing Francis realised was that he was lying down, not sitting up any longer. He was
also wearing a nightshirt, and -there he finally saw it- he appeared to be in his berth aboard
Terror.
Francis tumbled out of bed, completely disoriented.
Was this a dream?
The strange thing was, he could remember with complete clarity what had happened before
he had fallen asleep, at the same time there was nothing dreamlike about this where he was
now.

Still, Francis tugged up his nightshirt and pinched himself once in the thigh, hard, expecting
to wake up.
He'd wanted to keep vigil at James's side, and damn it he was going to do it.
When nothing happened, he cursed. Never once did he entertain the notion that James's death
had been the dream, appealing as it was.
No dream could've conjured up that kind of despair, that kind of raw grief together with the
hit on the head that was the real.
Also people might call Francis a pessimist afflicted with melancholy (James had called him
thus...), but even he would've struggled to come up with a scenario where things had gone
wrong that badly as the one he had lived through in the last weeks.
The horror of the Carnivale, followed by the long walk, the creature after them, Hickey's
mutiny...
Francis got up an stumbled out of his berth, waiting to wake up at any moment. The cabin
was empty, light streamed through the windows.
A half drunken glas of whiskey was on the table, as if to taunt him. Francis, however, was too
stunned to pay it much notice.
Because they were moving. The ship was moving. Francis went over to the window to see.
"Jopson!", he called, not lifting his eyes from what he could see.
Francis still expected to wake up when his steward burst through the door.
"Captain?"
"Wh- what time is it?", Francis asked, as opposed to what he really wanted to know, which
was which date do we have.
"Just past second bell on the morning watch, Sir."
Well, that told Francis precisely nothing. He stared at Jopson. Maybe if he did it long enough
he would finally wake up.
"And the day?"
"The 22nd of September."
Poor Jopson probably thought Francis was drunk. Well, Francis might as well go for broke,
then.
"The year?"
Jopson didn't even twitch, though there was a slight eyebrow raise.

"1845."
Francis felt dizzy. This meant they were somewhere in the Barrow straight, heading for King
William Island.
Everything ahead of them. The winters in the ice, Tuunbaq, the long walk... And James. Oh
God, James.
Francis pressed his eyes shut, willing himself to wake up, now. Anything else would've been
cruel in the extreme.
When he opened his eyes, Jopson was still standing there. More importantly, he was still
standing there, in his cabin on Terror, apparently in fucking 1845.
He needed to ask. There was no way around it.
"And Ja- Commander Fitzjames?"
Perhaps Francis should've directed the question more casually, but Francis found that he
wasn't able to.
Now, Jopson did look confused, though he answered readily: "He is on the Erebus with Sir
John."
"Alive?", Francis asked, and his voice almost cracked.
"Alive and well, last time I heard, sir."
Francis let out a breath. This couldn't be. And yet, it was. He turned away from Jopson, trying
to get a handle on the situation. On himself, especially.
Once more, he willed himself to wake up, wake up now, before he never wanted to leave
again. But who was he kidding? He was already yearning for it.
"The men?", Francis asked brokenly. "The ship?"
"All is well, sir. Has something happened?", Jopson inquired cautiously.
Holy Mary.
It wasn't just James, but all the men they had lost, now alive and well again. Presumably. This
was around the time that boy had died...
Francis forced himself to remember. So much had happened since then, even though he made
it a policy to know everyone who served on his ship.
The name eluded him, however. They had conducted and autopsy and found nothing, but
Goodsir had later assumed he had died because of the lead.
The lead in the cans.

Francis ran a shaking hand through his hair. Already things were going wrong, but perhaps"Sir?"
Jopson stopped that blasphemous thought before it could take root. Slowly, Francis turned
around again. Jopson looked worried, now, though he was still professionalism personified.
"It's nothing, Jopson.", Francis said, trying for calm. "Just... a bad dream."
Jopson didn't appear to quite believe him, Francis saw that very well.
"A bad dream about... Commander Fitzjames?"
Francis was only capable of a curt nod. James, pleading for death, was before his eyes again.
His throat under his fingers, as he forced the poison down.
"It's time I get dressed.", Francis said, when once again the memory of the horror failed to
wake him.
Jopson nodded and went to fetch his things.
Francis resisted the urge to call him back and hug him close. Jopson had still been alive,
before he had woken up here, but the number of things they had been through as well as his
grief made him sentimental.
Well, that was one word for it.
~~~~~~~~~~
Francis was shaved and dressed, and the mundaneness of the act helped restore some of his
senses.
It still didn't undo the unease creeping down his spine, nor his memories before he'd woken
up here.
They also didn't go away as he walked through Terror, unable to help touching wooden
planks that were the walls with the tips of his fingers.
He had been alone, when he'd said goodbye to her, the passageways and decks empty, save
for the few they left behind. And the ghosts, he supposed.
Now, however, the ship was positively bustling with the sounds of life.
The first ship's boy he passed, who saluted him as Captain, was Evans. The one who had
gone out on the ice with him and had been taken by Tuunbaq.
Francis prided himself in his self control that his step only stuttered a little. He soon passed
more and more, most of them dead in his memory, some not, and each sighting was ripping
the wound in his heart open anew.

It got so bad that Francis wished himself alone in his cabin again, nursing a drink. Then he
stopped short with the realisation that he could actually do that, in fact, had been doing that
for most of the journey.
But no, he had to be on deck at least once, before he woke up again.
As he stepped up the ladder, Francis heard the familiar laughter of Thomas Blanky.
God, Thomas. Francis almost raced to him, but he was stopped by the sight of the clear sky,
the crisp wind in his face. He looked around, at the usual activity on deck, everything in
order.
He went to the railing, and saw the water, packed with icy shoals, and when he glanced
ahead, he could glimpse Erebus in front of them.
"This dream is starting to piss me off.", Francis muttered, as he had to push away the thought
of James, perhaps being on deck right now, looking to Terror.
But had ever felt a dream this real to him? But it couldn't both be real, what he remembered
and what he was experiencing right now!
Could it?
Well, Francis thought, he would find out soon enough.
He spoke to the nearest midshipman: "Signal Erebus. I request and ice report."
Sir John would probably invite himself and James to dinner over that, as Francis knew that
Sir John had a craving for beef tongue.
Then perhaps, he may be wrong. As soon as he'd spoken the words, Francis kind of hoped he
was.
Never mind seeing Sir John again after their ugly parting and his even uglier death, meeting
James again, alive and well, would sure undo him.
With dismay, Francis realised that his hands were shaking when he pulled out his telescope.
He took a deep breath, then looked at what Erebus was signaling.
"Tell Mr. Diggle that Sir John and Commander Fitzjames will be joining us for dinner
tonight.", Francis said to Jopson, who had also appeared on deck behind him.
And that was that. Francis knew he had been through this exact moment before, though he
couldn't recall everything. The sense of deja vu was overpowering, and he had a vague
feeling of swimming against the current.
He didn't miss Jospon's slight hesitation before he turned away, as if he'd wanted to say
something, but Francis was soon distracted by Thomas Blanky, sliding down the rigging onto
the deck.

Francis stared at him, knowing he was supposed to say something, but he was too overcome.
"I saw that you will have guests tonight.", Thomas said.
Francis nodded and stepped forward, clapping the other on the shoulder.
"It's good to see you, Thomas."
Blanky frowned at him. "We just saw each other before you went to bed. Are you alright?"
"Fine.", Francis replied in a choked voice. "Just fine, I think."
"Francis, you look like you just saw the ghost of my dead grandmother. Will you tell me
what's going on?"
Of course, Thomas was far too observant for his own good.
"Nothing is the matter.", Francis tried to assure him, then had an idea. "I'm just not looking
forward to this dinner, as you can imagine."
"Ah, well, keep to three courses and then you have it over with."
Not with Fitzjames there. Francis thought it, but he couldn't say the words.
He was supposed to complain about James now, he knew, and it might help to get Thomas to
stop looking at him like that. As if he suspected what was going on, which, surely he didn't,
since Francis didn't even know himself.
~~~~~~~~
It was a long time until dinner, and Francis kept himself busy. When his reactions seemed
slow at times, his demeanor pensive, no one remarked on it.
He quickly realised this was probably because the others thought he was drunk.
Francis knew how easy it would be, how infernally easy, to just have a drink right now,
which was another reason he kept milling about the ship, asking everyone for status reports.
Francis knew that this evening the crew would probably wonder why the captain had chosen
to insert himself into every mundane task that needed doing, but that was of little
consequence.
He just knew that if he returned to his cabin, he would be drawn to the full bottle of whiskey
on his shelf, and just maybe convince himself that this didn't matter, since it was all a dream.
But the more time he spent in this strange... reality, the less likely it seemed.
But what did this mean? What about the other things he experienced?
Maybe he was going mad. James's death had finally driven him off the deep end.

But this wasn't what going mad felt like, he was certain. He had spent the last months in a
situation that would bring anyone to the edge of sanity, and at no point had he even conceived
of something like this!
Everything went marginally well, until he ran into Cornelius Hickey caulking a sprung plank
in one of the storage rooms.
The secluded nature of the place was probably the only reason Francis hadn't seen Hickey
before now, but to be fair, his mind was occupied with a lot of things right now, so that he
hadn't thought of the mutinous caulker's mate.
Francis had actually hoped for some quiet time with his ship - away from his cabin though,
for obvious reasons- and he thought no one would be down here.
His eyes first caught the stacks of tinned food to the side of the room and he felt a twinge of
apprehension. Their slow poison.
Francis realised that to this point, he had not tried to actually use his knowledge to change
something. What use would it be to change a dream?
If this was no dream, on the other hand...
He needed to try. The first thing he could do was to issue an order to stay off the tinned food
for now. He would talk to Dr. McDonald first thing, he determined.
"Captain."
It was then that he noticed Hickey, who had stood up and straightened, the brush with tar still
in his hand.
He looked particularly unassuming this morning, though Francis was hard-pressed to know
when he had first begun to think of Hickey as a menacing presence.
Suspicious though he had been, it had been far too late that Francis had realised the true
depths of perfidy in that man. Had the ice brought it out in him? Or had he always been this
way?
"What are you doing here, Mr. Hickey?", Francis asked, only years of command training
keeping his voice steady.
"Repairing a sprung plank, sir.", Hickey replied, and Francis believed to see in his eyes the
question "and what are you doing here?".
Francis wished he would ask, so he could have a reason to punish him for disobedience.
Lock him up, for God's sake, even throw him overboard for all the pain he caused.
It was a treacherous thought, since Francis felt responsible for every single member of his
crew, had wanted to bring them all home, even Mr. Hickey.

But all he could think about when he looked at the man now was Lieutenant Irving, and Mr.
Farr, and the Netsilik family.
It was impossible to escape, even if he told himself that at this point, Hickey hadn't done any
of those things yet.
He hadn't disobeyed, hadn't brought Lady Silence onto the ship, hadn't been flogged, hadn't
started a mutiny, hadn't brutally murdered and maimed two men and been responsible for the
deaths of the Netsilik.
No, he was just another member of the crew, doing his job.
Francis abruptly turned away before he did something he might regret.
"As you were.", he forced out and left the room.
Really, was peace nowhere to be found? Francis sighed and listened to the sounds of the ship,
the groaning wood, the distant voices, the bells...
Peace was all around him, Francis realised. It was his mind which was at war, reeling from
what he remembered.
By the time Sir John and James were due to arrive, Francis felt numb and exhausted from his
own emotional turmoil, as well as the beckoning temptation of the whiskey.
Francis knew that if the symptoms of withdrawal started, he would have the certainty that
James's death and everything else leading up to it had been a dream.
At the same time, Francis was feeling so miserable and strange right now, that he couldn't tell
if those were the beginnings of abstinence.
Francis was waiting on deck, Thomas Blanky beside him, because of the ice report.
Francis had avoided Thomas all day, and now he reaped the consequences.
"Will you just tell me what the hell is going on with you?", Thomas asked.
"I drank too much.", Francis said, because that was the first thing he thought of as an
explanation, as opposed to: I'm pretty certain that this is all a dream, and soon I'm going to
wake to the nightmare of reality, where most of you are dead or dying.
It turned out that that had been the wrong thing to say, because Thomas stared at him like had
grown horns.
"The Francis I know would never have mentioned that. Also, I talked to Jopson. You haven't
drunk a drop all day."
"The Francis you know?", Francis said, raising an eyebrow. "And what the hell are you
doing, talking to Jopson?"

Before Blanky could reply, Sir John climbed over the railing.
Seeing him alive again wasn't exactly a sight for sore eyes, though Francis felt immediately
guilty for thinking that. It was just that at the beginning of everything going wrong lay Sir
John's decisions, and Francis found that he couldn't forgive him for that.
They shook hands, and Sir John smiled. "Francis."
Francis nodded and opened his mouth to reply, but then he heard James's voice carry over the
railing.
"... I do think, that these magnetic readings are curious, and worth investigating, but, if you
don't mind me asking, how are we going to-"
Next thing Francis knew, James was standing before him, alive and well, as Jopson had said.
Everything faded into the background as Francis stared at his second, the healthy glow to his
skin, brown eyes not bloodshot, that cocky, assured smile in place Francis had once detested.
"James.", he whispered, and to his mortification Francis felt tears prick at his eyes.
He reached out and touched James's shoulder, just making sure he was real, and not a
phantom before him.
James turned to him, a puzzled look on his face, but still in a good mood, it seemed.
"Good evening, Captain Crozier.", James said. "Mr. Blanky! What does the ice say?"
Francis's hand slipped off James's shoulder, and he had to ball it into a fist at his side as not to
use it to pull James into a bone crushing hug.
"Well, it seems to be getting thicker farther ahead, sir.", Thomas replied. "Have you brought
Mr. Reid with you? I was hoping to confer with him about that."
"He should be right up.", James said. "Everything alright, Francis?"
Francis jerked. He realised he must be staring at James like the second coming of Christ, but
he couldn't stop.
Christ almighty, Francis thought. How am I going to make it through this evening?
~~~~~~~~~
James Fitzjames was extremely, extremely confused.
Thankfully, that was an emotion he could hide pretty well by now. He was painfully aware of
his lack of Arctic experience next to the rest of command, and he did his damndest not to
make it show.

It was a delicate dance; trying to seem as assured as an Arctic veteran, to seem as if he
belonged here, at the same time opening his ears for anything new he might learn.
Still, in private, James experienced a mixture of cheerful optimism and crushing doubts,
depending on his mood. He never expected anyone to ask how precisely he secured his spot
on this expedition, but deep down he knew it, and that was enough to make him feel
inadequate.
And there was no one who brought out these feelings more than Francis Crozier, Captain of
the HMS Terror, Arctic veteran, and James's personal nemesis.
Well, maybe "nemesis" was the wrong word. James just had the feeling that Francis saw right
through him, all the flimsy pretense and frippery he cloaked his name in, and there was
nothing James could do about it.
He had tried to charm him, at first. But Francis Crozier was the equivalent of a block of
frozen ice with no intention to thaw, when it came politeness and conversation.
James had now convinced himself that Francis was simply a melancholic, who for whatever
reason, didn't really want to be here.
He certainly had no passion for the glory of finding the passage, had advised caution at every
meeting so far, and all in all was a misery to be around.
Yes, James was certain that he had figured out the Captain of the Terror by now, and he knew
they would never be friends.
Which was why it was so confounding that James's confusion this evening was entirely due
to Francis Crozier.
When they had greeted each other on Terror, Francis had looked at James like he had never
seen him before, with mixture of pain and reverence in his expression that James was sure he
had read wrong.
Perhaps Francis was drunk, he thought. Rumor had it that he liked his whiskey, such James
had even heard on Erebus.
But Francis's voice was steady, his movements sure and not at all sluggish. His eyes were
clear.
He talked to Sir John normally enough, and Little and Hodgson, as they appeared. But
whenever he looked at James, something passed his eyes the other couldn't quite decipher.
And he did that a lot. Looking at James, which was unusual in of itself.
James wondered more than once if he had food on his face and spent an inordinate time
dabbing his mouth with his napkin.
After a while, James asked himself why he was so affected by Francis's sudden regard. It
must be some instinct left over from the times he had tried to impress him.

Still, James was his usual boisterous self at dinner, and he even started another rendition of
the siege of Zhenjiang and getting shot, sure that this would turn Francis's mood sour before
long.
It was an odd game of tug that they played with these dinner stories. In the beginning, James
had genuinely wanted to dazzle Francis, make himself liked by him, as he had done with
numerous others.
Once he had realised that Francis refused to be dazzled, James had, in a kind of stubbornness,
continued his stories anyway, watching Francis out of the corner of his eye as he got more
and more annoyed by them.
Often, this annoyance ended with some kind of terse comment on Francis's part, a comment
that never failed to hurt and disappoint James.
And still he always did it again. Sometimes, James didn't understand himself.
This evening, however, the person he decidedly didn't understand was Francis, who seemed
to hang on to his every word, with a downright misty eyed expression on his face.
Was this some cruel game Francis played, seeming enraptured only to denounce him later
with his usual terse comment?
James was so distracted by Francis that he almost lost his sentence more than once, and the
only thing that saved him was his ease with the story he had told many times by now.
When James arrived at the shot - "a single musketball, the size of a cherry" - Francis's eyes
followed his gesture, stopping on the side of his chest where the bullet went in.
James could almost feel the scar itching.
"They got me back to the Cornwallis, where our own Dr. Stanley dug out the bullet...", James
trailed off, trying not to look too obviously at Francis, who seemed to be holding back tears.
Surely not!
James also noticed that he hadn't taken a single sip of his glass of port. What on earth was
going on with that man?
And what did it have to do with James? He had no idea, and he didn't like the thorough
confusion that had gripped him.
"I chatted with Mr. Reid about the ice today.", Sir John said, making James belatedly realise
that he'd paused too long and everyone thought his story was finished.
James felt relieved, for now he was at a leisure to watch Francis without drawing attention to
himself or the other.
However, the next moment, Francis was looking right at him, and James felt his throat dry.

There was so much... affection in that gaze that James felt dizzy with it. Pained affection, yes,
but affection.
Was this a dream? Had he finally gotten through to Francis Crozier of all people?
But how in the world had he done that? James remembered the last time they'd seen each
other, at a similar dinner.
James had been telling his story of the Euphrates expedition, and Francis had never glanced
at him once.
At a pause in the conversation, Francis had interjected: "Wonderful story, James, really, but
Dr. McDonald was just telling us about changes in the crew's diet to prevent scurvy."
This had been uttered with such annoyance and bitter sarcasm ("wonderful story, James...")
that even James couldn't pretend this wasn't a blatant hint to shut up, and do it permanently.
What had changed between then and now?
Francis finally looked away, and asked Sir John a question about the ice.
Right, the ice. A very important subject James ought to pay attention to.
But he couldn't take his eyes off Francis.
Suddenly, there was a commotion and calls for doctor. It seemed that a young midshipman
had started coughing up blood.
Everyone was alarmed, and Dr. McDonald swiftly went to take care of the lad.
They regrouped in Francis's cabin.
James almost waited for Francis to say it was scurvy, to be his usual pessimistic self, but
Francis just stared into the middle distance and was silent.
Sir John cleared his throat. "I don't think it is scurvy.", he said. "None of the three who died at
Beechey showed any signs of it. And if even if it is so, we will be in the Pacific before it has
a chance to don it's undertaker's weepers."
At this, Francis gave a low scoff. Finally, back to normal, James thought.
"You're not confident?", he asked him. "After all that we've achieved? I don't know why.
We've all but found the passage in a year. We're not rowing drekars, after all."
"In this place, technology still bends the knee to luck, James.", Francis said.
There was something about the way he said it. Tired, resigned, deeply sad in a way James
could not comprehend. And he looked at James again with such pain in his eyes that any
smart retort died on his tongue.

At this, Dr. McDonald knocked. He thought it was consumption, and Sir John wanted Dr.
Stanley over on Erebus to examine the boy and take him over with them.
"If you don't mind.", Francis said. "I would like to go over to Erebus as well. I need to have a
talk with Dr. Stanley."
Sir John just nodded, but James didn't hide his surprise. Francis was extremely prickly about
abandoning his own ship, and so far he had rarely come over.
"What precisely about?", James asked. "Are you still worried about scurvy? We just said-"
"A private matter.", Francis interrupted him resolutely, looking at the middle distance again
and making James feel like a horrible person for prying.
Perhaps he wanted to do something about his dependence on drink, James thought. That
should reassure him, since he had already complained to Sir John multiple times about
Francis being a lushington.
Instead, James felt irritated, because he was sure there was something he was missing.
If Francis trusted any physician on board, it would surely be Dr. McDonald, who had served
with him before, and overall had a much nicer... temperament than Dr. Stanley, as even James
had to admit.
There was a sundog in the sky when they got on deck, and Francis stared at it, that strange
expression on his face again.
"Try to shake the brown study.", James told him, doing his best not to let his irritation show.
"All is well."
Francis turned to him. "Yes, James.", he whispered, and James almost blushed and looked
down at what he saw in his gaze. "All is well, you're right."
This had to be a side-effect of the drinking. Good God, how was that man even capable of
command?
James's irritation only grew as they rowed back to Erebus, Francis still and pensive next to
him, but looking at him periodically, as if to make sure he was still there.
Sir John was talking to Mr. Reid, who had conferred with Mr. Blanky, and James realised that
if there was a moment for a half way private conversation, it was now.
"Are you quite alright, Francis?", James asked. "You seemed... a tad distracted tonight, I'll
say."
"There's a lot on my mind, James.", Francis said. "But I am very glad to see you. Very glad
indeed."
James frowned at him. "Are you mocking me?"

Francis looked surprised, shaking his head. "Of course not. Why would I mock you?"
Why did he sound so guileless, as if any of his behavior tonight was normal? James felt
profoundly out of his depth, which didn't help with his annoyance.
"Forgive me for saying so, but it's clear that you do not have the greatest affection for me,
Francis. And it's fine. The feeling is mutual."
That had been the wrong thing to say, and James cursed himself for his honesty. He wasn't
even sure he disliked Francis. Well, he most definitely disliked Francis, but he had to admit
that he spent an inordinate amount of time being upset by him for someone pretending
indifference.
And irked him, how much he wanted to hope, how much he wanted to greedily soak up the
the sudden kind regard in Francis's eyes.
How much it hurt, when Francis recoiled from him at his words.
"Right.", Francis replied, his jaw set. "I forgot."
"Forgot what?"
James knew he was doing the equivalent of poking a hornet's nest with a short stick, but
damn him, he couldn't stop.
To his surprise, Francis barked a laugh. "What an insufferable, annoying, irritating pest you
really were."
"Were? Are you implying that I'm ever not?", James asked, put out that he was even trying to
decipher what the bloody hell Francis was saying now.
"You have no idea.", Francis said, still amused. "No idea..."
As he trailed off, he got that melancholic look again. "James, I need to ask you something."
James sighed. "I'm listening."
He still couldn't contain his astonishment when Francis grabbed his hand. "Have you ever
had a dream, a dream you were so sure was real, about something that happened in the past?
Something you regret?"
This caused James to wonder if this was about Sophia Cracroft. Sir John had told him about
Francis's attachment to his niece, the two failed marriage proposals. Though James had long
since determined he was not the marrying sort, he did have a certain kind of sympathy for
Francis.
Certainly, if he had been in Francis's place, he would've hardly been deemed suitable either,
at least if Sir John had known about the circumstances of his birth James worked so hard to
conceal. Thinking of it now made James apprehensive, because there lay the root for his

misgivings with Francis. The fact that somehow, Francis seemed to know his shameful secret,
and was judging him for it.
"I can't say that I have.", James replied.
"But if you had, would you... try to change it? So it would not happen this way?", Francis
said so urgently that James believed that he owed him some kind of serious attempt at an
answer.
"Well, if it's a dream, you can do whatever you want, can't you?", said James. "If you have
the possibility to turn it from a nightmare into something more pleasant, why not grab it?"
"That's true. But I don't know if I can change it. Though I have to try. By God, I have to try."
James had the inkling that they were not talking about a dream after all.
"Is this about your worries about the expedition again? Good God man, we've all but found
the passage-"
They had arrived at the Erebus, and James immediately knew that something happened by
the shouts on deck. Francis let go of James's hand, James realising belatedly that he had still
been holding on to it.
Something was wrong with the propeller, and they had lost a man, Billy Orrin. As Dr. Stanley
was still examining the sick boy, who had been brought over on a different boat, Francis
joined Sir John and James in the great cabin to hear Lieutenant Gore's report.
It wasn't probably wasn't overly serious, but James would be lying if he weren't feeling a
major dent in his optimism due to all these events, the lost man especially.
He half expected Francis to say "I told you so" or even give him some smug look, but of
course, Francis never rejoiced in the tragedy he prophesied. He didn't seem to react at all,
except by looking deeply sad.
Good Christ, James couldn't stand him in that moment!
He felt immediately bad for thinking this, though.
All in all, Francis had been kind to him this evening, had shown no sour temper and barbed
words. Even when he called James insufferable, there had been definite affection in his tone.
Still, James was sure there was something he was missing when it came to Francis, and he
was going to get to the bottom of this, because he knew he wouldn't be able to leave it alone
anyway.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 2: Francis
"Dr. Stanley has retired to his cabin.", Goodsir told Francis in a hushed tone.
Sickbay was empty save for the sleeping form of David Young on one of the beds.
Francis felt a pang, knowing he wouldn't be able to save him.
So far, he didn't know if he could save anyone, but he had to try. There must be some reason
why he was experiencing this, and Francis thought that perhaps that reason was to help him
stop the disaster from ever happening.
He still had no idea why fate, or God, or some force of the universe had chosen him for this,
as he had already been warning everyone at this time, and no one had listened.
Surely it would've been more wise for Sir John to have such a foresight, or James?
James was exactly the reason Francis had almost given into despair. Of course his altered
state would be dismissed as melancholy, just as his warnings.
If there was only a way, some way to get through to him!
"Shall I fetch him?", Goodsir asked now.
"No need.", Francis said, with a look at Young to make sure he was really sleeping. "It's you I
came to see."
Goodsir blinked in surprise. "Me? What on earth for?"
"I have a theory.", Francis said. "And please, promise me to hear me out till the end. This is
to be treated with the utmost discretion."
Obviously intrigued, Goodsir nodded, then guided him to a chair at the back of the room.
"When he dies, you're going to perform an autopsy on Mr. Young here.", Francis murmured
in a low voice. "To look for signs of scurvy. You're going to find none. None pointing to
consumption, either."
"How do you-"
Francis held up his hand, and Goodsir fell silent. "You're going to have a mystery on your
hands, doctor. People will keep coming to you with strange symptoms, fatigue, irritability,
concentration and memory problems... You're will be confounded by the causes, desperately
trying to search for a solution."
Goodsir looked at him with ever widening eyes, but he didn't have the look of someone
believing to be talking to a crazy person. Yet.

"Well, doctor, I will save you the trouble now.", Francis said. "It's lead poisoning. The lead in
the cans we brought, it's building up inside us, slowly poisoning us. We already need to pick
out bits of lead if we open a can, as you know. If we're to have any hope of surviving, we
can't use the cans anymore."
Goodsir took off his glasses and ran a hand over his face. "I- I don't understand. How do you
know all this, Captain?"
"I just do.", Francis replied, feeling helpless. "The proof is in the cans."
"I suppose there is a certain logic to your words...", Goodsir began. "But pardon me for my
candor, Captain, this is most... unusual."
"You don't have to believe me. Just promise me that you'll investigate it. Please.", Francis
whispered as he tried to inject every bit of authority he had into his pleading.
"If there is even the slightest possibility of what you're saying is true, the whole expedition is
at risk.", Goodsir said quietly.
"Exactly."
"But why... come to me with this? I'm a mere assistant surgeon. Surely Dr. Stanley is more
suitable to-"
"No."
Francis thought of the fire, the screams at Carnivale. He thought of Dr. Stanley going up in
flames before his very eyes.
"I believe I can count on you, Dr. Goodsir.", Francis said gravely. "Your work is meticulous,
and you have an open mind. Please, consider my words. For the sake of the men."
Francis knew he should've perhaps tried something else, but he hadn't had time to think of a
better plan. And perhaps honesty was the best policy in that regard.
"I will.", Goodsir promised him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Even though he could've stayed on Erebus for the night, though not without turning some
poor officer out of his quarters, Francis had himself rowed back to Terror.
It should've felt good to be on his ship again, and there was sense of something righting itself,
but soon that all evaporated in light of the lonely night Francis had ahead of him.
A night with room for all manner of dark and hopeless thoughts...
James had still been with Sir John when Francis had said his goodbyes, and Francis had felt a
rush of his old hatred at James all but sitting at Sir John's feet like a prized lapdog.

He had just wished to touch James one last time, even if it was just a squeeze of the hand.
It confounded Francis, how starved he was for it. James's skin, warm and alive...
As it was, it seemed to be an insurmountable gulf between them, and Francis entirely blamed
Sir John for it.
Why did the bloody man always have to come between him and his-lovers, he'd almost thought.
Francis had narrowly stopped himself from blushing and turned away with one last look at
James, done up in all his finery, sitting at the corner of the room.
Once he was back on Terror, he called for Jopson. Anything to stop himself from being alone,
besides, there was something that needed to be done.
Jopson helped him undress, and Francis had to surpress the sudden urge to ask after his
mother.
He thought of all the weeks Jopson had nursed him through withdrawal, bringing them closer
than Francis had thought possible.
This couldn't have all been for nothing.
"Jopson, I want you to take all the whiskey you can find and hide somewhere where I can't
get to it.", Francis said.
This was the second time this evening that Francis has been met with a surprised stare that
carried more than a suggestion of him acting very strangely indeed.
"Are you sure, sir?", Jopson asked. "If you go off it now..."
"You know very well that I haven't drunk a single drop all day, and still I'm feeling right as
rain."
A slight exaggeration, but it was still true.
"To be honest, I don't quite know how that's possible, sir."
"Trust me, you don't want to know.", Francis said.
He had infinite belief in Jospon's trust and discretion, yet Francis knew he couldn't just tell
him the truth. Even him. Not before Francis himself had figured out what the hell was going
on.
"Was that what you saw Dr. Stanley about then, sir?", Jopson asked tentatively.
Of course! Francis eagerly jumped on the excuse. "Yes, he seems to have an effective cure for
that kind of... malady.", he said.

Jospon's face betrayed nothing. He stood there stoically as Francis gave him all of his drink
reserves.
"Hide also all the whiskey in the spirit room.", he told him. "I don't want temptation to haunt
me every time I go down there."
After Jospon had left, Francis lay on his bunk, not sleepy in the least. That is, he was tired,
but he was also scared of what would happen if he fell asleep.
Would he wake up back with James's body, James dead again, horror reality?
No, Francis had to keep himself awake. After some useless fretting about the tins and
Goodsir, then James's death, Francis decided that he was going to drive himself mad if he
kept thinking about that.
And then, his thoughts, already occupied with James, strayed back to his momentary lapse
when he had compared James to Sophia.
Well, he hadn't so much compared them as the situation with them, he told himself.
Both attached to Sir John, both too good for him- though "good" was perhaps the wrong
word.
And also, he wasn't very well wishing he had a similar attachment to James as the one he'd
had to Sophia!
Yes, his soul had felt split in half at his death, butThey were brothers to each other. That was all. Brothers.
James had said so with tears in his eyes...
Francis groaned and covered his face with his hands. This wasn't helping.
What really would help would be formulating a plan for the command meeting tomorrow,
after they would have found out about the bent propeller...
Francis still remembered it as the moment all of their folly had come to a head, when Sir
John had decided, against all advice, to continue on their course.
Could Francis change his mind this time?
He knew well his original idea, to abandon Erebus and sail around King William Island.
Well, Sir John would never abandon Erebus, that much was clear now.
Could there be an alternative plan?
Francis got up at that to consult his charts and maps. He was itching for a drink to go with it,
but glad that Jopson had stowed away the temptation.

Of course, the best course of action would be to stop this expedition entire and head back
home before they got stuck in the ice, but that was even less likely to be considered over
abandoning Erebus.
If he had to convince Sir John, he needed to get others on his side.
The problem was, the only person in reach right now was Thomas Blanky, and he was on
Francis's side already.
What would really make a difference would be the help of James, Francis realised with a
start.
But James was also beyond his reach. At least for the meeting tomorrow, but later... There
must be some way to get him on his side.
Francis heard James's words in his head, so loud as if they were spoken directly beside him.
"It's all vanity."
God, he couldn't think of James, James as he had been in his last days.
Francis stared at the charts until his eyes watered. If he could do nothing tomorrow, and they
would get stuck in the ice, they needed to walk out as soon as they could, not wait until they
were sick and mad.
Francis looked at the path from where they would be stuck to Fort Resolution, willing the
miles to shrink before his eyes.
It was a few moments later that he realised that he'd dozed off, and jerked awake.
He needed to get dressed again, this wasn't working.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The command meeting was on Erebus again. Francis fidgeted in his dress uniform as he
waited for everyone to trickle in.
James was sitting across from him, sipping his tea and doing a bad job of pretending not to
look at Francis.
Francis wondered what he was thinking. He remembered well James's words during the
meeting, his words about melodrama; though James had apologised for them later, that
wouldn't do them much good now, would it?
Sir John began the meeting, and it played out exactly like Francis remembered, telling them
that Erebus was compromised, that the ice ahead was increasing, but that he wasn't worried
about continuing on their course.
"The situation is more dire than you may understand.", Francis began.

Should he really say the exact same thing again? For all the good it had done?
At least James kept his sly comments to himself for now, just watched him with a frown.
"So what are you suggesting?", Sir John asked after he'd finished. "That we overwinter
here?"
Francis paused for a beat. He looked at James, who stared back in confusion.
"No. The exact shape of King William Land is unknown. As we discovered with Cornwallis
Land, it could very well be King William Island, with a chance to sail around it's Eastern
shore."
"But the east would add miles. We might not be out this year after all.", Sir John said.
Francis tried to phrase his next words carefully. "But only because Erebus is lame... Sir John,
I know what I'm proposing is unconventional, but I think we should abandon Erebus, and
consolidate all our coal on Terror. I truly believe this is our only chance."
"Yes, we should go for broke.", Thomas, blessed Thomas, said next to him.
"If it is a dead end, we can overwinter in complete safety out of the pack, in some sheltered
harbor. We retrace our steps come spring, tired of one another, no doubt, but alive. Please."
Francis knew, knew in his heart that it wouldn't work, but he still tried. He looked at James as
he said it, and James seemed to see something in his gaze, for he frowned and looked down,
his cocky assurance nowhere to be found.
Had he actually reached James?
"That is an interesting speculation.", Sir John said, making Francis realise that perhaps he
should've focused on him, instead. "But of course we will not be abandoning Erebus, nor
Terror, should she suffer some minor misfortune."
Francis balled his hand into a fist under the table, his nails digging into his palm.
"Hear me, please. If the leads close up, it won't matter if we're two hundred or two thousand
miles from safe water. We will be stuck in the ice, and it's already a colder winter than last.
We will have no idea whether thaw will come come spring."
Except that Francis already knew it wouldn't.
"As a trusted friend once put it, this place wants us dead."
James cleared his throat. "Who was this friend? Did he also write melodrama?"
So he was back on track then. Francis could've howled with frustration, but instead he banged
his fist on the table.

"Sir John, myself, Mr. Blanky and Mr. Reid. Only four of us at this table are Arctic veterans.
There be no melodramas here."
Francis was pretty sure he had said the exact same thing the first time around, but this time he
did it with the clearer intention to wound James in his frustration. He now knew how insecure
James was when it came to his rightful place on the expedition.
God, why did he have to be such a thick-headed, stubborn idiot?
"Just live men or dead men.", Francis said, and he almost choked on his own words.
James's death was before his eyes again. "God wants you to live."
James had looked back defiantly, but now his eyes widened. "Francis, are you..."
"It's certainly good to see color in your cheeks again, Francis.", Sir John said. "But we are
two weeks from finding the grail. It is my firm belief that God and winter will find us in safe
waters by the end of the year."
"If you're wrong, we're about to commit an act of hubris, we will not survive.", Francis
replied as he wanted to scream at the man and shake him until he realised the truth.
He should've done it differently, Francis now thought. Suggest something like overwintering
in a safe harbor, like he had toyed with doing.
He dimly heard how Sir John said they would put Terror in the lead position and continue on
their course.
Christ Almighty, how incompetent was Francis that he couldn't prevent this, given a second
chance?
There must be another way, Francis thought. There must be.
~~~~~~~~~~
As soon as the meeting ended, Francis was out the door, heading back to Terror. He needed
to think. More importantly, he couldn't look at James anymore without being driven to
despair.
"Wait, Francis!", James called in the passageway behind him.
Francis pretended he hadn't heard and stalked towards the ladderway. James followed.
"Why don't you stay?", James asked. "They'll bury the boy. Plenty of time for you to...
socialize a bit."
Francis stopped so abruptly that James walked into him from behind.
He backed away as Francis turned around. "Sorry.", James said, a slightly strained smile on
his face.

"Why would I want to socialize with you?", Francis bit out, even as the words hurt him more
than they must James.
"Oh, I don't know. Maybe because you've been staring at me like I've grown barnacles ever
since yesterday.", James said, lowering his voice a bit. "Will you tell me now what the blasted
hell is going on?"
"I don't see why I owe you any kind of explanation.", Francis replied curtly, turning away
from him.
James grabbed his arm. Francis was confounded by his sudden closeness, even as he tried to
get away.
"Have you... some kind of medical problem, perhaps?", James asked in a low voice. "Is that
why you went to see Dr. Stanley?"
Francis avoided James's searching gaze, for he just didn't feel strong enough to bear it.
"We can talk about this in private, if you prefer.", James added, seeming to realise that
anyone could walk up to them and overhear them.
"How about we don't talk about it at all?"
Francis knew if he was alone with James right now he wouldn't be able to keep himself
together. He didn't even want to think what he might do.
Throw himself onto his chest and weep? That was a distinct possibility...
Francis decisively extracted himself from James's grip and began to ascend the ladder, when
suddenly he felt a rushing inside his ears.
It was a little like the vertigo one experienced walking on land after a long time at sea, only
ten times more strong.
"Francis, wait!", James said again behind him, and that was the last thing he heard before a
horrible blackness descended on him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This time, Francis knew he was back in an instant. He didn't know how, but he could feel the
despair clawing at his heart in a way that wasn't just remembrance.
He was back.
He was lying with his head on the able where James's body had lain, and Francis knew that it
could've been no ordinary sleep that stopped him from waking up and seeing James's body
removed.
"Captain!"

It was Mr. Bridgens, who approached him and put his hand on his shoulder.
"You were completely dead to the world, unresponsive. I worried..."
"It's alright, Mr. Bridgens.", Francis said, trying to project an assured air and not the creeping
horror he was really feeling.
He had failed to stop it. He had failed to stop it, and that was why he was back here, he was
sure of it.
And he had failed to save James.
Francis could still feel the touch of his hand on his arm, his words "Francis, wait!", and
indeed in his perception it had only happened seconds ago.
Daylight was shining through the tent, and he saw that he would now have to bury him.
Francis spent the next moments in a haze, thinking desperately of some way, any way to go
back.
There was still time to avert the disaster. Even if the inevitable happened and they got frozen
in the ice, they could walk out a soon as possible, like he'd determined last night.
They would have a real chance of making it, then.
Francis covered his face with his hands. He wanted to scream his desperation to the heavens,
but he knew he needed to keep it together.
When he went out, James's body was covered, being sown in.
Francis stood there, knowing that he should say something, perhaps use this moment of grief
for one of unity, but he couldn't.
He refused to credit this truth, still. Refused to believe that he had really lost all chance to
save him.
"Do you wish to speak, sir?", Lieutenant Little asked him.
"I said a service with him last night, just the two of us.", Francis said, his voice sounding
raspy to his own ears. "Let the others pray over him, if they like."
Francis took a shaking breath. "Hide him in the landscape, Edward. Make him invisible. I
don't want him found... and pawed."
Francis only heard dimly Little's assent. He stood there, over James's body, and tried to pray.
But what he was really doing, he realised, was waiting. Waiting to be sent back.
Yet nothing happened. Everything stayed as it was, and James was still dead.
It was a bright day, and they would probably have to contend with sunburn later.

Francis felt the sun was a cruel star here, distant and cold, and in this state of grief he
would've preferred darkness.
It was Thomas Blanky, who finally drew him out of his reverie. He approached Francis and
put a hand on his back, silent for a moment, no need for words.
"Golding sighted the creature. We ought to hear his report.", Thomas said in an apologetic
tone.
Francis nodded, and followed Thomas doggedly like an errant child.
Then he stopped. "Wait."
Francis, wait...
Thomas turned to him with a frown. "What is it?"
"Something happened, Thomas. Something I can't quite explain..."
He was interrupted by Golding, jogging towards them.
He explained that the creature was tracking them, just as Lieutenant Little caught up with
them.
Francis told him to gather the men before he took care of James's body.
He forced himself to think, as the others turned away, except for Thomas.
"We'll need higher ground. Put all the sick in the middle, and face it down with all the ammo
we've got."
"I got a strategy, Francis.", Thomas said. "You cut inland a bit and I drive it back out onto the
ice."
Francis shook his head, refusing to consider it.
"Not possible."
As the fight unfolded and Thomas showed him his leg, Francis wondered if this was
punishment, meant specifically for him, for not preventing this.
It was an egomaniacal thought, but he couldn't help it.
Not Thomas, as well.
"What do you need?", Francis asked, after he had shouted and raged.
No God listened.
~~~~~~~~~

Before they said goodbye, Francis said to Thomas: "I still need your advice on something."
"Happy to help.", Thomas replied. "Though I can't see what advice could make any of this
easier. From old me, at least."
Francis shook his head. "There might be a way, a way to change it. A way that none of this
ever happens. I don't know how, and if I will be given a second chance, but if I am, I would
like to know what you would do."
As quickly and as reasonably as possible, Francis explained to Thomas what had happened to
him. He figured that at this point, he might as well be thought of as a madman.
Thomas wouldn't hold it against him.
"I tried, I tried to change it.", Francis said desperately. "That horrid command meeting about
the propeller, I tried to convince Sir John of the alternative plan. Anything but his planned
course. But he didn't listen, he didn't-"
For the first time since Francis had started his tale, Thomas said something: "Of course he
bloody well didn't! That's exactly what happened the first time!"
"Well, what in God's name was I supposed to have done?", Francis asked.
"Something different, for starters.", Thomas replied. He hobbled closer to Francis and put a
hand on his arm. "Let me be honest Francis: if it's really true what you're saying, you need to
change it. And you're not going to do it by doing the same thing! You need to get creative to
find a solution. Think outside the box."
"What do you mean?"
Something about Thomas's tone seemed to convey something that was better left unsaid, but
Francis hadn't the equanimity to decipher it.
"Bloody hell, Francis, have you ever thought that as long as Sir John is in command of the
expedition, there will be no saving any of us?"
~~~~~~~~
Francis pulled with the others, further and further. More and more were sick, now, and it was
looking dire.
Well, that was an understatement. It really always seemed to be getting worse from what
Francis thought was the worst point.
Someone shouted "man down!", and they stopped.
Francis turned to see who it was, but suddenly he felt the rushing in his ears again. He walked
a few steps, stumbling in the light of the sun, but his surroundings began to fade away.

"Oh, thank God!", he muttered, as his feet went out from under him and once more blackness
descended.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 3: James
There was really no warning. One moment, Francis was briskly climbing the ladderway to
the hatch, and the next he was falling and James scrambled to catch him.
One of Francis's feet was caught in the stair, and while he fell he twisted around. There was a
cracking sound as the bone broke, just as James caught Francis's head and saved it from
crashing into the wood.
James lost his own footing, and they ended up in a heap at the bottom of the ladderway.
"Francis?", James said urgently.
No answer.
Lieutenants Irving and Hodgson, over from Terror, had caught up with them and rushed to
help.
James propped himself up on an elbow and looked down at Francis, who he expected was out
cold.
Instead, Francis's blue eyes were open, and he stared unseeingly up at him. James shook his
shoulders.
"Francis? Francis, wake up!"
No reaction. James felt unease creeping down his spine, meanwhile people gathered around
them.
"Help me get him away from here.", James said to Hodgson and Little.
When they extracted Francis's leg from its entanglement with the stair, Francis moaned in
pain. James saw his eyelids flutter, and he seemed to be back with them.
"Francis, you took a fall.", James said to him as he heaved him up by the shoulders, Hodgson
and Little to either side of him. "We're carrying you to sickbay."
"James?", Francis whispered.
"Yes, I'm here. You're going to be alright."
"Am I back? Am I really back?"
Back where, James wondered, but Francis sounded so lost that he just agreed in soothing
tones.
Goodsir was in sickbay, sewing up the corpse of David Young.

He immediately helped them get Francis on the free bed and went to examine him.
Francis was conscious, though in a state James could best describe as not quite there. His
voice was weak and brittle, the exact opposite of his assuredness back at the command
meeting.
James felt like as few as possible should see Francis like this, and so he told Little and
Hodgson to leave and fetch Dr. Stanley.
"James?", Francis whispered again, completely ignoring Goodsir, who had begun to ask him
questions about the fall. "James, are you here?"
"I'm here.", James assured him, puzzled though he was, even more so when Francis reached
for him with his hand.
Moments ago, Francis had done anything he could to be rid of James's company, and now...
On instinct, James took Francis's grasping hand. Its grip was strong, not feeble like he
expected. Francis looked at James, and his eyes had that same expression again as when
James had told his story about getting shot yesterday.
James could only stare back, very confused, though for some reason his heart was hammering
in his head.
Goodsir had begun to examine Francis's body, and their eye contact broke when Goodsir
reached the broken leg and Francis scrunched his eyes shut, giving a howl of pain.
"I think it's broken.", James said, rather unnecessarily.
He felt a stab of sympathy for Francis. He had actually broken his leg once, on the Euphrates
expedition, and he didn't like to remember the incident for all the pain it had caused. He had
tried to maintain good cheer, more for himself than the others, but Francis would probably
scoff at the story at how he had arranged his toilette in front of Dr. Helper in order to recieve
visitors.
What happened next was that Francis cursed very colorfully, but he stopped when Dr. Stanley
came into the room, closely followed by Sir John.
"I see you've already started the examination, Mr. Goodsir.", Stanley said archly. "Well, then,
what have we here?"
Francis seemed rather embarrassed by the whole ordeal now, but James was just relieved that
he was apparently his old self again.
Only when Sir John looked at him strangely did James realise that he was still holding
Francis's hand, and he quickly let go.
"I need to get back to my ship.", Francis grumbled, after Dr. Stanley had examined his leg,
determined it was broken, and Goodsir had been, for lack of a better word, hovering over
Francis with a concerned air for quite a while.

"You need to rest.", Sir John said. "You can go back to Terror tomorrow."
"No. I need to-"
"We need to put his leg in a cast.", Stanley said. "And you will need to keep it still, Captain
Crozier."
"You can have my quarters." The words were out of James's mouth before he had time to
consider them.
"I'll sooner drown myself.", Francis groused. "Just put the leg in a cast and get me back to
Terror. That's an order."
Dr. Stanley looked at Sir John.
"By all means Francis, if you mean to make your life harder...", Sir John said. "But I'm
sending James with you."
"The bloody hell why?"
"Yes, exactly, why?", James asked.
"Would you say you can perform your duties as Captain in this state?", Sir John said.
"Of course I can-"
Sir John sighed. "Pardon me. But would it not be easier to have a helping hand around?"
"My Lieutenants can-"
"I'm sending Commander Fitzjames with you, to stay aboard Terror until further notice.
That's final.", Sir John said.
James didn't quite know what was happening, only that he had deeply conflicted emotions
about it.
He followed Sir John out of the room and asked him why he had done what he did.
"You may be the leader of the expedition, but Erebus is also my ship! I can't just abandon
her!"
"James, it is important that you and Francis get along. I see this as the perfect opportunity for
you to get to know each other a little better, weather the trials at hand, and grow closer as a
result.", Sir John said. "As for Erebus, you do trust me with her, don't you?"
"Of course I do, but-"
"I shall miss your presence here, but it is for the greater good. Now go and pack your things."
James felt anger rise in him, anger all too familiar to anyone serving aboard a ship who
wasn't the highest ranking officer aboard.

He wanted to argue, and he did feel wary to leave Erebus. Also, this apparent "perfect
opportunity" was deeply flawed in James's eyes. He was probably the last person Francis
wanted to be around when he was an invalid. Still, James knew an order when he heard one,
and so he held his tongue.
At any rate, Goodsir came out of sickbay and said that Captain Crozier wished to speak to Sir
John, and Sir John went.
James had done what he could to cultivate Sir John as his friend, to charm him into liking
him, but of course he had never forgotten that he was his subordinate.
And indeed, Sir John maintained a kind of professional distance between them nevertheless,
and James was grateful for that.
There were a great many things he'd rather have Sir John not know, and that helped.
Speaking of which, as James packed his belongings, Lieutenant Le Vesconte stepped into the
room and closed the door behind him.
"There's no way you will fit all your stuff on Terror.", he said.
James sighed and surveyed the room. It was true, that for a sailor, James had an inordinate
amount of keepsakes and trinkets, most of which would have to stay here.
"So, you already heard."
"I heard. Captain Crozier will probably sent one of his Lieutenants to stay here, so you can
have his quarters, don't you think?"
"Maybe if he doesn't think of some ploy to be rid of me by tomorrow.", James said. "Have
you come to say farewell?"
Dundy hummed. "By the time we see each other again, we might have found the passage."
"Yes, that would be capital."
James stopped rummaging around the room enough to look at his friend.
"Just don't find some charming young lieutenant to replace me in your affections, James.",
the other said with a smirk.
"Oh, ha ha."
James considered his framed photographs. The one of himself - the portrait taken after the
siege of Zhenjiang- he definitely wouldn't take, lest Francis catch wind of it and think him
even more of a narcissist.
"I mean it.", Le Vesconte continued. "That man Irving, especially, I definitely think he
wouldn't mind a bit of... company of a certain sort."

The one of William, Elizabeth and the children -why the hell not.
"And you think I would just use my time on Terror to... well, I can't in good conscience say
what you mean, but really the mere idea is preposterous."
It was true, that during the long winter at Beechey, James and Le Vesconte had sought each
other's company in ways that were deeply improper. Illegal, even.
Which was why James had put a stop to it soon after it started.
If Sir John caught even the slightest wind of this, they would be finished, James knew very
well. And they were still at the beginning of the expedition. He didn't want to imagine how
he would survive the next months - maybe years, if Francis was right- in Sir John's company
should he have known.
"Well, I suppose it depends if there's another winter in the ice ahead of us.", Dundy said.
"You just said we'll have found the passage soon.", James replied, slightly irritated.
His friend shrugged. "To be honest, I didn't know who to believe in that command meeting.
I'd like to think Sir John is right, everyone probably would, but Captain Crozier has a lot of
experience, as well. He isn't warning us for the fun of it, that's for sure."
James felt a small prick of guilt when he thought about the command meeting, paired with
anger at Francis. He should've just kept his mouth shut, but all that strangeness between him
and Francis had made him desperate to establish some of the old status quo.
There be no melodramas here...
"I just wonder what his problem is.", James said. "He has been this way since the beginningwhy is he even here if he hates every decision we make-"
"He hates every decision Sir John makes, rather."
"Semantics, Dundy."
"A little bird told me that he refers to you as Sir John's rosy-cheeked, lisping pet poodle.", Le
Vesconte said, his smirk deepening.
"He- what?" James felt stung by this, but at the same time he felt the childish urge to laugh to
cover up his hurt.
I don't even lisp, he thought indignantly.
"What little bird, anyway?", James said, rising from his perch on the bed and walking
towards Dundy.
"You must allow me some secrets, James."
"Not if one of these secrets is that you apparently have spies on Terror.", James replied.

He came to a halt directly before the other. Le Vesconte's smile didn't waver.
"Don't be so dramatic. If Crozier's drunk enough, I'm told, he doesn't much care who hears
him."
"Still, tell me who said it to you."
James had gotten comfortable on Erebus, and part of him also didn't want to abandon her
because he didn't want to have to get used to a whole new ship. Yes, he knew the lieutenants
well enough, but it still wasn't the same.
"No.", Dundy said in a low voice.
He was leaning against the door, blocking it, and James couldn't help the minor thrill down
his spine.
It was a shame, a damn shame that they weren't as close as they used to...
"And what if I order you to tell me?", James breathed.
He could see the bob of Le Vesconte's Adam's apple as he swallowed. Suddenly, his hand was
on James's neck, idly stroking.
"Then I'll-"
Just as James leaned in, there was knock on the door. They jumped apart and James cleared
his throat.
"Come in."
It was Bridgens, come to tell him that Crozier was ready to leave.
"I'll be there right away.", James said.
After the door had closed again, James and Le Vesconte looked at each other.
"None of that.", James said sternly. "It's too dangerous so near Sir John."
Dundy gave an exasperated sigh. "And you really want to convince me that you aren't Sir
John's rosy-cheeked, lisping-"
James hit him in the shoulder and Le Vesconte laughed.
~~~~~~~~~
Francis at first absolutely refused to be lowered into the boat like David Young had been,
protesting that he knew how to climb down a railing, thank you very much.
"Well, you may know it, but you can't very well do it right now, can you?", James said,
gesturing to his lower leg, which had been but in a wooden brace to keep it still.

Francis had been carried on deck sitting on a chair at his own insistence. It looked completely
ridiculous, but Francis didn't want to lie down as if he were ill.
"It's not necessary.", Francis said. "I can get down to the boat on my own."
"How?"
Francis just maintained his mulishly stubborn look and said nothing.
James could already see the coming weeks, and it wasn't a pretty picture. He pitied Francis's
steward, poor sod.
Goodsir was also on deck, sent there by Dr. Stanley to see them on their way.
"Perhaps we could rig something together with the ropes- I'm sorry, lines...", Goodsir
suggested.
"Aye, we could make a sling for him to sit on and lower him down that way.", Thomas
Blanky said.
Goodsir nodded. "We just have to be careful that the leg is secure."
They set to work, while James stood next Francis, unsure of what to say. Francis looked up at
him, faintly amused now.
"And, what did Sir John say when you begged him to go back on his decision?", he asked.
James knew he should protest at this, but Francis didn't seem greatly offended. "I wouldn't
say I begged him, exactly.", was what he settled on.
"Oh, really?"
James looked from Francis to the clear horizon, thinking of his warnings of a cold winter
ahead.
"It's nothing against you, Francis, I hope you know that. I just don't want to abandon Erebus."
"Yes, you made that abundantly clear.", Francis said bitterly.
How that man's mood kept changing was beginning to upset James, and he was reminded of
his goal to find out what was going on with Francis.
At least he would have ample time for that, now.
"Again, it's nothing against you.", James said, even as he realised he was lying.
Weren't it his own negative opinions of Francis that kept him from even considering his
position?
"I just don't see how such drastic measures are called for, when all has been going so well...
And Sir John says-"

James stopped, thinking about the "rosy-cheeked pet poodle" comment, and that
unfortunately made him flush with embarrassment.
"Sir John says that we will continue on our course no matter what.", Francis said. "I tried to
talk to him again... But it was to no avail."
Francis sounded frustrated and desperate, and James didn't have the heart to dismiss him.
Again.
"You really believe that we're courting disaster?"
Francis's answer was stopped by the men being ready to lower him down, and the next half
hour was dedicated to getting Francis on the boat.
James could tell that the whole ordeal was greatly humiliating for him, even if he wasn't lying
down, and that Goodsir's encouraging comments like "marvelous work, everyone!" and
"you're doing great, Captain!" made everything worse, so he didn't join in.
"It's a pity we won't be able to hear Sir John's service.", Lieutenant Irving said mournfully
when they were all in the boat. "I suppose it couldn't be helped."
Francis grumbled something that one with a charitable eye could maybe pretend was assent,
but James wasn't feeling very charitable.
(Though, there was a tiny part of him that always had to surpress the urge to fall asleep when
Sir John pontificated, especially when it all happened to be about divine punishment and
God's just wrath and the like. James couldn't help thinking what if Sir John knew, knew
everything about him -the shameful circumstances of his birth as well as the predilection of
his own sex- that he would turn these words against him. It was much better to not listen to
any of it, therefore.)
"I heard Sunday service on Terror is somewhat... different than on Erebus.", James said.
Sir John had complained to him multiple times that Francis was lazy in that regard and
sometimes the Sunday service just consisted of a reading of the Ship's Articles, often done by
Lieutenant Irving.
Speaking of, Irving next to him was practically vibrating with barely concealed disapproval,
while the others just looked anywhere but Francis.
Thomas Blanky grinned and puffed on his pipe.
James made a mental note to recommend to Francis later that he sent Irving over to Erebus,
since the man would clearly be happy to be.
However, there was the sudden image of Irving taking his place, being Sir John's companion,
better in every way -Irving wasn't baseborn, and despite Le Vesconte's words hadn't
committed any sodomy James was aware of.

"Do you have a problem with how I conduct business on my ship, Commander Fitzjames?",
Francis asked.
He was sitting across from him, his leg propped up on the next plank.
James's eyes snapped to his, trying to read Francis's gaze. He expected Francis to be grouchy
by now - he had gone long without a drink, after all.
Instead, Francis did seem troubled, but in a different way. James couldn't describe it, just like
he couldn't describe the way Francis looked at him.
The supposedly harsh words were almost spoken like casual banter, making James wonder
once again what he had possibly missed between them.
"Not at all.", James hurried to assure him. "Everything tells me that your marriage to Terror is
a stable one. You've captained her before, after all."
He didn't add that he actually preferred Francis's way of handling Sunday service very much
to Sir John's, but for some blasted reason he had the impression that Francis already knew
that.
~~~~~~~~~~~
Once Francis was heaved aboard Terror, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. The crew greeted
him, and Francis spoke a few words about David Young, brief but poignant.
James and Jopson held him upright to either side, and James felt strange at having Francis so
close. This was mostly because Francis seemed to have some kind of issue with James's
proximity, twitching under him and throwing anxious glances at him every so often.
Things such as these made James uncertain whether he was witnessing Francis's sudden
affection or continuing disgust at him.
After Francis was done and everyone had donned their caps again, James and Jopson helped
Francis below decks.
"Where is Mr. Hickey?", Francis asked.
"He is with the party burying David Young.", Jopson said.
"Send him to my cabin once he's back."
"Yes, sir."
Once they'd made it to the great cabin and settled Francis on his seat of ease, James turned to
go.
"Stay a while, James.", Francis said. "Unless, of course, you'd rather retire."
"Not at all. I just thought you wanted a bit of rest, perhaps."

"It's not time for bed yet, and...", Francis began. "I find myself wary of being alone, these
days."
James frowned in confusion. He thought of Francis and his lonely brooding phases he had
been told about. He would've thought Francis would've wanted to be alone with a drink as
soon as possible. Unless...
"Are you trying to stop drinking?", James asked.
"In a manner of speaking.", Francis replied, his tone pensive. "Why don't you sit down?
You're already too bloody tall."
For some reason, James had to smile, as he did as he was bidden. He wanted to ask how it
was possible for Francis to just stop drinking without any side-effects, but something made
him stop.
He didn't want to pry, in fact, he hadn't earned the right to.
"So, why do you want to see this Mr. Hickey?", he asked instead.
Francis considered. "I need to watch him. There are... certain rumors about him."
"What kind of rumors?"
"Nothing too alarming, though I thought I'd speak to him about it."
Francis obviously didn't want to elaborate, and so James just nodded.
A sort of awkward silence stretched between them, as Francis seemed to be on the verge of
saying something but stopped himself every time.
James meanwhile thought this was a golden opportunity to get to the bottom of what was
going on with Francis, but he suddenly realised that he had no idea how to actually go about
it.
His usual charm didn't work on Francis, after all.
"I'm sorry if I made you miss Sir John's sermon.", Francis finally said, which had obviously
not been what he really wanted to say.
"If you apologise to anyone, it should be Lieutenant Irving.", James replied lightly. "He
seemed to be positively foaming at the mouth at the opportunity to hear Sir John speak."
Francis barked a laugh. "True."
James decided to try with one of his questions. "Why are you here, Francis?", he asked. "Tell
me, truly."
Francis looked at him, and again there was a deep sadness in his gaze. "To be honest, James, I
don't quite know myself. I only know that we will not make the same mistakes twice over..."

"What mistakes?"
Francis didn't hear him. "I've tried it, with Sir John. I've tried to change his mind. But
Thomas is right..." He trailed off, gazed into the distance.
James tentatively put a hand on Francis's arm, which caused him to jerk out of his reverie.
"You're not speaking sense, I'm afraid.", James said gently.
Francis nodded. "Right. Well, I'm here because I made a promise. To bring him safely back.
That's what she told me, nay, ordered me. Bring him back."
"Lady Jane?", James asked.
"No. I owe nothing to that woman."
James waited patiently, already suspecting the truth.
There was a knock on the door. Jopson came in and said that Lieutenant Hodgson had cleared
out his bunk for James.
Next, a happy Neptune zapped past Jopson's legs to greet James.
James eagerly petted him, as he had a fondness for the ship's dog.
"Why don't you settle in, James?", Francis said. "We can take dinner together later."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 4: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Francis had barely time to think after James left, before Mr. Hickey came in. Perhaps it was
good this way, he was at least glad that they didn't arrive at the subject matter of Sophia.
Francis didn't want to think about her right now on top of everything else.
Of course, his thoughts, rebellious as ever, didn't obey his own orders. He had promised her
that he would bring Sir John safely back.
Back then, it seemed obvious that Sir John's safety and the safety of the crew were one and
the same thing, and so Francis hadn't put much thought into the wording of the promise.
Now, however, Francis saw the sinister perfidy of it, precisely because it wasn't one and the
same thing.
And if he couldn't find another way, he may have to break his promise in the most terrible of
ways.
But first, he had to deal with Mr. Hickey. Hickey had been at the back of his mind the entire
time since he'd been back, even with everything else going on.
Francis knew it wasn't just to condemn a man for crimes he had not yet committed, but that
didn't mean he couldn't keep an eye on Hickey.
The caulker's mate arrived in his cabin with a slightly puzzled air, but if he was nervous he
didn't show it. His eyes fell on Francis's propped up leg, and Francis immediately hated this
sign of weakness, though he projected every bit of authority he had at the other.
One would see how much good it would do him this time around.
"You wanted to see me, Captain?"
Francis nodded. "How did the burial go?"
"Well, we buried him.", Hickey said.
Francis nodded again. "And how is the mood among the crew?"
"Well for the most part. We grieve for Young, of course, but rumor has it that we will have
found the passage soon."
You have no idea, Francis thought. "I see that trust in Sir John is absolute."
"And trust in you, sir.", Hickey said. "You've been to the Arctic before, after all."

"So was Sir John. But I'm glad to hear it."
Francis looked at Hickey for a moment, hoping he would squirm under his gaze. It would be
easier if Hickey was intimidated by him, but Francis suspected he never had been.
There was something world-wise about Hickey, some sort of understanding of life that
caused him to have no respect for his superiors.
Francis had the vague feeling that if he wanted Hickey's trust, he needed to earn it; it wasn't
already given because of his position.
"What if I were to tell you that the rumors were wrong, Mr. Hickey?", Francis said. "That we
will have to spend another winter in the ice?"
Hickey frowned. "Then I suppose we'll have to keep warm and trust that the ice will thaw
come summer."
"And if it doesn't thaw?"
Hickey gave a little laugh. "Captain, do you know something that we don't?"
"I'm merely speculating, Mr. Hickey."
They were both silent a moment. Francis could see the cogs turning in Hickey's head, trying
to figure out what he was after.
"We trust you to get us out of the ice, sir.", Hickey said.
"Do you really?"
Hickey smiled again and fidgeted a little, but it wasn't an expression of shyness. "Why
wouldn't we?"
The question hung between them. Why indeed, Francis thought. If only he could know the
reason Hickey had turned against him. Well, perhaps it could still be ferreted out of him.
Francis leaned back on his seat. He once more regretted that he couldn't stand up. That
blasted leg. He supposed it could've been worse; Private Heather's unresponsive face came to
mind, but still. Francis barely remembered breaking it, just falling, falling, and finally James's
face before his.
Francis had been taken by the urge to pull him close and never let go more than once this
evening.
Who knew when he would be back... in the other time.
"Mr. Hickey,", Francis began. "As you can see, I've suffered an accident while over on
Erebus."
Hickey nodded.

"Because of this, I won't be able to interact with the crew the way a Captain should, at least in
the next few weeks. So I wanted to ask you if you'd be willing to observe the men's mood,
and report it back to me, as I can no longer gauge it myself."
"You mean, spy for you, sir?", Hickey asked, obviously surprised.
"Nothing so nefarious. I just wish to know what is going on, in every sense of the word. And
I think you are the right man to tell me. You get along well with everyone, wouldn't you
say?"
"Reasonably so, yes."
Francis forced a smile. "Good. Feel free to tell me if there's anything troubling you."
"I will, sir.", Hickey said.
He wore an expression of confusion that reminded Francis of James in the last days, or
Goodsir when he told him about the cans.
Really, I need to be careful., Francis thought. A rumor that the Captain of the Terror is a
madman would be worse than him being just a drunkard.
Francis reached out his hand. "Shall we shake on it, Mr. Hickey?"
For a moment, Hickey looked at Francis as if he was some kind of witch, forcing an innocent
virgin to join her coven. Francis bit back a laugh.
Then, Hickey approached and took Francis's hand, giving it a firm shake.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
James appeared for dinner on time, in his dress uniform, which confounded Francis for two
reasons: Firstly, he hadn't donned his, thinking he and James were past all formalities
anyway; but there he had mixed up the two timelines again, hadn't he?
Secondly, his first thought when James had ducked through the door had been: 'Good Lord,
he's beautiful!'
Francis had thought so from the moment he met James, and in the beginning that had only
fueled his resentment.
As he had gotten to know James in their shared trials, the bitterness of the thought had
disappeared, but never the thought itself.
Even when James had been wasting away, his beauty was never quite taken from him.
Still, when Francis compared him now to how he had been then, near death, James was
positively radiant. His hair, that damned hair, luscious and thick, his eyes glowing, his skin
without blemish.

It hurt to look at him, really, though not because of any resentment. Francis could see James
dying before his eyes again, his ability to recall sharp and cruel and clear, and it only got
worse when there was James, alive and well before him.
"Do I have something on my face?", James asked.
"Not at all. You just look..." -Francis realised the implications of calling James beautiful just
in time- "... as you always look."
Jopson had helped Francis to the table, while Mr. Honey was still fashioning him a walking
stick that would make things at least a little easier.
Francis tried to stop looking at James too much, as he didn't want to make him
uncomfortable, but he was reminded again of the imminent disaster he needed to stop, and
had failed to stop thus far.
How long until they would be stuck in the ice? Five, six days?
Francis had the wild thought of just ordering Terror to turn around and making a run for it,
but that wasn't an option, of course.
And then there was what Thomas had told him. The conversation haunted him nearly every
waking minute.
"Is there something remarkable about that?", James asked, yanking Francis out of his
thoughts.
When Francis just looked at him in confusion, James added: "About how I always look?"
Francis decided to lighten the mood. "Why, are you fishing for a compliment? A compliment
from me, at that?"
James sat down as Jopson brought the plates in.
"And what if I am?"
He seemed to be in good spirits, so much lighter than anything he had projected ever since
the Carnivale. Francis found that he enjoyed this version of James, and couldn't believe he
had ever found him detestable that way.
"Then I would tell you that I won't add anything to your already inflated sense of selfworth.", Francis said, his tone teasing.
James made a theatrical gesture of throwing his hair back. "So there would be something to
add, would there?"
"You have all the vibrance and vivaciousness of a noble duchess, Fitzjames."
James actually flushed. Francis realised he was engaging in witty repartee with James
Fitzjames, may God help him.

"My, my. That is quite the compliment, Captain Crozier.", James replied.
Francis was feeling slightly reckless, seeing James's blushing happiness, but at the same time
he didn't have to courage to continue this line of conversation. He took a decisive bite of his
food.
This didn't come from the cans, but was seal meat they had caught after their winter at
Beechey.
Dr. McDonald had been completely in agreement with avoiding the tins for now when
Francis had suggested the measure as a "dietary experiment to prevent scurvy", something
McDonald was greatly interested in.
Francis send up a silent prayer for Goodsir to act fast in finding out the truth. Perhaps Sir
John could be persuaded to stop the expedition on the grounds of the lead.
He tried to eat without the growing sense of dread of what they would do when they would
have no choice but to eat what was in the cans.
"Are you no longer cross with Sir John for sending you here, then?", Francis said to James.
James started to reply, then paused when Jopson approached with wine for his glass. After he
had filled it, he left with the bottle, never giving any to Francis. It was this that seemed to
draw James's attention.
As the steward left, Francis thought there must be some way to thank Jopson for his loyal
services in this time as well.
It was only thanks to him that Francis could at all function without drink now, even if he
didn't know it.
"I'm not cross with Sir John.", James said. "He only wants what's best for all of us."
"Is that how you see him? A benevolent father?", Francis asked.
As much as it galled him, he had to find out more about James's relationship with Sir John, if
he was to have any hope of swaying him.
"That's how he himself wishes to be seen, no doubt.", James said. "A graceful guardian,
leading us towards the passage."
Francis strained his ears for any dissatisfaction, any hint of irony in James's tone, though he
only sounded thoughtful.
"And that's how you see him?"
"I suppose.", James said.
He shot Francis a look, one Francis had no idea how to interpret.

"I don't understand you, Francis.", James said. "I don't think I ever did. But especially not
now."
Something about the words cut Francis, and he wondered when he had started to give a damn
about James's opinion of him.
When he had become so focused on him, that strange desire to make him happy. Was it just
because he had witnessed his death? But surely, he must have needed to care before then for
James's death to matter the way it did, to tear him apart so intimately...
"I'm only trying to save us.", Francis said. "Don't you understand, survival is everything in
this part of the world. You may laugh, but this place really wants us dead."
James nodded. He didn't seem in the mood to make a joke now, rather he observed Francis
with a keen gaze.
"When was the last time you slept?", he asked.
Francis opened his mouth to protest this insinuation that he was only acting this way because
he was sleep-deprived. On the other hand, he hadn't slept a wink last night, and also not the
entire time he'd been back in the other time.
He was absolutely exhausted, he realised.
"I'm perfectly fine.", Francis still said.
James raised an eyebrow at him.
"Except for my blasted leg, of course."
And the fact that I want to weep every time I look at you.
"When we're done eating, you're going to turn in.", James said, as if he'd heard the thought.
"This is exactly why Sir John sent me here."
"So you can play nursemaid to me? You know, someone else might take that as an insult."
"I don't think it was meant as one.", James said.
Francis could well understand Sir John's reason for sending James over to Terror. He wanted
them to get along, it was a simple as that. And Francis should've been overjoyed with the fact
that he had James so close now, and a part of him was.
Another part of him was hurt, though. It was almost as if James's presence was taunting him
in way, knowing what would become of James.
It was true, Francis regretted not having made friends with James sooner. All that time they'd
wasted despising each other seemed childish and idiotic in retrospect.

However, Francis didn't know if he could stand getting close to James now, only for him to
be taken again.
When they were done eating, and James wished him goodnight, Jospon helped Francis to bed
with impeccable professionalism.
They worked around the leg as best they could, though Francis opted to leave his trousers on
for now. Dr. Stanley had cut part of it open to get at the leg, so they would be useless anyway.
"Is everything alright, sir?", Jopson asked.
Of course, he had picked up on Francis's reluctance to be alone. Francis had the sudden desire
to tell his steward everything, to unburden himself. But that wouldn't have been fair to
Jopson.
"I find that the desire for a drink rises the later it gets.", Francis said, which was also the
truth.
Jopson nodded in understanding. "Remember all you would be giving up if you give in to
drink again. You are a better man without it."
"I know. And still, I feel..."
So alone, Francis thought. So very, very alone.
"If you ever think it becomes unbearable, you call me, sir.", Jopson said earnestly. "Day and
night. I am here."
"Thank you, Jopson."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Bloody hell, Francis, have you ever thought that as long as Sir John is in command of the
expedition, there will be no saving any of us?"
Francis could hear Thomas's words as clearly as if he'd just spoken them.
"You think I can't make him see reason?", he had replied.
"I think that you've been trying to make him see reason for a whole damn year, and nothing
came of it.", Thomas said.
"So what are you suggesting?", Francis asked desperately. "I can't very well kill him."
Thomas just looked at him, indicating that that was exactly what he was suggesting.
"No. I can't.", Francis said. "I can't-"
Thomas put his other hand Francis's shoulder. The other was already resting on his arm. "I'm
not saying you have to, necessarily. You just need to make sure that you're in command

before everything is lost this time, and you're not going to manage it by making the same
mistakes."
Francis looked at Thomas, another friend he was about to lose, because of Sir John's folly. He
thought of James, cold and dead, and all the other men.
Would he be willing to pay for their lives with Sir John's?
"Francis, we're at a point where extreme measures have to be considered. If there is truly a
chance to do it again, it has to happen differently."
"I agree.", Francis said in choked voice. "By God, I agree."
"I can't believe I'm saying this. I was sceptical when you wanted to abandon the ships with
the rescue party. But now.. you have to abandon the ships as soon as possible, if you get stuck
in the ice. And there is no way in hell that Sir John is going to sanction that."
"You'd have me organise a mutiny?", Francis asked.
"If that's what it takes."
Francis knew that Thomas was right. When it came to one life, measured up against all the
others, there was no question.
"Thomas, I wish you would stay. In case I'm back there again, and here, I would take your
advice.", Francis said, unable to say that the parting would hurt more than he could bear.
Thomas smiled. "What for, hm? You already have old me in the other time, that ought to be
enough. Besides, somebody needs to save you from Tuunbaq."
"Perhaps there is a way to stop that from happening, too."
"I know you'll think of something.", Thomas said.
Francis was exhausted, but he couldn't sleep. The conversation with Thomas kept playing
before his inner eye.
Francis had made another attempt to talk to Sir John, right after his leg had been broken, but
to no avail.
Sir John had dismissed all his worries, and tried to soothe him with the coming glory of
finding the passage, and when that didn't work, he said that Francis needed to focus on
resting on account of his leg.
Francis had never felt so desperate. "Don't you see?! We're all going to die, all of us, if you
don't-"
Sir John blinked at him in surprise. "If I don't what? Take your advice? Is there anything that
you know about the Arctic that I don't?"

He still sounded calm, but Francis saw that all this was going to lead to was the dressing
down Sir John had given him when he'd suggested sending out the rescue party.
In fact, Sir John was already beginning to act annoyed at his input, and Francis could see that
further speaking up was beginning to hurt his case more than he could help it.
Thomas was right, he needed to try other ways of changing everything.
Perhaps Francis shouldn't even contemplate the uglier possibilities open to him. Murder,
mutiny and the like. He was sure there were others who would say that such disobedience
was worse than death, that it was adhering to the rules of conduct that separated good
Englishmen from lawless savages.
Francis, however, knew he was not above such actions in these circumstances. He'd rather
never have found out about that, but it was what it was.
If it meant bringing the men home, saving James's life, Francis would do anything. No price
was too high, no blemish on his own soul too much.
Though he still held on to the hope that it wouldn't have to come to that.
There might still be a way to change Sir John's mind, even if he didn't listen to Francis
himself.
There would be an entire winter's time to try other things, if they proceeded on this course.
Still, Francis may couldn't change the course, but he could change the speed at which they
met their doom. For the reasons of conserving coal, and for Erebus to keep up, he'd greatly
reduced Terror's speed.
His hope was that he might talk to James and convince him before they were stuck in the ice.
Francis tried to relax and sleep, if only for his own sanity, even if there was still the fear that
he would wake up in the other time.
Along with his thoughts, the fact that with his leg he couldn't toss and turn greatly bothered
him, and soon he was itching to move.
Francis gave a great sigh. Even the movement of the ship failed to soothe him, knowing it
was on the course to its own doom.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Somehow, Francis must've fallen asleep, because he woke late the next morning. Still on the
ship, James still alive.
And his damned leg - still broken, as he noticed when he fell out of his bunk turning over.
One of the wooden staves broke, and Francis instinctually jerked his leg, which caused the
world to white out in pain for a moment.

The crash alerted Jopson, who immediately called Dr. McDonald, and together they got
Francis into a sitting position.
Consequently, Francis wasn't even dressed and already in a bad mood, and James coming in
positively chipper did nothing to lift it -except for the brief shock of seeing him alive and
well, that is.
"You know, I almost broke my leg once.", James began.
"That must've been horrible for you.", Francis said sarcastically.
"It was.", James replied completely seriously. "My legs were all I had at that time. I was
walking through the Mediterranean to deliver the India Office mails the Euphrates was
carrying-"
"As riveting as this story sounds, could you perhaps wait with its delivery until I'm at least
not sitting before you in my bloody nightshirt-"
"I just came to lend a helping hand!", James said.
"Not needed!", Francis bellowed, vaguely alarmed.
The thought of James's hands on him was disquieting, if only for the reason that Francis
found himself yearning for his touch. He didn't want to get misty-eyed again - he didn't know
precisely how to win James over to his side yet, but he was sure it wouldn't help if Francis
were to cry in his arms.
"Are you sure? Charlewood twisted his ankle once when we were on the Excellent and I
helped him with everything-"
"James, I thank you for the offer, but I-"
"Perhaps I can distract you from the pain, then.", James said. "I could tell you a story while
you are dressed."
"Don't you have something better to do?", Francis asked desperately.
He was aware of how their positions had been reversed in the other time, how he had seen
James in the indignity of illness. Perhaps it was only just that James take care of him for a
change. The only difference was that Francis felt completely healthy, and part of him refused
to accept that he needed any help at all.
"Where is it best to lift you, Captain?", Dr. McDonald asked before James could answer. "On
your bed or the chair at your table?"
"I'm certainly not going to spend the day lounging in bed like some sort of-"
"The chair it is, then.", McDonald said.

As Jopson and McDonald heaved him onto the chair, Francis did his best to ignore James,
who very much wasn't going away.
He was of course impeccably dressed, his damned hair brushed, and looked a vision, which
Francis tried not to notice.
Thankfully, there was knock on the door and Thomas Blanky strode in, demanding to know
what everyone was doing here this "fine morning".
Francis looked at his friend, trying to communicate with his gaze that he wanted everyone out
while he was dressed, especially James.
He could've just ordered such, but he didn't want to hurt James's feelings, damn it all.
"Commander, would you come on deck? I need your opinion on the ice ahead.", Thomas
said.
James frowned. Of course, Thomas Blanky didn't need anyone's opinion on the matter of ice,
least of all James's, who probably knew as much about ice as he did about broken legs, which
was to say, not much.
Still, James went after Thomas out of the cabin, and Dr. McDonald followed after Francis's
leg was secure.
Francis breathed a sigh of relief once he was alone with Jopson.
"I hope you're not put out that you didn't get to hear Fitzjames's story.", Francis told his
stewart.
"It seems to me that you are the one who'd rather have heard it, sir.", Jopson said as Francis
got his waistcoat on.
Francis scoffed. "What makes you say that?"
"It's just, well, whenever Commander Fitzjames is in the room, you look at him as if you'd
want him to stay forever, as opposed to only a few days ago, when you seemingly couldn't
wait to be rid of him."
Francis wondered once more if he should tell Jopson the truth, for all he seemed to have
almost pieced it together himself.
But no, the sheer absurdity of what was going on stayed him, as well as the responsibility that
came with knowing. The responsibility to stop it.
He'd really already laid enough at Jopson's door, it wouldn't do to add more.
Dressed, he took tea, had a smoke, just as Thomas Blanky came back in, wrapped in his
various layers.

"It's getting colder, too. I don't think we'll make it to King William Land, to be honest.", the
icemaster proclaimed.
"I know we won't make it.", Francis muttered.
"Well, we have provisions for another winter, if the ice doesn't crush us."
Francis nodded.
"What's going on between you and Fitzjames, then?", Thomas asked.
"I wish I knew.", Francis said truthfully.
Thomas pulled his pipe out and began to stuff it. "You know what I've been wondering? How
a man who was a sailor since he was thirteen can break his leg on a bloody ladderway."
"Isn't a friend supposed to make me forget that humiliation rather than dwell on it?"
"I will once I understand what is happening to you."
Francis sighed. "Nothing is happening to me, Thomas. I'm perfectly fine. Disregarding the
leg."
"How did you break it, then?"
Francis decided to be as honest as possible. "It was just after the meeting. I was arguing with
Fitzjames-"
"About what?"
"What does it matter? Anyway, I was climbing the ladderway, when everything went dark
before my eyes. I don't know why, it just happened... And the next thing I knew, I was being
carried, Fitzjames looking down on me..."
Francis reasoned that this was almost the truth, exempting his stay in the other timeline.
Where he had said goodbye to Thomas for the last time...
Francis looked at his friend, and was once more overcome with the urge to pull him close,
vowing internally that he would make it right.
Even if it meant...
"So you're telling me that James Fitzjames, who you can't stand, made you swoon like a lady
seeing the man of her dreams?", Thomas yanked Francis back to the present.
"Of course not!", Francis said indignantly, finding with dismay that he was blushing. "How
can you even suggest-"
Thomas just looked at him, eyes gleaming with merriment, and Francis stopped his bashful
stuttering to hit him in the arm.

Thomas laughed, and suddenly Francis had to laugh too, feeling something light in his chest,
until he remembered laughing with Thomas thus when he'd made his absurd request of forks
and a rope.
Francis stopped to wipe the tears from his eyes. "I'm glad you're here, Thomas."
"Where else would I be?", Thomas asked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Thanks for reading, I hope you liked it <3

Chapter 5: James
James's first days on Terror went by without incident, and he didn't even have much time to
stare longingly back at Erebus very often.
He also slowly began to realise that while he missed what he'd come to think of as his ship,
he didn't miss Sir John's company, which made him feel slightly guilty.
It wasn't that Sir John was in any way disagreeable in nature -he certainly was more so than
Francis, even the new Francis who was acting strangely at times- or that he didn't have any
regard for James, rather the opposite.
However, James realised that it was he himself who had always put a lot of effort in his
interactions with Sir John -more so than the usual effort of being a polite, decent human
being. He had played his role of being unassuming and worthy of his position, polished to
perfection and it had been exhausting.
Here on the other hand, James didn't have to bother, except for the normal amount of
pretense- and even that faded in the company of Francis.
James still had the feeling that Francis new the game he played, saw through him in a way so
few people had. In the beginning, this had terrified him, but now he was less alarmed.
It was the affection with which Francis treated him, grudging and sometimes clumsy, but
definitely there.
James was still confounded as to why Francis suddenly liked him now, and he wanted to get
at the truth, but at the same time he wasn't going to complain about it.
Francis could still be as acerbic as ever, but his barbs were less cruel and more good-natured
teasing, now.
James found himself responding to it quite naturally, and he quite liked their back and forth.
James caught himself beginning to look forward to his conferences with Francis, even though
he was in terrible mood during most of them.
Sitting still didn't suit Francis, and he was also dreadfully melancholic about their future, still.
However, James had admit that more than Francis's dire feelings pointed towards a hard
winter.
The ice increased per day, same as the cold, and James didn't need to be an expert to know
that they had a difficult time battling the elements.
It was as if the mood of the ship's Captain was starting to effect everyone else on board, and
James was soon heartily sick of it.

He decided that it would be to the good of everyone to cheer Francis up a bit, and he was
determined to use his new position in Francis's affections to do so.
The next time he went down to the great cabin, he took time to study the selection of books
on hand. It was three days after the funeral of David Young, the ice was slow yielding, yet Sir
John maintained their course south southwest.
"Are you looking for something specific?", Francis asked.
Of course, it was too cold for him on deck, especially since he couldn't move around, and his
own sleeping berth was too small to admit people for meetings, so Francis had took up shop
here, so to speak.
"Yes.", James said, studying the spines, before turning to Francis, who raised an eyebrow at
him.
"Well?"
"The Complete Works of Shakespeare. I think I heard mention on Erebus about this library
having every classical book one could think of, so it ought to be there."
"Would you have us put on a play, James?"
"No. Not as such, anyway.", James said cryptically.
He didn't want to tell Francis his plan before he found the book. Francis might hide it, or
outright refuse.
"We do have it, but someone must've taken it, because it's not here.", Francis said.
"One of your officers?"
"Anyone is allowed to read the books here, really.", Francis said with a shrug. "What the
devil do you want with Shakespeare, anyway? You hardly need any more theatricals in your
life."
Mere days ago, this might've been a taunt, designed to sting, but now it sounded fond,
teasing. James couldn't help the warmth that spread in his chest.
"Francis, there can never be enough theatricals.", he said seriously.
Francis sighed. "That shouldn't surprise me, coming from you."
"We used to put on plays while docked in Malta, when I was a midshipman.", James began,
thinking back to those times with a pang, especially at the warmer climate.
Back then, he hadn't known what "cold" really meant.
James stopped scanning the shelves to look at Francis. "Our Captain had a fondness for the
bard, and with nothing better to do, we put on productions of Romeo and Juliet, Richard III,

Julius Caesar... It was great fun."
"I can imagine.", Francis said with a gentle scoff. "Ready for the stage as you are with all
your stories and flamboyance."
"Why, thank you."
"That wasn't a compliment."
James smiled at him. "I think it was."
For a moment, their gazes were caught in each other, and James suddenly felt his throat dry.
His heart was also racing, and at the same time he wished to gaze forever into Francis's eyes,
so shockingly blue.
Realising what he was thinking, James looked down, heat in his cheeks.
This wasn't... a good idea at all. In fact, it was extraordinarily foolish.
"I'm going to look for that book now.", James mumbled, practically fleeing the room.
Francis didn't call after him, and James wondered if he'd noticed it too. Hopefully not, or else
Francis would probably readily sent him back to Erebus, no matter what Sir John said.
James paused. Wasn't that exactly what he wanted?
James leaned against the bulkhead and took a few deep breaths to calm himself.
It had only been a look. Fleeting, really, not indicative of anything. Even if Francis suspected,
there was no proof.
Also, it came to him, it was only the unnatural nature of his desires that made him able to
read gazes with such accuracy, to imbue them with so much meaning.
If Francis suspected, did he perhaps have experience with this subtle art as well?
For now, James decided to hope that Francis was still hopelessly in love with Sophia Cracroft
and couldn't even notice anyone's affections besides her, as much as he didn't actually want
that to be true.
For the rest of the day, James avoided seeing Francis, which thankfully wasn't difficult.
To distract himself further, he also looked for the book, drawing up in his head a list of
possible candidates who could've taken it.
Lieutenant Hodgson was now berthing on Erebus, seeing as the flagship had ample space in
its officer's quarters on account of James's absence and the deaths at Beechey.
There was the possibility that Hodgson had taken the book with him to Erebus, and James
had to say, even though they had served together on the Cornwallis, he had no idea if

Hodgson was the kind of man who read Shakespeare in his spare time.
Disregarding that, James asked Little next.
"Shakespeare?", Little asked. "No, haven't seen it. To be honest, I don't really have the
necessary leisure to read in my spare time."
That didn't surprise James. Little seemed very tense on a good day, and not in the everrighteous way of Lieutenant Irving, but in a more melancholic way. He seemed perfectly
suited for his job at Francis's side, in that aspect.
"I think perhaps you should read Shakespeare once in a while.", James told Little. "He can be
quite funny. Might cheer you up a little."
Little frowned. "Yes, sir."
"That wasn't an order.", James hurried to assure him. "Just a suggestion."
"I will consider it."
"Wonderful!", James said, forcing a smile onto his face.
Good God, that man was more dreary than Francis in his worst moods!
Next on the list was Lieutenant Irving, though James didn't have very high hopes where he
was concerned.
All the while, the ice continued to close in on them.
James could feel Terror straining against the onslaught, the moan of cracking ice against her
hull, pierced by the shouts of the men.
It was an eerie feeling, because the ship seemed ready to split apart at any moment. James
remembered it from the winter at Beechey, and was glad for it, since that meant he didn't
catch a fright every time the ice shrieked around the ship.
Lieutenant Irving was on deck, in deep discussion with Thomas Blanky.
"We'll have to try and burst the ice open physically soon.", Blanky was saying. "Ah,
Commander, we're just trying to think of a plan."
James discussed it with them, and a tiny part of him wondered if they shouldn't turn back
now, before they were frozen in.
The ice could also crush them, he knew. Francis hadn't said so at the command meeting, he
had been talking about being frozen in, so perhaps that was the liklier possibility.
"Has Erebus been signaling?", he asked.

"Only to let us know to continue forward at all costs. And also to ask about why we're so
slow, but the Captain won't enhance the speed, no matter what, he said.", Irving said.
James nodded. Different from Francis, he had actually been down on the engineering deck,
where the coal was shoveled, to find out if there were some problems Francis was responding
to, but apparently their coal reserves were the same and nothing had changed.
When James had reported this to Francis, he had just said: "All the same, there is no need to
rush things. Also, Erebus still needs to keep up."
His tone had brokered no argument.
"You do realize that Sir John is going to demand to know what the hell you're doing sooner or
later.", James said dryly. "And that I'm going to be the one who is going to have to explain it
to him, probably."
"I am aware."
James wondered if Francis had copied this sort of brushing off from Sir John himself.
"Well, I'm sure Sir John is going to invite himself to dinner soon.", James said to Blanky and
Irving.
They were walking up and down the gunwale to keep warm. From the winter at Beechey,
James knew it would only get worse.
He tried to summon the sense of adventure he'd had when signing up for this expedition,
when he had written John Barrow's son that he would gladly walk to the North Pole.
He did feel it, but there was also a strange kind of foreboding clinging to him, and he couldn't
get rid of it. Maybe he had been spending too much time around Francis.
"Shakespeare?", Irving said when James asked him. "He has a rather coarse sense of humor,
don't you think? Not to my taste at all."
"So you haven't taken the book?"
"No. I wouldn't be caught dead with it."
James regarded him in the fading light of dusk. "What do you read? Besides the Bible, of
course."
"I don't see what is wrong with reading the Bible."
"Of course, I wasn't implying any judgement.", James said, deeply wishing that Irving had
gone over to Erebus after all.
Between him and Little, Hodgson could hardly be worse than them.

Of course, Sir John had a fondness for reading the Bible, in fact, he had often requested
James read it to him in the late hours.
James, eager as ever to ingratiate himself with Sir John, had done so, though he had to say
that the Bible wasn't to his taste.
"I dare say you're a bit bored of it.", Sir John had remarked one evening. "Perhaps you're too
young to find refuge in the Bible's pages."
"Perhaps I'm too much of a sinner to find refuge in the Bible's pages.", James had replied
lightly.
"Oh, nonsense!", Sir John had said, puffing on his pipe. "And even if it were true, a sinner
will find the most refuge of all, if he is only penitent."
"That's true.", James had answered.
Perhaps that was the issue with him and God, he mused. He wasn't repentant of his sin, at
least the one that mattered most.
The only reason he had ended things with Dundy had been because of fear of discovery, not
regret of doing the deed itself.
It was almost time for dinner with Francis, and finally James had the idea of asking the
stewarts what had become of the book.
Since Jopson was so busy tending to Francis, James went to Billy Gibson, who now also
tended to him in place of Bridgens.
Gibson was in the carpenter's workshop, though Mr. Honey was nowhere to be seen. Instead,
Mr. Hickey was sitting on the worktable, smoking and chatting animatedly with Gibson.
James only recognized the caulker's mate because he had passed him on his way to speak
Francis, after Francis had made his cryptic remark about rumors about him.
When James came in, Hickey jumped off the table and straightened.
"At ease, gentlemen.", James said. "Where is Mr. Honey?"
"He went to fetch something.", Hickey said, putting a belated "sir" at the end.
"Do you want us to look for him?", Gibson asked.
"No, it's actually you I wanted to see.", James said to him.
Hickey threw Gibson a look -ah, there we are with those fleeting looks again, James
thought-, before he turned to leave.
"So, I'm looking for the Complete Works of Shakespeare.", James told Gibson. "I thought you
might know who took it from the shelf."

"I have no idea, sir.", Gibson said. "We really ought to have some sort of system to know who
took a book."
James nodded. "On Erebus, Mr. Bridgens knows the state of the library at all times. Granted,
it's not as many books, but-" He stopped, having a realisation, and smiled. "I think I know
who has taken the book.", he said. "If you'll excuse me..."
Since he hadn't seen the Captain of the foretop on deck, James thought he might find Henry
Peglar near, and he was right. He was in the crew's mess, reading.
Not the Complete Works of Shakespeare, since the volume was too thin for that, but James
still believed he was on the right track.
"I'm sure Mr. Bridgens misses you.", James said to him. "I know how often you visited each
other during the winter at Beechey, despite the treacherous weather."
"I miss him, too.", Peglar said freely. "I would really like to ask him some questions about
what I'm reading. He recommended it to me."
"What are you reading?"
Peglar showed the book to him. "Seneca. Letters from a Stoic."
James gave a laugh. "Mr. Bridgens really isn't one for light subject matters, is he? I remember
having to read it as a boy. Barely got through the thing, it was so boring."
"I do like it.", Peglar said. "It's just, I don't know much about the Romans, and sometimes I'd
like to for context. I'm sure John knows more about them."
"I know he does... Say, Mr. Peglar, you wouldn't happen to know what happened to the
Complete Works of Shakespeare, would you?"
Peglar's cheeks colored a little in the yellow lighting. "I have it, sir. I asked Mr. Jopson if I
could take it. Until a few days ago I was reading Richard III."
"Then you wouldn't mind giving it to me?"
"Of course not! I'd meant to return it, I just forgot..."
"I performed in Richard III once, you know.", James said. "In port at Malta."
"Really? Who did you play?"
"One of the young princes. They said my hair was perfect for it."
James wondered what sort of comment Francis would make at that, and had to smile.
~~~~~~~~~~~

At dinner, Francis wasn't in a good mood, but James was just kind of relieved that he didn't
seem to remember their last parting.
Or was he a tad disappointed, too?
Dangerous waters, he thought to himself.
"You think we will get stuck in the ice.", James said.
"I know that we will get stuck in the ice.", Francis grumbled. "Once again, I failed to bring
my point across."
James didn't say that Francis had brought his point across, as he said it, perfectly, it was just
that no one was willing to listen to him.
"Well, even if we do, what's one more winter? Thaw will come come spring."
"And if it doesn't?"
James looked at Francis, seated next to him, his leg propped up on a stool. He looked good,
James thought. Undefeated. His question wasn't melancholic brooding, it seemed to be
genuine curiosity.
"I suppose we can manage another year in the ice, then.", James said.
"And if thaw doesn't come then? If we're stuck in the ice indefinitely, our resources
dwindling, the resources we do have spoiled, and all of us getting more ill and less sane each
month, what then?"
Francis's tone stopped James from making any kind of flippant reply. Why did that man
always have to ruin the mood? Though, a tiny part of him said, if he was right...
"Well, then...", James began, trying to scramble for an easy solution, and finding none, ended
on: "...then we're royally fucked, I suppose. Pardon the language."
"Exactly.", Francis said. "So it would do to make sure that doesn't happen in the first place,
doesn't it?"
"That's true.", James conceded. "But what I'm bothered with is that you absolutely refuse to
consider other possibilities. It is as if you already know -know with certainty- that everything
is going to go wrong."
Francis nodded, looking sad. "It's not just the reality of being in a place as hostile as this,
though that's certainly a factor. We are absolutely dependant on the resources we brought, and
we can't survive in this place like the Netsilik people..." He trailed off in thought.
"What else is it, then?", James asked.
"It's our entire attitude, the hubris of it. It's disregarding everything experience tells us,
instead assuming that we can just sail through these waters like it's nothing. It's endangering

every single one of us, and it needs to stop."
Francis was speaking of "our attitude", but James could tell that he really meant Sir John.
Part of James, loyal to their leader, wanted to scoff and brush Francis off, yet another couldn't
help seeing that there was a grain of truth to Francis's words.
Hadn't the Arctic intimidated him from the beginning, even as it fascinated him?
As if to agree, the ice made the ship groan again.
"Well, what do you suggest, now that we're on this course?", James asked.
Francis chewed and swallowed, considering. "Wait out winter in some sheltered harbor, if we
can still turn around, if it's not too late. Or here, or wherever we're stuck, and then, if thaw
doesn't come, walk out. Back to Fort Resolution."
James was speechless for a moment. "Abandoning the ships? Both of them? You can't be
serious!"
"It will be a difficult sacrifice.", Francis said. "Believe me, I know. But it will leave us alive
by the end of it."
James thought of Sir John, having a quiet dinner by now, accompanied by nothing but the
shouts of the men and the ever present ice.
He and Francis didn't even think in the same dimensions.
"I can't believe Sir John would ever agree to such a course of action."
Francis nodded. "He wouldn't... At least when I propose it."
James looked at him carefully. It was hanging in the air between them, what if he, James,
were to propose it? Preposterous, surely. James didn't share Francis's opinions, in fact, he
thought Francis entirely unsuited for the whole expedition, and also he couldn't stand him!
"I would never ask him such a thing.", James said stiffly.
Francis put down his fork, and in a move that left James utterly stunned, covered James's
hand with his own.
"James, I only wish to save us. Save you. There's is no malice intended, and I speak from
experience, not overwhelmed with melancholy, as you might think. I know Sir John cherishes
you more so than he does me, for various reasons, and so I dearly hope that you might help
me."
James was, once more, utterly speechless. He realised that all he thought before about
despising Francis might have been true only days ago, but now it wasn't. This new, strange
Francis was different. He didn't drink, for one, and he actually seemed to like James.

It was all well and good to hate someone who hated you back, but Francis, strangely enough,
didn't seem to hate him. What on earth had happened to him?
"I thought I was Sir John's rosy-cheeked, lisping pet poodle.", James said, though he didn't
draw his hand back.
Francis's eyes widened and his cheeks colored. "Now, who told you that?"
"Does it matter? I know you said it."
Francis sighed. "I did. I won't deny it- But that was before I knew you- what I mean to say is,
that was before I gave up the drinking, while I was still bitter about- a private matter..."
"Sophia Cracroft.", James said.
For some reason, he had been feeling like she had been hanging between them for a while
now, ever since James had asked Francis why he was here.
"Yes, Sophia Cracroft.", Francis muttered. "She is the reason I'm here, but not the reason II'm trying to save us."
"Don't you have the hope that once you've returned us all to England, she will not reject you a
third time?"
James only belatedly realised that perhaps Francis would be cross, knowing that Sir John had
discussed all this with James. At least he had left out the part where Sir John had insinuated
that he, James, would be a far better match.
But Francis didn't seem greatly surprised, if a little morose.
"Sophia and I are not meant to be. I loved her, yes, but I find that she is far away from me
now, and not just for the actual miles between us."
Perhaps this was the reason for Francis's change in behavior, then. But it didn't entirely
explain why Francis had such regard for James suddenly, for he acted very much as if they
were already friends, and not just no longer enemies.
"I'm sorry about saying that about you.", Francis said. "I was wrong. You're very much
capable of independent thought, which is why I believe I can speak freely to you now."
James was very aware of how Francis hadn't let go of his hand, the way he had leaned close they had both leaned close and James could see the dusting of freckles on Francis's skin and
feel his breath on his face.
"Speak freely.", James repeated in a gravelly voice.
"Aye.", Francis said. "Sir John doesn't want to accept the possibility of failure. His own pride
stands in the way, perhaps his memories of previous expeditions... I'm not saying that we will
fail, but it is dangerous to not even contemplate it. It is equally dangerous to go into this
expedition thinking that we don't have to make sacrifices."

"Like Erebus?"
"Like Erebus, or even Terror. And lives, James. We're already fewer than we were when we
set out. All we can do is put aside all vanity and make sure the number of dead stays as low
as possible."
James nodded, hating how he was beginning to see Francis's point, as well as how his
proximity was affecting him.
It occurred to him that Francis had prepared these words, set him at ease over the last days so
he was ready to receive them. And could James blame him?
If Francis really believed their situation was as dire as he had made it out to be, wouldn't
anyone in his shoes try everything in their power to make others understand?
James swallowed as Francis gripped his hand tighter, his fingers curling around James's palm.
"James, please, see that I-"
The expression in Francis's eyes became too painful to bear, so much so that James withdrew
his hand and stood up, even though he wasn't done eating.
"There is still something you're not telling me, though.", he said, looking anywhere but
Francis.
"I've told you everything I freely can.", Francis whispered.
"What's that supposed to mean?" His voice sounded harsh to his own ears.
"James, look at me, please."
I can't bear it., James thought, shaking his head. The way you look at me, I can't bear it.
He heard Francis shuffling in his own seat, huffing in frustration. "You must know that I'm
speaking the truth out of my own heart.", he said at last.
James cleared his throat. "I know.", he said. "I do know. But I don't understand-"
"Will speak to Sir John for me?", Francis continued with the relentlessness of an incoming
locomotive.
James took a breath to steady himself, and then sat down again, picking up his cutlery.
"I don't see that I have any choice at this point."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 6: James
James was walking. He liked to walk, though the landscape seemed a little dreary. It was also
familiar, but there were no landmarks to jostle his memory.
Just endless rock, nothingness, really.
After a while James realised that he was tired, and it wasn't the normal tiredness after a long
walk, but something deeper. Seeping into his bones.
He tasted blood in his mouth, and his side hurt, and he was just so tired. Yet he knew he
needed to keep walking.
The pain got worse and worse after he noticed it, and he staggered a few steps and came to a
halt.
Keep walking.
James gritted his teeth and continued. Speaking of teeth, his gums felt strange, not just from
the bleeding. It tasted of rot, too.
James felt a gnawing hunger, and he felt weak, and he knew there would be a point, soon,
when his legs wouldn't carry him anymore.
But he needed to keep walking.
He bit on something hard and spit it out. It was one of his teeth.
James fell, and he couldn't breathe, couldn't~~~~~~~~
James sat bolt upright in Lieutenant Hodgson's bunk, breathing hard. For a moment, his
throat was closed up, and he couldn't get air into his lungs.
He thought he was actually going to die, still half in the dream, absolutely terrified, until
slowly, the pain lessened and his breaths actually brought nourishment again.
James jumped to his feet and only dimly noticed a book falling to the floor.
He fumbled for his desklamp, and somehow managed lighting it with shaking hands.
He needed a moment to find the mirror in the unfamiliar surroundings, and addled as his
mind was, but when he had it he almost didn't want to look.
He did it anyway, expecting to find himself wasting away, but it was his normal, healthy
visage that looked back at him with fearful eyes.

He checked his gums, his teeth, and there was nothing amiss. Finally he tugged up his
nightshirt to look at the bullet wound.
It wasn't open and bleeding, there was just the healed scar.
James breathed a sigh of relief, even as he couldn't quite believe it. He didn't think he had
ever dreamed this vividly before, and even now he remembered every detail.
It seemed wrong to call it a dream really, when it was so much like a memory.
James didn't want to go back to sleep, he was terrified to even extinguish the light, and so he
started to dress.
He could've called Gibson, but contrarily James also didn't want to see anyone, unmoored
and shaky as he felt.
Well, almost.
He wondered if Francis was awake.
On his way out, his foot bumped into something. It was the Complete Works of Shakespeare,
he had been reading in before falling asleep.
James tugged the book under his arm and went to the Great Cabin. It was empty, and James
could hear Francis's light snoring from behind his door.
He felt a tad disappointed, though also relieved that Francis was at least able to catch a little
sleep.
With nothing better to do, James lit another lamp, sat down and began to read.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James lost track of time. He wasn't really reading, and he wasn't sleeping. The nightmare kept
playing before his eyes, the entire creeping horror of it.
He didn't understand himself. Of course, he recognized the symptoms of scurvy, and every
sailor he knew was at least vaguely afraid of it...
But this, this was as if it had actually happened to him, and he was remembering.
The fugue state he was in didn't lift, and so he went up on deck. It was a clear night, and the
stars were out.
Such beauty had always struck James as strange in the biting cold. The Arctic could be very
beautiful indeed, but it was a harsh kind. Deadly, even.
He thought back to his talk with Francis. He would speak to Sir John, try and persuade him to
change course.

James already felt deeply uncomfortable about it. He had made it his mission to please Sir
John, to make him like him, and this seemed directly opposed to that.
But of course, a little discomfort was nothing if it was a matter of their survival.
He wondered if his nightmare had been a subconscious response to Francis's words, proof
how they had shaken him.
Still, there was something about Francis that didn't add up, something that unsettled James.
And so, he was glad to row back to Erebus the next morning, if only to feel the slightest bit of
normalcy again.
He was to take breakfast with Sir John. For a reason he didn't quite understand, James didn't
see Francis before he departed. Perhaps he feared another repeat of what happened yesterday,
which he decidedly didn't feel strong enough for.
In his fear, he had wanted nothing but to see him, though in general he didn't comprehend his
complicated emotions for Francis at any given time.
Dundy was waiting for him on deck, along with many others of the crew who were glad to
see him, and he immediately felt better at this kind welcome.
"And, has Captain Crozier driven you mad yet?", Le Vesconte asked.
"I still live to tell the tale.", James replied easily.
Harry Goodsir, with whom James had always gotten along, was also part of the crowd, and
he asked James if they could speak privately for moment before he left.
"Have got some new scetches to show me?", James asked.
"In a manner of speaking.", the young assistant surgeon answered.
Sir John greeted James one deck lower, shaking his hand vigorously and exclaiming how he'd
missed him.
"Likewise, sir."
"Let's eat. Everyone back to their duties!", Sir John ordered.
Lieutenants Hodgson and Gore, as well as Dundy, joined them for breakfast. James was still
considering whether this was a good sign or not while he took the first sips of his tea, when
Sir John asked him: "Now you have to tell me why we're going so slow. Is there something
wrong with Terror now, as well?"
That was one of the questions James had feared the most, but he was prepared for it.
"Francis believes that the slow course in our best interests. It will only add a few days to our
journey, and in the end we will be better off for it."

A vague answer, yet it was what sounded best and most like Francis was not directly
disobeying orders.
"That is all well and good, but winter is fast approaching. If we want to be in the Pacific by
this year, every day counts. It's already getting colder at a rapid pace. Now, if there is nothing
wrong with the engine nor our coal supply, I'm ordering Francis to quicken his pace to what
we'd agreed.", Sir John said.
"Will Erebus be able to keep up?", Dundy asked.
"Of course. And if not, we can still slow down."
James stared at his food. Ever since his nightmare, he had felt slightly nauseous, and there
was a part of him who still periodically wanted to check if his gums were bleeding.
"Anything the matter, James?", Sir John asked.
James looked up to see both Sir John and Dundy shooting him worried glances.
He cleared his throat. "There is a matter, Sir John. About our current course."
Sir John raised an eyebrow, indicating him to go on.
"I wonder if we should not consider... other options.", James said, the words sounding
awkward to his own ears. "We see how the ice has increased, and if it goes on like this, we
might be stuck in a matter of days. We could still turn back and consider overwintering
somewhere safer."
"I firmly believe that we can make it through the ice in no time.", Sir John said.
"Pardon me... But what if you're wrong?"
James shouldn't have left the question hang in the air like that, but for a moment his words
deserted him. He really was bad at this, and he was deeply ashamed that his usual gift for
eloquence seemed to be gone when he was criticizing Sir John.
"What I mean to say is, there a many other possibilities besides us making it, and I'm sure I'm
not the only one with... with doubts, as it were."
He looked at the Lieutenants, hoping to find some agreement. Hodgson seemed thoughtful,
Gore was frowning, and Le Vesconte fidgeted with his napkin.
"The ice ahead does look dire.", Dundy, blessed Dundy, said.
"That's also the opinion of both Ice Masters.", James hurried to add. "I know we all want to
find the passage by end of this year, but we shouldn't prioritize that over the safety of this
expedition."
There was silence for a moment. Sir John leaned back in his chair and dabbed his mouth.

"Well, I see, Francis has been hard at work.", he said calmly.
"It wasn't Francis." James felt the need to lie about this, for there was something between Sir
John and Francis that wasn't helping his case, he was sure of it. "I spoke to many people,
among them Mr. Blanky, who, aside from you, clearly has the most experience with the
Arctic."
"Aside from me.", Sir John said. "Exactly."
"I only wish for us to make it out of here alive.", James insisted.
"And we will. You can trust me on that. Now, why don't we eat for now and talk about such
disagreeable subjects later.", Sir John said in a tone that brokered no argument.
Had James achieved anything? He wasn't sure. Perhaps Sir John was considering his words,
and would give a measured response later.
In the meantime, James tried to force the food into his stomach, tried not to fear his teeth
falling out while he chewed.
Dundy bumped his foot under the table, throwing him a questioning look. James just shook
his head.
"And how is Francis adjusting to the situation?", Sir John asked. "Is he allowing his leg to
rest?"
"He can do little else.", James said.
"Not sending you all over Terror on petty errands yet?", Gore wanted to know.
James chuckled. "Not yet. I have been doing it myself, rather. To get used to her."
"You've been getting along with everyone?"
"You know me.", James said, feeling better about this subject by half. "I make friends
everywhere."
"Indeed he does!", Dundy proclaimed.
"I should also ask you how you're getting on.", James said to Hodgson. "I've turned you out
of your bunk, after all."
"I've been enjoying it here.", Hodgson replied. "It's less... dreary here than on Terror."
That was probably the truth, James thought, if his interactions with Little and Irving were any
indication.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir John waited until all the officers had cleared the room and Bridgens had brought away the
plates.
"Mr. Bridgens.", James stopped him at the door. "I'm too give you warmest greetings from
Henry Peglar. He's done with Richard III, and starting on the epistulae morales."
"Thank you, sir.", Bridgens said. "Tell him I look forward to his opinion on them. And I miss
him very much, of course."
James promised he would relay his words to Peglar, and Bridgens left him alone with Sir
John.
Again, a silence stretched between them, and Sir John seemed disinclined to break it.
James tried not to feel like a disobedient schoolboy being summoned before the headmaster,
but was only marginally successful.
"James, I honestly don't know how I'm supposed to interpret your new change in allegiance.",
Sir John said at last.
"My allegiance hasn't changed.", James hurried to assure him. "I'm loyal to you, as always."
"Are you? Because here is how this could appear to me, if I had less trust in you: Francis
doesn't respect my authority during a command meeting, followed by both of you conspiring
over on Terror and deliberately sabotaging the course by slowing us down."
James felt his heart drop. Sir John was still calm, ever so collected, belying the accusations
he had made.
"It was you who sent me over to Terror, sir.", he said in a choked voice. "And I can assure
you, I have not been conspiring, as you call it. I would never-"
"Really? Wouldn't you? I do believe you, but you must agree that this looks most damning."
"It wasn't meant like that at all, though.", James said.
Sir John held up a hand. "I want to believe you, I do. So tell me truly: did you have anything
to do with the reduction in speed?"
Lightning quick, James tried to think. It did feel disloyal to Francis to lay the blame at his
feet in these circumstances, be it true or not. On the other hand, if he wanted any chance of
swaying Sir John in the future, he needed to be in his good graces. Minimize the damage.
"I didn't, sir.", James said. "I swear to you I didn't."
"And what did you talk about with Francis?"
"Just about our chances of survival, never about you. I don't know if he-" James stopped,
hating himself, but wanting to reassure Sir John nevertheless.

"Yes?"
James grit his teeth and made himself say: "I don't know if Francis maybe has malevolent
intentions, trying to turn me against you. It was he who convinced me to speak to you today,
but if his motives were immoral, mine certainly aren't. I remain your loyal commander."
"Then I apologize for having misunderstood your intentions.", Sir John replied kindly. "I do
understand your worries. You're young, you have never been to the Arctic. It can all seem
quite intimidating. But our course is the right one, I can feel it. Francis will see it too, I'm
sure."
James was overtaken with the urge to defend himself. He may be young, and he had never
been to the Arctic, but that hardly meant that he was some sheltered little plant who had
never seen action.
But Sir John knew that, he realised. He just wanted to dismiss him because he wanted to
maintain his course at all costs.
James wondered if perhaps he had let himself be swayed overly much by Francis after all.
Sir John was an experienced Arctic veteran, and he surely knew what he was talking about, if
he was so sure.
Otherwise it would mean that Sir John was some delusional old man, and James couldn't
credit that. However, he still suspected there was some private reason why Sir John was
insisting on this course.
"Do you want me back on Erebus, then?", James asked, both hoping and dreading the answer.
Sir John considered, then said much to James's surprise: "No. I do want you and Francis to
get along better, and now that I know you didn't conspire against me, I don't see any reason
why you shouldn't continue to get to know one another better."
That seemed to confirm that Sir John had never believed the entire thing of Francis and
James deliberately disobeying his orders together. If he had, he would've done everything to
keep them apart, surely.
James was utterly frustrated with the way everyone was acting, both Francis and Sir John,
because he had the feeling he was being passed around between them in some kind of game
he didn't have the information to understand.
As for their course, he was so confused that he had no idea at this point to the degree of
danger.
He remembered that time before the expedition, when everything had been easy in
comparison, and he had written a proposed course to John Barrow's son and a few words that
seemed entirely sufficient.
Now, these few words were laden with portent, and he didn't know who to believe to discern
its exact meaning.

"Now,", Sir John said. "I wish for you to return to Terror as soon as possible so we can get
on, but of course, say your farewells to your friends first."
"I hope you're still among them.", James said.
Sir John stepped forward and grabbed his shoulders. "Of course I am, my dear James. I want
no disagreement between us, ever."
"There is none.", James assured him.
"Good, good. Then why don't you go see where Le Vesconte has disappeared to? He has
missed you most terribly, I'm sure."
Reassured that Sir John at least remained oblivious to the exact nature of James's relationship
with Dundy, James did as Sir John suggested.
Le Vesconte was in his cabin, drawing something in a James's scetchbook.
"You forgot it here.", he said by way of explanation.
"I was going to fetch it today."
"So, what's going on?"
"Nothing.", James said. "Stop drawing in my sketchbook."
Le Vesconte did stop, but only to raise an eyebrow at him. "You were acting strange
throughout that whole breakfast."
"Everything is fine, the last days just gave me some reservations whether we are on the right
course after all."
"I noticed that.", Dundy said. "May distance finally give you leave to emancipate yourself
from Sir John?"
James went over to him and snatched back the sketchbook. "You're exaggerating my
attachment to him."
"I am not.", Le Vesconte said, catching James's wrist. "Not that I blame you. We're all in awe
of our fearless leader. All except Crozier, perhaps."
Dundy let his fingers trail down, until he was holding James's hand, then brought it to his
lips. "I missed you."
James deflated. "I missed you too. There's hardly much pleasant company on Terror."
"Not even her Captain? He must've had some kind of impact on you, if you're parroting his
opinions..."

"Everyone with eyes can see that the situation is becoming difficult.", James said with a
scoff. "You know, I don't know what I have done to deserve your low opinion of me. First I
need to emancipate myself from Sir John, and now I'm apparently parroting Francis Crozier."
He knew that Dundy was only teasing, yet it hurt a bit nevertheless.
"Peace, James.", Dundy said. "I'm sure you came to your own conclusions. But how is it like
with Crozier? I can't imagine he makes it easy for you."
"It's... strange." James didn't know how else to describe it.
"Strange?"
"Aye, strange. He doesn't think I'm anyone's pet poodle, at least."
"Perhaps his injury has mellowed him."
James scoffed again. "That definitely not."
After James had reluctantly said goodbye to Le Vesconte, he almost forgot to pay Harry
Goodsir a visit as he'd promised.
Thankfully, he was still on Erebus when he remembered.
His sketchbook tucked under one arm, James went to sickbay, where Goodsir had had
permission to set up his drawing materials in the absence of any patients.
"Did you sketch something new?", James asked after they'd greeted each other.
"I haven't had the time for anything substantial, no.", Goodsir replied. "I just wanted to ask
you if you could pass on a message, as it were. To Captain Crozier."
James blinked in surprise. "I'm all ears."
"Tell him that I'm working on what he requested. And that I expect to have results soon.",
Goodsir said seriously.
"What are you working on?", James inquired.
"You'll have to ask Captain Crozier. I can't betray his confidence."
Something occurred to James. "It's you Francis came to see the other day, not Stephen."
Goodsir nodded. "I can't betray his confidence.", he repeated.
"I... I won't ask you to."
So there was another item to add to the rapidly growing list of Francis's strange behavior.
As he was rowed back to Terror, James considered how to confront Francis. He wouldn't be
happy about what James had achieved, or rather, what he hadn't achieved.

What would Francis do now?
With the exception of Henry Peglar and Neptune, no one on Terror seemed overly excited to
have James back.
He was greeted with all due courtesy, but there wasn't much of the enthusiasm of the
Erebites.
James petted Neptune and conveyed the good wishes of Mr. Bridgens to the captain of the
foretop, glad to see Peglar's face light up the way it did.
Francis must've already heard of Sir John's unchanged orders via signaling, and indeed his
expression was that of a thunderstorm incarnate when James stepped into the cabin.
"You couldn't convince him.", Francis said.
James had given a lot of thought to disappointing Sir John, but he hadn't thought what it
could mean to disappoint Francis.
The man looked devastated, and James felt something twist inside his gut.
"No, I couldn't."
"Tell me how it happened.", Francis said.
He turned his head away from James, as if it was painful to look at him. This simple gesture
was enough to hurt James profoundly, and the hurt in turn made him angry.
"Not until you tell me why you used me like this.", he hissed.
Francis whipped around to face him, eyes wide. "Excuse me?"
"I know there's something you're not telling me, and that it has to do with your anxiousness
over our course. I want to know what it is, for I certainly won't have Sir John accuse me of
mutiny for nothing!", James said, whispering the last words lest someone overhear.
"Sir John accused you of mutiny?"
James walked over to Francis and braced his hands on his chair. "Do you hear me? I want to
know, now."
The openness of Francis's stare took James aback. There it was again, the thing that was so
hard to bear. But James wouldn't back down now. He needed to get to the bottom of this.
"I already told you everything.", Francis said, sounding slightly breathless.
"You're lying.", James whispered.
"I'm not! Christ, James, is the direness of our situation not enough for you? I explained it to
you, I've tried to make you see-"

"Then why doesn't Sir John see it? He is completely convinced that we're on the right course,
and he has just as much experience as you."
Francis sighed. "I can't read Sir John's mind. I just know that he's wrong."
James leaned forward, trying to see something in Francis's eyes. Instinct made him say:
"How do you know it?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 7: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"How do you know it?"
Francis knew that James wasn't asking about his experience, or what the ice indicated. He
was asking for the truth.
But Francis couldn't give it to him.
They were very close to each other again, and Francis tried his best not to seem affected. The
urge to touch James was nearly overpowering, to feel his warm skin beneath his fingers...
There was also the fact that Sir John hadn't been swayed, and it drove Francis to despair,
which he suspected was behind these strange desires.
He couldn't have failed again! Not when he'd done everything as carefully as he could, had
talked to James with the utmost sincerity when the time had been right, had stopped himself
from confronting Sir John himself once more.
They still had time, he told himself. An entire winter, now, for they would maintain this
course.
"How do you know it?", James said again.
Francis couldn't help himself, he reached out and touched James's cheek. It was mistake,
reminding him of touching James similarly when he lay dying, forcing the poison down his
throat.
James, meanwhile, visibly froze, mouth hanging open.
"Do you trust me?", Francis asked.
The question was sudden, desperate in its urgency.
"How could I?", James said. "I don't- I don't know what's happening to you."
Francis's thumb brushed the other's chin, the line of his jaw.
"I shall have to earn it, then.", Francis breathed.
James swallowed. His usual confidence was nowhere to be found, and he looked rather like a
hare caught in a trap.
Francis knew he should pull his hand back, but he was reluctant to do so.

"Francis...", James began, seemingly unsure how to finish.
Suddenly, Francis felt the rushing in his ears again. He first thought it was his excitement, but
the sensation quickly grew so overpowering that Francis knew it was the pull of the other
time.
"No.", he muttered. "Oh, God, please no."
It was to no avail. James's face before blurred out of focus, and finally darkness descended.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis didn't need to open his eyes, for they were already open. Jopson's face was before
him, looking worried.
Francis blinked a few times, then immediately felt for his leg. If it was broken now, that
would be an inconvenience indeed.
It did hurt when he stood on it, a bit like an echo, but it definitely wasn't broken.
Jopson, however, looked much the worse for wear, and seemed only barely be holding
himself upright.
"Who collapsed?", Francis asked. "Aside from me?"
"Harry Peglar, sir.", Jopson said.
Francis nodded, trying to keep his composure. They were dropping like flies, and still had so
far to walk.
And James...
Oh, why did it hurt so much every time?
"Is everything alright, sir?", Jopson asked. "Do you need rest?"
"I'm fine.", Francis replied. "We'll make camp soon, and then-"
There were shouts behind them, men pointing to the sky. Francis followed their fingers, and
yes, there was a white bird flying in the sky.
Francis couldn't believe his eyes. There hadn't been a single living thing in this landscape
except for them and the dead Netsilik family.
Perhaps this bird was a sign of things to come, of game to be had.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They made camp and split the meat of the bird, woefully little, but perhaps there would be
more soon.

Francis wanted to be alone, but as soon as he was, he felt he couldn't stand it. He was
immediately confronted by his failures, too many to list, and he saw it before him clearly: all
of them dead by the end.
He jumped to his feet, shaking his head. Such thoughts lead nowhere, and there were still
lives to be saved.
There were also the mutineers still out there, and Goodsir. Francis had the sense he hadn't
seen the last of them.
It somehow didn't feel right to spend time alone, mourning the dead, when there were people
still alive. Like Jopson.
Decisively, he took a stool, some water and a cloth and went to his former stewart's tent.
Jopson tried to rise when he came in.
"At ease, Jopson.", Francis said.
"Is there something I can do for you, sir?", Jopson asked, and Francis didn't let show how that
broke his heart a little more.
He set the stool on the ground and said: "Aye. You can lie there, not feeling well, while I try
and cheer you up by telling you the story of how anyone ever let me ride a cow."
The words had the desired effect; Jopson smiled.
"I know that story ends with you head first in a compost heap.", Jopson said, chuckling
weakly.
"Well, would you like to hear it or not?"
Francis took the cloth and dipped it in water, starting to wash Jopson. It really was the least
he could do.
What he wanted was to bring Jopson to safety, to give him food and his home, which was his
task as his Captain. But right now, this would have to do.
He thought of James when he started talking. He would've made this story a veritable drama
with four acts, Francis was sure.
However, Francis would be more than happy if he made Jopson laugh at least once.
Jopson did laugh, though he looked sad by the end of it.
"Thank you, sir.", he whispered.
"It really is the least I could do.", Francis said sincerely. "I will sit with you until you fall
asleep."

Jopson looked lost for words. Francis knew he was afraid, as every single one of them was
afraid.
Francis wished he could give him a bit of hope.
"I have a few ideas.", he began. "Ideas to fix it. Maybe... there is a way..."
"So we can all go back home?"
"Exactly.", Francis said, not wanting to share more.
It wouldn't help Jopson if he believed the Captain was losing his mind.
After Jopson's breaths had become quiet and even, Francis rose and went back to his own
tent.
He sat at his table and stared into the darkness. He was waiting to go back again, he knew.
He was more confident that he would this time, but he couldn't say when.
However, he did have a theory what triggered his returns to this time; it seemed every time he
failed to change their course, failed to avert the disaster, he fell back into the reality where
everything went wrong.
It had been so after the command meeting, where he couldn't convince Sir John, and then
shortly after James had failed to convince him again.
He just didn't know how many chances he had left.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis was dreaming. They were leaving Greenhithe. Smiling, waving, tearful faces in both
the crowd ashore and on the railing, but a joyful optimism hang in the air, just as it had been
during the preparations.
Francis remembered that day. He had been in a sour mood during most of it, and,
consequently, drunk, though that only after he had said farewell to Sophia.
James had been happy. Francis had barely known him at that point, just from a few shared
dinners at the Admiralty, but the mere fact that he was full of joy for their undertaking had
been enough for Francis to despise him on sight.
Just wait how happy you'll look when you're nearly freezing to death in the Arctic, Francis
remembered thinking viciously.
It hurt, and made him feel ashamed, to recall that now. It also hurt to see that day again, the
joy and the optimism, which was all going to be crushed by the ice, hunger and scurvy.
He wasn't really aware he was dreaming, it was a bit as if he were living that day again, but
with hindsight.

At the same time, he couldn't do anything differently. He was the passive observer to the
entire tragedy, saw himself being moody and drunk and withdrawn and not doing anything.
After they were away from the docks, and ruckus on deck had died down, Francis went to his
cabin and pulled his pistol from the box under the bed. He looked at it, contemplating it, for a
long time.
Francis didn't know what had possessed him to do this the first time around (it probably had
something to do with his latent wish to end his life and wasn't pretty - there was the image of
Lady Silence, demanding to know why he wanted to die...).
But now, all Francis could think of was the short distance between him and Erebus, easily
braved by a boat.
He could take the gun, have himself rowed over to Erebus, walk up to Sir John and shoot him
in the head.
As he thought it, he saw it happen, him pointing the pistol, Sir John's eyes widening, and
thenFrancis jerked awake with a big gasp. It wasn't night anymore, and he wasn't at the camp.
Instead, he was lying on something hard, and Dr. McDonald was howering over him.
Dr. McDonald had died at the Carnivale, he remembered. So he must be back.
"There we are.", Dr. McDonald said. "Deep breaths, Captain."
As Francis tried to speak, to ask where he was, or more importantly when he was, James's
face appeared across from the surgeon.
"Is he awake? Thank God.", James said. "Francis? Can you hear me?"
Francis managed a "yes" between his gasping for air. Both James and Dr. McDonald put their
hands on his shoulder in a reassuring grip and slowly, Francis calmed down.
Since both James and Dr. McDonald were dead in the other reality, it wasn't hard to guess
where he was now, but the shock of waking up had made it harder.
"What happened?", Francis asked.
James frowned. "What is the last thing you remember?"
Shooting Sir John in the head.
"We were... talking.", Francis said weakly.
James nodded, looking slightly flushed. "You gave me quite the scare, Francis. I don't know
how to describe it... But suddenly, you were just gone. It was as if your soul had vacated your
body. Your eyes were open, unseeing. At first I thought you were dead, but you were still

breathing. I closed your eyes and carried you to sickbay with Mr. Jopson and Mr. Blanky,
telling them you had fainted. Perhaps that is what happened, but..."
"It is almost certainly what happened.", Dr. McDonald said. "Some people faint with their
eyes open, just as some people sleep that way. It's unsettling, but nothing to worry about."
"Wonderful.", Francis said, sitting up. "Then I can go back to-"
"I'm sorry, Captain, but you're not going anywhere until I've conducted a thorough
examination. While the manner of the fainting is nothing to worry about, the fact that you did
faint very much is. Especially since this isn't the first time, and you were out for nearly an
hour."
"I'm completely fine!"
Francis would've simply stood up and strode out of the room, but there was the damn leg in
the way. Broken again, of course.
"He's not!", James protested. "Whatever happened to him, I'm sure there is a serious medical
problem at hand."
"Thank you, James, for your expert opinion on this, it was really needed.", Francis grumbled.
James glared at him. "I want to know what is going on with you. We're all worried."
That took the wind out of Francis's sails.
He blinked, then reached for James's hand. "I'm glad you're here. Really, really glad. Thank
you for... taking care of me."
Well, that had been quite difficult to say, but he could see by the way James blushed that he'd
done the right thing.
"Well, um... of course.", James said, clearing his throat. "I had thought... you're only
interested in using me to bring your point across with Sir John."
"Never!", Francis whispered, aghast. He pressed down on the other's hand. "James, you must
believe me... I care about you. Deeply. In fact I-"
"Is that your voice I hear, Frank?", Thomas Blanky exclaimed as he came in. "You're back
with us?"
Francis was glad that Thomas stopped him from further incriminating himself, since judging
by James's expression he even had a hard time believing this much. There was still an
arresting blush to his cheeks, though, and Francis thought of the things he wanted to say to
him, things that sounded really close confessions of undying love.
Confessions of the kind he had made to Sophia, in his day.

"You can go right back out again.", Dr. McDonald said to Thomas. "I need to examine my
patient in private."
"First I want to see if he is alive."
"He is alive, thank you very much.", Francis said sourly.
Thomas grinned and touched Francis's cheek.
"Steady on, old boy. You gave us quite the scare."
"So James already said."
At the mention of his name, James extracted his fingers, out of Francis's grip and cleared his
throat again.
"Come on, Mr. Blanky.", he said, turning away from Francis toward the door.
Francis hated to see him go, but he didn't call after him, envisioning the mortification of
having James present at the examination.
He subjected himself for the next half hour to Dr. McDonald's questions and his poking and
prodding. They were friends, but that only made it marginally easier.
"I have to say, I'm a little confounded as to your condition.", the doctor said once he was
done. "I've never had a case like this."
"I don't have a condition.", Francis protested. "I'm perfectly-"
"Commander Fitzjames says this wasn't the first fainting spell. You also broke your leg that
way."
Damn it, James, Francis thought.
"But I'm feeling fine. Surely it can't be that serious then."
Dr. McDonald frowned and shook his head. "I will be frank, Captain, as I believe in this part
of the world we have no time for circumlocutions. I fear there might be something wrong
with your brain, and if that is true, I have no means to treat you here. The best thing to hope
for is a form of epilepsy, and even that can be quite dangerous."
Francis nodded. To be honest, he believed that the state of his brain was the least of his issues
considering what he was dealing with.
However, he had no idea whether the stays in the different time were also taking a physical
toll. Mentally, they definitely did, but he didn't know if his body was affected, as well.
He remembered the phantom pain in his leg, even though it hadn't been broken in the other
time. It certainly seemed like the times were somehow affecting each other, affecting him...

"Well, if you're right, there's hardly any use in worrying about it, is there?", Francis said.
"And for now, I really do feel completely fine. Not mad, at all."
Dr. McDonald nodded sadly. "I don't think it's madness we have to worry about. At least I
thank God for that. Just that you don't fall into a comatose state, or such like."
Francis promised him to tell him honestly whatever symptoms were affecting him, and
further grudgingly agreed to be examined every day.
"We have to look after your leg, anyway.", Dr. McDonald said reasonably.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jopson soon had him set up in the great cabin again. The ship was groaning against the ice,
and Francis felt a stab of guilt so potent it made his throat dry.
Despite everything, it had been one of the hardest things he ever did, leaving his ship behind.
And now he would probably have to do it again.
"Thank you, Jopson.", Francis said. "I dare say I'm rather overtaxing you, as of late."
"It's no bother, sir."
Francis knew it was probably true. His withdrawal had been far worse, and Jopson had never
complained once. He thought about tending to Jopson in his own illness, the moments they
shared in the other time.
Would Jopson be dead when he returned? It didn't bear thinking about.
"It's really a miracle that I haven't broken it before.", Francis said. "The way I carried on as a
boy... I liked to climb. I climbed up everything; trees, fences, animals... only to be defeated
by a ladderway decades later."
Jopson chuckled. "Did you join the navy so you could keep climbing? Rigging, instead of
trees?"
"In a manner of speaking."
They were moving forward at Sir John's proposed speed again, and Francis had been too
unmoored by his stay in the other time to guess how long they had until they were stuck.
It nearly drove Francis to insanity, just sitting here and letting the disaster take its course.
It caused him to snap at everyone who came to see him, with exception of James, but James
didn't even show up. He send others to convey his messages, among them Mr. Hickey, who
told him that the ice ahead was increasing dramatically. Sir John was telling them to do
everything in their power to break it open.

"Wonderful.", Francis snapped. "You can go tell Commander Fitzjames that this all could've
been prevented had he just gotten over himself-" Francis stopped.
This was the exact opposite of smart, especially in front of Mr. Hickey!
"Wait. Don't tell him that, of course.", Francis said.
"Is something the matter, Captain?", Hickey asked, curiosity shining in his eyes.
Well, I may have to ask you how to organize a mutiny., Francis thought. Other than that, it
couldn't be better...
Hickey had reported to him twice thus far, and he had an impressive array of stories about the
petty concerns of his crewmates, but as far as Francis knew, they all could've been made up
on the spot.
Francis also noticed that Hickey had refrained from talking about his own thoughts in any
capacity, and Francis so far had no idea who among the crew he was actually friends with.
"Nothing is the matter. I'm just... in a bad mood.", Francis said to Hickey.
"Understandable, Captain."
Francis eyed him. "Have you ever broken anything, Mr. Hickey?"
"No, but a... friend of mine.", Hickey said.
Francis indicated with a nod that he should go on.
"He broke his arm. He had a job at a tin factory, as it happened. Lost his job, of course.
Starved."
This was the most personal thing Hickey had ever said to him, though it could've been a
complete fabrication as well. However, Francis didn't think it was. Hickey had known
extreme poverty, that much Francis had already guessed, even as they'd still been on the
ships.
Francis hadn't had a wealthy background either, as a solicitor's son, but that was still miles
from the kind of existence Hickey had probably experienced.
He'd known what it was like to starve, way before they had ever walked over King William
Land. It had probably hardened him, but also made him clever at survival.
Francis had to think of rats, also very clever in that way. There had been many on the frozen
ships, even on Erebus, which had Fagin to temper them. They had been eating the corpses of
the dead.
"I see.", Francis said. "Did you have many friends like that?"
"Friends who worked at factories?"

"Friends who starved.", Francis clarified.
Hickey blinked. "To be honest, sir, yes I did. It was no fault of their own, they were as
hardworking as any man, it's just that life sometimes deals a difficult hand."
"And how do you feel about the hand you've been dealt?"
"I'm very privileged, being part of this expedition, sir."
Francis nodded. Of course he would say that, but perhaps he wasn't even lying. Francis
doubted that Hickey had signed up because of any burning desire to see the Arctic or have
some kind of adventure. He had signed up because compared to the life he had known once,
serving on a ship was easy business.
There was food, there was a place to sleep, and the pay was good, even for a mere caulker's
mate.
No one at home had calculated what this expedition would become.
The silence between them was becoming uncomfortable, and finally Hickey broke it, saying:
"Now, what shall I tell Commander Fitzjames?"
"That I wish to speak to him. In person. Dinner at the latest. Dismissed."
Hickey nodded and smiled that strange smile of his, then turned to go.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
James was late for dinner. This anomaly was enough to make Francis feel terribly nervous
after a while of waiting.
He remembered the words he had almost blurted out in sickbay, and the sentiment behind
them, which James couldn't have seen. But what if he had? What if he was repulsed now,
disgusted even, at Francis's forwardness?
Francis regarded his food. It surprised him that he didn't have much of an appetite in this
reality, when food was so scarce in the other.
It did feel relieving to eat, and he had to take care not to wolf down his portions, but the
enjoyment of it had been taken from him.
Perhaps it was the fact that he was eating ever-dwindling resources, perhaps it was just a
strange side-effect of his situation.
Finally, James arrived. "I'm sorry.", he said. "I was busy trying to get us through the ice. It's
getting thicker and thicker, and there was a discussion about using explosives to bust it all
open, and also-" He stopped, really looking at Francis the first time.
Francis indicated at him to go on.

"Mr. Blanky is all but saying it's his professional opinion that we should turn back."
"Thomas knows what he's talking about.", Francis agreed.
He didn't exactly know how to proceed with James. He wanted to know what exactly had
happened with Sir John, so he could find a different solution.
And then there were all these... personal things between them, that were becoming
exceedingly convoluted.
He still tried to tell himself that he regarded James as a mere friend, but a part of him knew
he was only lying to himself.
He had no comparison for his feelings for James, except maybe Sophia, yet that only made it
worse, not better.
"I'm sure we will get ahead with little trouble.", James said, reminding Francis of the bigger
problem at hand.
"Are you?", Francis asked.
James fidgeted with his cutlery. "I really hate that you did this to me, Francis.", he whispered.
"It was all so much easier before you talked to me, before you ruined everything with your
melancholic doomsday prophesising-"
Francis felt anger rise in him and cut James off: "It was nothing of the sort. And there lies
your first mistake, really, in believing that anything in the Arctic is easy! Do you think I'm
warning you for the fun of it? I actually think we're in danger, James! Mortal danger!"
"Then why doesn't Sir John see it?", James said desperately. "He is our leader, he should
know-"
"I can't speak for Sir John's mind, but I know he's wrong."
"And where do you take that certainty from, Francis? Your own experience? The sundogs in
the sky? Or is it simply your wish to not only die on your own, but to drag this entire
expedition with you?"
Francis felt like he had been punched in the gut. It was true, when he'd signed up a part of
him had longed to die, and since he hadn't cared about his own life, he had barely given any
thought to the crew.
Worries that did come could be easily drowned in whiskey, and he had efficiently planned
that if his supply ran out, he would take his pistol and shoot himself in the head.
It had been James who had helped change his mind, James who had confronted him.
"Earn it.", he'd said, and Francis had listened.
Not at first -at first he had punched James in the face-, but after a time.

He'd done it for the men, finally realising how he had failed them before, and what he owed
them now.
"How dare you accuse me of wishing such a thing!", Francis said once he could speak again.
It had been a while since he'd been angry like that, and he had to admit that most of that
anger was directed at Sir John, but Sir John wasn't here.
"Really, James, you haven't the slightest about the situation we're in, and moreover, you don't
care. As long as you can lick the boots of Sir John, why should you? Well, you can have your
promotion while you are freezing to death and dying of hunger and scurvy, I'm sure it will be
a comfort to you!"
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Francis hated himself for them. He viscerally
thought of James's death, and that lifted the anger quick as sand.
James, for his part, looked like Francis had slapped him. "So finally we see your true face.",
he hissed after a pause. "I'm sorry I ever invested anything in trying to get along with you.
Clearly you really despise me."
Such words from someone Francis had almost told he loved him went down like bitter
medicine.
James stood up, throwing his cutlery on the plate.
"I find I don't have an appetite anymore, nor any wish to spend time in your company. Good
night."
~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Thanks for reading, and happy holidays <3
Leave a comment if you want to make my day ;)

Chapter 8: James
James did everything he could to avoid Francis in the next days, and thankfully Francis didn't
summon him.
He felt absolutely awful about their fight, though.
If he should be angry at anyone, it should Sir John, he knew. But he couldn't be angry at Sir
John, because Sir John was his superior and all of their leader.
He thought of Francis's words to him, cutting with precision of a scalpel.
"Really, James, you haven't the slightest about the situation we're in, and moreover, you don't
care. As long as you can lick the boots of Sir John, why should you? Well, you can have your
promotion while you are freezing to death and dying of hunger and scurvy, I'm sure it will be
a comfort to you!"
The mention of scurvy had been a conincedence, Francis couldn't have known about James's
horrible dream, but it had been the thing that tipped him over the edge.
He knew that he had stormed out with barely more grace than a child, yet he couldn't stand
Francis's presence a second longer.
He had gone back and forth over the question if Francis actually cared about him. Mere days
ago, he had been sure of Francis's disdain, but ever since Francis had started acting so
strangely, James had been tortured by a kind of hope that was harder to bear than the
previous, assured dislike.
The way Francis looked at him... And what he'd said, in sickbay, it had all sounded sincere.
However, a part of James couldn't believe it. It wasn't simply affection Francis seemed to
regard him with, but love.
Even thinking it seemed ridiculous, yet it was what James had seen in his eyes.
He had been almost relieved when Francis had said what he had, because at least something
made sense again.
James was back to being Sir John's pet poodle, and Francis hated him again. Wonderful.
Though it also hurt. James realised, as he tossed and turned in his bunk that night, that he had
never simply disliked Francis. He had wanted to impress him from the first, try to turn his
bitter comments into ones about genuine admiration.
When that hadn't materalised, he had enjoyed annoying Francis, almost daring him to hate
him.

There had also been the fact that James had had the feeling that Francis somehow knew him
most intimately, or at least his secrets.
That certainly couldn't have been true, or else Francis couldn't have conceived of this strange
regard for him.
Or else, could Francis have known James put on an act and didn't judge him for it?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James was naked, spread out in creamy sheets, bathed in a golden glow. Despite his nudity, it
was warm, hot, even.
Francis was kissing his neck, running his hands down his hips as they moved together in a
passionate embrace.
James couldn't think how he had ended up here, only how right it felt, how he longed for
Francis's touch.
Francis kissed further down his neck, his lips featherlight, too soft. James wanted him to
leave bruises, and he pressed himself against Francis with a whine.
"Francis, please...", James moaned.
Francis chuckled, not unkindly. He left off James's chest to kiss his lips again, and James
grabbed his head and ran his fingers through his hair.
Their skin was warm, sticking together with sweat.
Hunger was burning inside James, he was so aroused it almost hurt, he wanted Francis,
every part of him, wanted, wanted...
As they kissed, James felt Francis's hand on his hips like a brand.
He tasted blood in his mouth. Francis drew away, to lick a path downwards, and James saw
his own body, suddenly frail and thin. Bruises were blooming everywhere Francis had
touched him.
The hunger was beating in his stomach, the taste of blood and rot in his mouth.
Francis kept kissing him, and every brush of his lips hurt, yet James didn't want him to stop,
for he knew he was dying, and Francis's touch was the last thing he wanted to feel before
everything went dark...
~~~~~~~~~~
Once more, James woke up in Lieutenant Hodgson's bunk, unable to breathe. Something was
different, but James only registered it dimly as he tried to force air into his lungs.
He fumbled for light and the looking glass again, checking for blood in his hair.

His own wide-eyed, fearful face hurt to look at, and with a sigh, he sat back in his bunk
again.
He was also still half-hard, another remnant of the dream, he supposed. Dear God, had he
really imagined him and Francis...
....Fucking, his mind supplied.
Great, that was sure going to make their already strained interactions so much easier...
Perhaps there had always been a part of him that found Francis vaguely attractive, and
Francis's new kindness towards him had flattered him, there was no question of it.
But currently, they weren't talking, and James would be damned if he were to moon after
Francis like... like Francis mooned after Sophia Cracroft, he supposed.
Furthermore, everything about this was ill-advised and dangerous.
James only had to think back to last Sunday Service on Terror, where Lieutenant Irving had
read the Ship's Articles as per usual, which of course included: If a man commits sodomy with
another member of the crew, that man shall be put to death...
James had had that one hanging over his head practically his whole life, and in his experience
the adherence to the rules varied depending on the ship, the environment of the crew.
He had been lucky, he supposed, in meeting Dundy, who shared his inclinations and
continued to do so, even when he was engaged to be married by now.
James decided to push down any tender... feelings for Francis, even though he knew it wasn't
that simple.
The nature of the dream had really hit the nail on the head, for somehow his fears were also
tied to Francis, and James couldn't shake the feeling that Francis had something to do with
these nightmares, completely preposterous as it was.
James had been so lost in thought that only now he realised what was so strange; the ship
wasn't moving.
~~~~~~~~~~
James didn't need to get up on deck to see that they were stuck in the ice, yet he did it
anyway; as it was, it was time to get up.
As he looked at the sheets of ice surrounding them, dusted with snow, James had the strange
urge to laugh. Of course Francis had been right, of course...
Mr. Blanky and Lieutenant Little were both looking at him, avaiting orders.
James tried to see if there was any judgement in their gazes, but there was only genuine
worry, which made James feel bad for looking in the first place.

"Retract the ice anchors.", James said. "Fix our position, Mr. Blanky. I'll go and inform the
Captain."
He knew he couldn't send someone else, not with this. And he deserved every uncomfortable
feeling he had about it, because he hadn't done more to prevent this.
Francis was already awake and dressed, breakfast before him, though he wasn't eating.
He looked at James with barely disguised anguish, not rage, which made James feel even
worse.
He cleared his throat. "It appears we're stuck in the ice. Part of it, now."
"Really?", Francis said. He sounded tired.
"We avait your orders.", James replied stiffly. "I already told them to pull up the anchors and
fix our position-"
"James-"
"-and I thought after the men have eaten we should pull the tarp up and prepare the engine for
winter-"
"James!", Francis said so sharply that James winced.
He stopped, looking at Francis. They stared at each other for a beat, then both began to speak
at once.
"Francis, I'm sorry-"
"I shouldn't have-"
"You first.", James said after a pause.
The ghost of a smile appeared on Francis's face. "I shouldn't have spoken to you the way I
did. I was frustrated with the situation, not with you."
"I wouldn't blame you if you were frustrated with me, as well.", James said. "I'm sorry for
questioning your motives, when clearly we were right to worry. Part of me just thought-" He
stopped again.
Francis indicated him to go on.
James sighed. Well, Francis already believed him to be beholden to Sir John in all things, so
it hardly mattered.
"I just wanted to believe Sir John, I really did. And he has the most Arctic experience out of
all of us, so I thought- I thought he was right. And you... the way you act, I don't quite know
what to think when it comes to you."

"Is it so hard for you to believe that I only want the best for all of us? For you?", Francis
asked desperately.
There it was again, Francis emphasizing his strange affection for James, and James felt his
treacherous heart beat faster.
"I do believe you.", James said. "Again, I'm sorry."
Francis nodded. "Perhaps it's time for us to get to know each other better, so you may know
my mind.", he said carefully. "You will be here for the next weeks at least, I would say that's
ample opportunity to spend some time together."
Francis Crozier, who had always taken the opportunity to remove himself from any kind of
company as soon as possible, was offering him an olive branch!
If James still wanted to get to bottom of this, he should take it. And despite being stuck now,
he still knew there was a mystery to be solved.
Francis fainting away in the middle of their first argument, terrifying as it had been, was part
of it, he was certain. Of course, it was advantageous in a way that Francis had interrupted...
whatever they'd been doing with Francis's hand on his chin and his voice so low, talking of
trust...
But that was exactly why part of James hesitated now. He thought of his nightmare,
especially the first part that really hadn't been a nightmare at all.
Francis above him, bathed in golden light, pressing their lips together, thrusting against
James's hip with his great big"James?"
James looked up, pushing his thoughts down with firm determination. Christ, this really
wasn't an indicator that he should get to know Francis better, if he was having fantasies like
that already!
It rather meant that he should stay as far away as possible from Francis Crozier, who loved
another, and even if he didn't, James would've known if there were... whispers about him.
"I would very much like that.", James said, inwardly cursing himself.
Francis looked relieved, then gestured to the table. "Sit down, have breakfast with me. If you
want to.", he added hastily.
James replied that he would, opened the buttons to his coat and took his cap off. Francis
watched him, and James felt heat in his cheeks for some reason.
That blasted dream!
James remembered it too, in very graphic detail, which was both unusual and unwelcome.

The awkwardness between them was a least broken a little when Francis called in Jopson to
set a second plate.
"Will we prepare for winter the same as at Beechey?", James asked when they started eating.
"Mainly, yes. Though this is a much more perilous situation, as we are trapped in pack ice
this time."
James nodded. "We need to make sure the ships don't get crushed."
"Exactly, though there is in reality not much we can do about that."
They ate in silence for a few moments. James grasped for a subject of conversation, but
somehow it didn't feel right to talk about mundane distractions in this solemn moment.
"Has Erebus been signaling?", Francis asked.
"I'm sure she has by now. What shall I say for you if I'm summoned?"
Francis shook his head. "Absolutely nothing. Sir John has eyes, he can see what happened.
Even better than me, trapped under deck that I am."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It turned out that Sir John would walk over to meet them, in this instance, because of
Francis's leg.
James didn't get much time to spend with Francis after breakfast, as he helped pulling the tarp
up and readying the ship for winter.
He also did his best in reassuring the men, especially after he saw Thomas Blanky studying
the ice with a deep frown on his face that could portend nothing good.
James wondered how Francis and Sir John would meet, but he doubted that there would be
any explosive confrontation or the like.
It was neither Francis's nor Sir John's style, after all.
James watched them approach from across the ice in the company of Little and Irving.
"He's bringing George.", Irving said after a gaze through the telescope.
"All the Lieutenants, I should think.", Little said.
"But those are decidedly more people than just the Lieutenants.", James gave to consider. "I
don't need a telescope to see that."
Irving's face brightened. "Maybe he wants to conduct a Divine Service on Terror!"
A pregnant silence met this.

"If he does, maybe we'll be spared the Ship's Articles next Sunday.", Little murmured.
"What have you against the Ship's Articles?", Irving asked. "It's important every man knows
them by heart. Even though I would like it a bit more biblical than that, it is very wise of
Captain Crozier to have them read."
"Well, I already know them by heart, and I can't help but think that the endless repitition of
them is not making the men more obedient, but bored of them.", Little said.
Irving considered. "What is your opinion on this, Commander Fitzjames?"
"I can't say, really."
Between Sir John pontificating and a reading of the Ship's Articles, James would choose the
Ship's Articles every time, for the simple reason that that was over more quickly.
Sir John was a gifted speaker, that was true, but James couldn't take much pleasure in his
sermons, for various reasons.
Not that the Ship's Articles were any better in that regard, and James did wonder why Francis
liked so much to have them read.
Otherwise, he didn't seem more strict than the average Captain, and in his personal
interactions with the crew, some of which James had witnessed at this point, he didn't seem to
do things solely by the book, but brought a more human element to his judgement.
James couldn't know if this was a recent development, for not too long ago, James had been
convinced that Francis shut himself off from his duties with a glass of whiskey always in
hand.
"I haven't been on the ship long enough to see how the crew's discipline is affected.", James
explained to Little and Irving. "Say, do any of you know why Francis chose the Ship's
Articles for Sunday service?"
Perhaps James had misjudged Francis. Perhaps he liked to hear "if a man commits sodomy
with a member of the crew or a member of the ship's livestock, that man shall be put to
death" every week, because he thought that was justice.
Irving and Little exchanged a look, fleeting, but James caught it.
Irving cleared his throat. "Captain Crozier knows the value of discipline, and order, and he
wants every man to live by the articles, not just in body, but in spirit as well."
When Irving walked a few steps toward the railing, Lieutenant Little inclined his head
towards James and muttered: "Just between you and me, the reason is convenience, nothing
else. In front of us, the Captain doesn't pretend otherwise, so I thought it would be alright if I
told you."
James nodded, hiding his relief. "That can't sit well with Sir John, though."

Little looked at him with dismay. "Are you going to tell him that?"
"Not at all.", James hurried to assure him.
The last thing he wanted the crew of the Terror to think was that he was Sir John's spy, and
really, James was living proof that Sir John didn't need to know everything.
James eyed Little and wondered if he too had had the privilege of hearing the "pet poodle"
comment, if he maybe even was Dundy's mysterious source.
However, James was very certain at this point that Hodgson was the one who informed Le
Vesconte, Little being far too loyal and Irving being too stuck-up. As for the rest of the crew,
James hoped that Francis had enough of a handle on himself not to make such comments in
their presence.
James thought that Dundy and Hodgson must get along - they all knew each other from the
Cornwallis but only vaguely in James's case, though he had still championed Hodgson's
appointment to this expedition.
He was there to greet Sir John when he arrived with a good portion of the rest of Erebus's
crew, apparently everyone who could be spared.
The mood was subdued, with the exception of Neptune, who was excited about all the new
strangers on his ship. When Bridgens hugged Harry Peglar in greeting, Neptune jumped up
the steward's leg and nearly caused him to lose his footing.
"That means he likes you.", James told Bridgens.
"Neptune remembers you because you kept sneaking him bits of food under the table last
year at Beechey.", Peglar said with a laugh.
"Well, he is such a good boy, aren't you?", Bridgens replied, scratching Neptune behind the
ears.
James smiled and turned away to give Bridgens and Peglar some semblance of privacy in
their reunion.
As it was, Sir John was demanding his presence at his side.
"I will give Divine Service on Terror today.", he said. "Do you think Francis can make it on
deck?"
"You'll have to ask him that."
"James!", Dundy called. "How I missed your ugly mug on Erebus!"
James grinned and pulled his friend into a hug. Ever since James had earned the epithet
"handsomest man in the royal navy", Le Vesconte liked to tease him this way.
It made James feel maudlin, now, thinking as he did about the hard winter ahead.

"Let's proceed to the Great Cabin.", Sir John said.
Francis was sitting in his usual place, his leg propped up, and bent over a map. He looked up
when they all entered, Sir John, James, Mr. Blanky, Dr. Stanley, Dr. McDonald and the
Lieutenants Gore, Le Vesconte, Hodgson, Irving and Little.
It was cramped, and indeed James was glad Mr. Reid had stayed behind to oversee the
preparations on Erebus.
Sir John sat down next to Francis and beckoned James to sit next to him, but it turned out that
Sir John had left too much space between himself and Francis and so James ended up
between them.
A supremely awkward position James couldn't help but see as a symbol of his discomfort.
Francis acknowledged him with a nod, then consulted the map again.
After some shuffling around everyone was quiet and looking to Sir John.
"Gentlemen, I won't mince words. We have a hard winter ahead. We have fixed our position
as carefully as possible, for we expect to move with the pack. That needn't be a bad thing, as
Mr. Blanky can attest."
"Aye.", said Mr. Blanky. "When I was serving on the whaler Pluribus, we got stuck into
Baffin Bay. With the pack ice, we drifted seven hundred miles south until we reached the ice
line and could sail to safety."
"But this is the absolute best case scenario.", Francis, ever dutiful, put in.
"Aye.", Mr. Blanky said again. "I don't know this ice, sir. This isn't like the Lancaster Sound,
which I know like the back of my hand, and pardon me for saying, the composition of this ice
worries me."
"How so?", Sir John asked.
"Pack ice is always tricky. And our position, with Arctic Canada to the south, King William
Land to the southwest, and Boothia peninsula to the northeast, may prove... problematic in
the future, when it comes to the ice flow. I have a feeling we're in for trouble."
Lieutenant Gore cleared his throat. "With all due respect for your feeling, Mr. Blanky, you
yourself say that you don't know this ice. It could very well be that we're out by next summer,
the passage that much closer."
"Very true.", Sir John said. "But even if Mr. Blanky is right, there is hardly much that we can
do about it now. What I want to discuss are our plans for readying for winter."
In the following discussion, James didn't contribute much, though he had already been part of
similar meetings at Beechey.

As it happened, he had talked a great deal in those, and only later realised that he had
sprouted complete nonsense that likely had only been indulged and then quietly discarded
because of his high position.
Francis had watched him with annoyed bemusement, he was sure.
"James, I want you to continue to stay on Terror and help where you can. After all, Erebus is
only a short walk away now.", Sir John said toward the end. "Lieutenant Hodgson, I give you
the choice of returning to Terror, if you like."
"Thank you, sir.", Hodgson said.
"There is another matter.", Dr. Stanley put in.
"What is it?"
"My assistant surgeon, Mr. Goodsir, has raised some concerns over our canned provisions.",
Stanley said. "Somehow, he has gotten the idea that they are...
tainted. Poisonous, even."
"Hm. And there is merit to this theory?", Sir John asked.
"I can't say.", Stanley replied. "Mr. Goodsir is convinced of it, but I have my reservations. He
has some curious notions that aren't at all English, in my opinion, and seems overly excitable
on the whole."
James was saddened that Stephen and Goodsir didn't get along, though not surprised. Goodsir
lacked the traditional values Dr. Stanley lived by.
James didn't know what his own relationship with him would be, had Dr. Stanley not saved
his life at Zhenjiang.
"Perhaps Mr. Goodsir should consult with Dr. McDonald on this, as he seems to be the expert
on tinned provisions.", James suggested.
Dr. McDonald nodded. James would like to pick his brain about what was wrong with
Francis, but that wasn't possible, of course.
After he had fainted a few days ago, James had entertained the notion that perhaps Francis
was being so nice to him because he was dying of some mysterious illness, yet surely Dr.
McDonald would be more alarmed if that were true.
"That's an excellent idea.", Sir John said. "Even if it's nothing, anything about our provisions
is worth investigating, of course."
Something about all this made James pause, but he couldn't rightly figure out what.
He turned his head to look at Francis, but Francis was staring at the map again. James
remembered Goodsir's cryptic remarks to him on Erebus, though he had thought they
pertained to the nebulous medical issue Francis had.

James hoped that Francis had at least told Dr. McDonald what was going on during his
examination.
It was only during Sir John's Divine Service that James remembered what Francis had said to
him during that fateful dinner days ago.
Francis was wrapped in his slops, sitting on a chair with his leg propped up next to Sir John,
a glare fixed on his face.
Sir John's words were ringing over everyone's head as they stood crowded together on
Terror's deck, fidgeting to keep warm.
For this sermon, Sir John had chosen the story of Job, a particular favorite of his as James
knew from their shared Bible readings.
Part of James thought that it really was convenient to chose a story that had as a moral that no
matter what you did, God's mercy and grace was a absolute.
But if it invigorated the men, he was not going to complain.
"And Job said: the Lord has given, and the Lord has taken away, blessed be the name of the
Lord..."
James looked at their faces, by chance spotting Goodsir next to the stone-faced Dr. Stanley.
What if this business with the tins had to do with Francis as well?
James let his gaze drift to the man in question, who was doubtlessly freezing, and also paying
as much attention to Sir John's words as James was.
"And if thaw doesn't come then? If we're stuck in the ice indefinitely, our resources
dwindling, the resources we do have spoiled, and all of us getting more ill and less sane each
month, what then?"
The resources we do have spoiled.
Was that just a conincedence? Or had Francis noticed something wrong with the tins, and
then, for whatever reason, outsourced the problem to Goodsir? Or, more likely, had Goodsir
simply shared his worries with Francis? But why would he do that?
James again had the uncomfortable feeling that something was going on that he didn't
understand, and it wasn't just an intriguing mystery he could solve for fun, but a deeply
serious issue that threatened the very existence of this expedition.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James didn't get a chance to speak to Goodsir before Sir John's party left for Erebus again,
there was just too much to do, but he reasoned they were now just a short walk apart.

He went to Hodgson's cabin and spotted The Complete Works of Shakespeare on his table.
Maybe it was a sign that he should enact his previous plan.
Determined to do so, he went to dinner with Francis.
"So you found the book you wanted.", Francis remarked when James set the volume on the
table and sat down.
James nodded. "I thought we could read it together.", he said casually.
"Read Shakespeare? Why?"
"For fun, Francis. I know this is a foreign concept for you, but you might try to enjoy
yourself."
Francis considered. "As long as you don't expect me to act."
"I'm sure you'll get into it.", James said with a smile. "What did you think of today's
sermon?"
"Do you want an honest answer?"
James had only asked for the honest answer. He wanted to know how Francis regarded Sir
John now. Sir John, who hadn't once admitted that he had been wrong, who acted as if it was
the fate of God that they were stuck now, rather than his own poor decision making.
"Of course.", James said.
Francis sighed. "I know the story of Job is particular favorite of his, and I suppose it is rather
telling of his character. And perhaps... it shows his flaws rather aptly as well.", he said
carefully.
James took a bite of salted meat and chewed. "How so?"
"Sir John views himself as Job. He lives a blameless, devout life, and he believes that any
hardship that befalls him is just God testing him, and in the end he will triumph for keeping
his faith in the Lord."
"And you believe this sort of view is dangerous and short-sighted, bordering on hubris.",
James said. At Francis's surprised expression, he added: "I do pay attention to what you say
to me, even when I don't agree."
Francis gave him a brief smile. "It's not just bordering on hubris, I think. It is hubris, plain
and simple. The Arctic doesn't care if you're devoted to God, and it doesn't listen to your
prayers as you freeze or starve. Mistakes aren't proof of our faith, they might kill us all
instead."
James had to say that he agreed much more with that line of thought than Sir John's, but he
was also ashamed of having followed Sir John so loyally despite this in the past.

Not just followed, he thought. Ingratiated, flattered, sucked up...
"What would you have given the sermon on?", James asked. "And don't say the Ship's
Articles."
"What have you against the Ship's Articles?", Francis echoed Irving.
"Nothing. I just want to know what you would give a sermon on, I suppose. The Ship's
Articles don't count, because you just read them as they are."
"That's exactly why they are the best subject.", Francis maintained. "They are powerful
enough to stand on their own."
"Are you afraid of public speaking? Or simply lazy?", James teased. He couldn't help
himself.
"What are you hoping to accomplish with these asinine questions, Fitzjames?"
Francis sounded amused despite himself.
James pretended ignorance. "Why, to get to know you better, like we agreed. What else
would I want?"
Francis eyed him up and down. James felt a hot shiver down his spine.
"What else indeed..."
James cleared his throat and looked at his food, trying his very best not to remember the
dream.
"You know what?", Francis began. "I'll tell you what I would give a sermon on, if you tell me
what you think of Sir John. Honestly."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 9: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"You know what? I'll tell you what I would give a sermon on, if you tell me what you think of
Sir John. Honestly."
Francis supposed that was inane enough a question. What he really wanted to ask James was
more along the lines of: Would you be interested in helping me remove Sir John from
command at all costs?
The truth was, since they were stuck in the ice, Francis had no idea what to do next. That is,
he knew what had to happen, but how to get there was a complete mystery to him.
There was part of him that still didn't want to contemplate the reality of what he had to do.
Maybe, if he thought about James's death again, and that of the others, Jopson's ravaged face,
maybe then he would get himself together.
But today, he had needed to keep a straight facade, without melancholic despair. It wasn't all
bad: Yes, they were stuck, but James was talking to him again.
He hadn't made a move to speak to James before, because he didn't want to smother him with
his worries. It all had to be handed delicately, so James stayed sympathetic to his cause.
Also, Francis was a little stumped on how to handle all the personal tension between them, he
freely admitted to himself, if no one else.
After he had first met Sophia, he had been feeling much the same way. It was her who had
guided him through their conversations Francis otherwise would have had no idea how to
continue. When he was alone, he found himself going endlessly over what he'd said, berating
himself for not being wittier, cleverer, more agreeable.
With James, he had similar thoughts, but they were overshadowed by his potent fear of the
horrible future awaiting them.
James eyed him carefully. "You're not trying to get me to talk ill of Sir John, are you?"
"I simply asked for your honest opinion.", Francis said. "I won't betray your confidence, if
that's what you're worried about."
"Somehow, I'm not.", James replied thoughtfully. "But as I said, I don't know if I- if I can
trust you. I wish I could, but..."
Francis wondered when during their tumultuous relationship he had earned James's trust. It
must've happened, after all, James had trusted him with the secret of his past. He had trusted
Francis to end his life.

Oh, how that thought hurt, like a splinter in his heart.
"It's just a question, James. I'm not asking you to leap into the ocean blindfolded.", Francis
said. "Or to help me kill a man."
James gave a nervous laugh. "I should hope not. But you're my superior officer. And he is
too. It's not just a question, it's a test. And I'm not sure I want to take it."
Francis hadn't considered that element, just as he hadn't considered James and himself as
anything else than equals for the longest time. Of course, James had been his Second even in
the other time, but the necessities of survival, the direness of their situation, had soon
eradicated all differences of rank between them.
"I don't mean to put you on the spot. I just wish to know what you think, because surely you
have seen that we might need to convince Sir John of certain... facts together, and I would
know your mind about him."
James nodded slowly. "Alright. Sir John. I greatly admire him, of course. What he has
achieved in the Arctic alone is monumental. Moreover, he is a good man. There was never
any malice in our interactions."
"But?"
James fiddled with his fork and cleared his throat. "Why would there be a 'but'?"
"Forgive me, but your words indicate there is."
James stared at him, his eyes wide. Complete silence engulfed them, the ice was temperate
today.
"He cares about appearances.", James whispered at last. "More about them than the truth.
And he doesn't know, doesn't care to know, what might upset his worldview."
James sighed as if he had just performed a great labor, then smiled.
"There. Is your curiosity satisfied, Captain Crozier?"
"Do you care about appearances?", Francis asked, trying to make sense of the significance
behind James's words.
James shook his head. "You owe me an answer first. So tell me. What would your sermon be
on?"
On the whole, Francis had always thought of Sunday Service as an onerous duty, and he
supposed the whole ship knew it. But talking to James now, Francis wondered if he might be
missing an opportunity.
He remembered Hickey's mutiny very well, and aside from keeping an eye on Hickey, he
might do other things to prevent it from ever happening.

One of those would be to be a better leader to his men in the first place, to inspire their
loyalty and bind them to him through showing that he cared.
He had shut himself off to drink for far too long, and Sunday Service might be the key to
winning at least the trust of his crew; and since the mutineers, to his shame, were mostly
made up of Terror's men, it could prove invaluable.
He doubted he would reach Hickey with this (with what in God's name one could reach
Hickey he was still not clear on), but maybe some of the others.
"You know what?", he said to James. "I'm going to give you my answer, in the form of my
sermon next Sunday. We're done with the Ship's Articles for now."
James looked surprised, and he smirked. "Admit it: you have no idea on what to hold the
sermon on."
Francis raised an admonishing finger. "Yet.", he maintained.
They finished their meal in companionable silence, though it quickly made Francis overthink
things again.
Had he pushed too far, asking James his opinion on Sir John? But surely he needed to start
somewhere, in case he was going to ask him much worse later on.
No, I must deal with Sir John on my own., Francis thought. I can't drag James into this. If it
can be helped.
He still had the vague hope that the poisoned cans might sway Sir John, and Goodsir seemed
to be close to results, thank God.
After they were done eating and Jopson had cleared the plates away, James yawned.
"Are you for bed?", Francis asked.
"Oh, don't think you can get out of reading Shakespeare with me like this!", James said,
rubbing his hands together.
"Must we?"
"We must.", James stated resolutely.
The truth was, Francis was actually looking forward to this, and his resistance was more for
show.
It drove him up the walls, keeping his leg still, and the last days without James's company
had been absolutely dreadful. Jopson had offered to read to him, but Francis wanted to give
his stewart at least semblance of time ot himself between helping him with dressing, using
the chamber pot, and bringing him things.

He had conferred with Edward, but they had never been two for inane chatter to pass the time
and mostly stuck to ship's business.
Of course, there was Thomas, yet he had been busy with the ice situation.
Also right now, everyone was busy with the ice situation, and Francis hated that he couldn't
help. He certainly wouldn't have suggested something like reading Shakespeare to James,
who he didn't want to cheat out of much needed rest.
When he said so now, James made a dismissive gesture. "I'm not too fond of sleep these
days."
"Why that?"
"Nightmares.", James said with a shrug.
Francis felt a pang of sympathy. "I know what that feels like."
James gazed at him strangely. "Really? What do you dream about? If you don't mind me
asking."
Francis was caught by the haunted look in James's eyes, the flush to his cheeks. There
seemed to be a non-verbal conversation going on that Francis couldn't decipher, and before
he knew it, he was turning red as well.
Too late he realised that James might interpret that as his dreams being somehow illicit and
improper.
As it was, he didn't really want to tell James about his dreams, dreams that weren't dreams at
all; all of them starving, dying, being torn apart by the creature, themselves and the cold.
Their endless march into nothing and James, James seizing to breathe under his fingers.
Francis cleared his throat. "Weren't we going to read Shakespeare?"
"Of course, of course.", James said, pulling the book close from the edge of the table like a
life line.
He was sitting across from Francis, at a polite distance, but now he stood up and approached.
"I thought we could each read a part.", he said. "And since I don't believe you have a comedic
temperament, I chose a tragedy. Not too tragic though, I don't want to sink your spirits
further."
"Which play is it?", Francis asked.
"Julius Caesar.", James announced. "Do you know it?"
"I know of it.", Francis said.

His education had been substantial enough, though Francis knew it was nothing to brag
about. He remembered reading some of Shakespeare's plays and finding them tedious, mostly
because they didn't seem to come to life under the eyes of his strict teachers.
Julius Caesar though hadn't been one of them.
"It's about Caesar's assassination, isn't it?", Francis asked.
He remembered dimly that James Ross had once seen a production and told him about it.
"Exactly.", James said. "I actually performed in it, on the St Vincent.", he added proudly.
He looked ready to give another performance right now, standing there in the low light.
Francis recalled his friend's rendition of the plot, and frowned. "Is that the right play for that
sort of environment? As I remember, Caesar's murder isn't necessarily condemned by the
play."
James nodded. "It's a bold choice, to be sure. Though you could say that the murderers are
justly punished by the end of the play. As it was, our Captain, implicitly trusted his first
Lieutenant, who played Brutus. And Cassius had to make sure he was as evil as possible."
"And Cassius is...?"
"Brutus's friend, who convinces him to murder Caesar. You'll see.", James said. "Let's get
started!"
Curious, Francis inquired: "Who did you play? Caesar?"
James gave a fetching little laugh. "No one quite so important, I'm afraid. Remember, I was
only a midshipman."
"Who then?", Francis asked, genuinely interested.
James cleared his throat again. "Calpurnia, Caesar's wife."
"Ah.", Francis said, suddenly picturing James in a dress and finding the idea powerfully
attractive, so he quickly surpressed it. "And she is...?"
"Mostly worried for Caesar. She tells him not to go to the Senate on the Ides- the day he is
killed, that is." James grinned. "I got to fall to my knees before the second Lieutenant, who
played Caesar, and beg him not to go."
"That must've been quite the fetching sight.", Francis said, aiming for mocking, but he
sounded a bit too breathless for that.
James's grin deepened. "Perhaps I'll do it again if we get to that point in the text."
Francis felt his throat dry, a part of him warning that this was dangerous territory. The nature
of his regard for James was already confusing enough, what he didn't need was James on his

knees before him!
"Let's see about that.", Francis said, willing himself be calm.
What happened next was that James seated himself directly beside him so they could both
look into the book, and Francis tried not to feel flustered by his proximity.
He remembered Sophia in Van Diemen's Land, always seating herself a little too close next to
him and near driving him mad with it.
Oh yes, he was comparing James and Sophia again, but he could hardly stop himself at this
point.
Meanwhile, James seemed to be in a great mood, and once he had found Julius Caesar in the
assortment of plays, told him to read a certain Marullus.
"It's just the first scene.", James murmured, almost whispering into Francis's ear. "You'll get
used to it."
When he retreated, James's hair brushed Francis's neck, and Francis shivered. He had to force
himself to focus on the play as James started to read.
"Hence! Home you idle creatures, get you home? Is this a holiday? What, know you not,
being mechanical you ought not walk upon a laboring day without the sign of your
profession? Speak, what trade art thou?"
James affected a voice Francis suspected he would use to write up some poor crewman for
disobedience, but before Francis got used to it, James read the next character in a completely
different tone.
"Why, sir, a carpenter."
There was a pause. Only when James looked at him questioningly did Francis realise that he
was supposed to read.
Francis cleared his throat and started: "Where is thy leather apron, and thy rule? What dost
thou with thy best apparel on? You, sir, what trade are you?"
In yet another different voice, James answered: "Truly, sir, in respect of a fine workman I am
but, as you would say, a cobbler."
James had told Francis that he wasn't supposed to act, yet it felt very strange to just read the
lines while James was putting on such a performance.
The anger with which Francis read his next sentences was more due to this than him
genuinely representing his character, who also happened to be angry.
They went back and forth for a bit, until Marullus went into a speech about why Caesar
shouldn't be celebrated, and Francis at this point was practically spitting his words.

Realising, this he stopped, and James looked up from the page at him.
"You're doing marvelously!", James exclaimed. "Go on!"
Francis was just about to tell James where he could stuff his stupid bard, when he saw the
unadulterated joy shining in his eyes. Well, if it would make James happy... And Francis did
enjoy his proximity, even flustered as it made him feel...
"... The lifelong day, with patient expectation, to see great Pompey pass the streets of
Rome...", Francis continued, haltingly at first, but after a moment, he found himself warming
to the words and pressed on with more ease, putting all his anger into the speech.
There was something liberating about it, that was of no doubt.
When they were done with the scene, James grinned at him.
"That wasn't so bad now, was it?", he said.
"It's tolerable, I suppose.", Francis replied stiffly.
James eyed him, considering. "You've never acted before, haven't you?"
"Not in that way, no."
"How do you mean?"
Francis decidedly did not want to talk about his melancholic tendencies with James
Fitzjames. Well, he didn't want to talk about them with anyone, really.
But something about their companionship, sitting so close together, did invite those sort of
confessions.
"I feel like I'm acting, I suppose, every time I go to a dinner of the Admiralty, or any sort of
social function.", Francis said. "It's why I detest such things."
"You like being yourself, then?"
"I don't know how to be anyone else. I don't want to be anyone else. But I imagine it's
different for you."
"Why?", James asked.
Oh, right. James had told Francis about the circumstances of his birth, his need to put on an
act, in the other time. Francis cursed inwardly. He could hardly tell James that he knew, now.
"Because you like to act!", Francis said quickly. "And got a talent for it too, clearly."
James looked relieved for the briefest second, before he covered it up with a smile.
"There are many different kinds of acting, I should say. Acting for the stage, Francis, is not
the same as acting in front of the Admiralty. I think you've got a talent for the former too, and

a taste for it."
Francis gave a gentle scoff. "Now, now, let's not go so far as that. I consent to reading more
Julius Caesar with you, for the moment. That is all."
James's smile deepened, became more genuine. There were sitting so close that James
could've rested his head on Francis's shoulder; as it was, the brush of James's arm against his
own drove Francis to distraction.
"Then let's continue!", James said. "The next scene is with the main characters, hm..." He
looked at Francis, considering. "I would love for you to read Cassius, I think the role would
fit you..."
"The role of the villain.", Francis said, sceptical. "Of course you would say that."
"You know, there is a question whether Cassius actually is a villain. So it appears to me, at
least."
"Because he has honorable motives?"
"And because he loves Brutus.", James explained, eyes glowing. "Of course, if you put on
this sort of play for the crew of a ship, there can't be any question whether Cassius is evil.
Our third Lieutenant, he made a great show of it. I think the ship's boys were afraid of him
for weeks. But when I read the play on my own..." He trailed off, thoughtful.
"Hm." Francis considered James. "Then I will read Cassius. But I do wonder what your
Captain was thinking, putting on that play in the first place."
James shrugged. "He was bored, we were stuck in port, and he liked the play."
James agreed to just read all the other parts except Cassius.
Francis's heart stopped a moment when it was Calpurnia's turn to say one line, and James
pitched his voice high and said breathlessly: "Here, my lord."
Then came the soothsayer, telling Caesar to beware the Ides of March, and James read him
with a gasping old man impression that was fairly impressive, but all it did was remind
Francis of James, frail and dying in the boat, and he was glad when that was over.
When everyone left and only Cassius and Brutus remained, Francis needed a moment to
gather himself and focus on what he was reading.
"Brutus, I do observe you now as of late. I have not from your eyes that gentleness and show
of love as I was wont to have. You bear too stubborn and too strange a hand over your friend
that loves you.", he said.
James shifted in his chair so he could look at Francis; he glanced briefly at the book, but else
kept himself focused on the other's face as he said, in a kind, assured voice: "Cassius, be not
deceived: if I have veiled my look, I turn the trouble of my countance merely upon myself.

Vexed I am of late with passions of some difference, conceptions only proper to myself, which
give some soil, perhaps, to my behaviors..."
Was James really going to look at Francis the entire time while they were sitting so close?
Francis had a hard time pretending indifference, and an even harder time focusing on the text.
It was soon becoming clear that Cassius was trying to convince Brutus of Caesar's tyranny,
recruiting him for his cause. Brutus seemed to be seeing his point, but he said multiple times
that he loved Caesar as a friend.
Something about all of this spoke to Francis, but he could not say what, busy as he was
reading and trying not blush for James's intense expression.
He was drowning in James, his closeness, the vibrancy with which he read his lines. On one
occasion, when James said "But wherefore do you hold me here so long? What is it that you
would impart to me?" Francis imagined pressing his lips to the pulse point on James's neck,
tasting the skin there, that he would've dropped the book, had his hands been holding it, as he
realised what he was thinking.
As James finished, Francis tried to get his breathing under control and just read the next lines,
forgetting that James was sitting beside him.
It started to occur to him when he got to Cassius's words "we can both endure the winter's
cold as well as he" what was bothering Francis about the text.
The things Cassius said about Caesar ("I was born as free as Caesar; so were you. We both
have fed as well, we can both endure the winter's cold as well as he") were all similar to what
Francis had thought of Sir John, when he, in his head, had tried to convince James to see his
folly.
Francis kept reading, almost in a trance after that; he recounted Cassius saving Caesar from
drowning in the Tiber, which was supposed to show that Caesar was a weak man, Francis
thought, then the remark "he doth bestride the narrow world like a Colossus, and we petty
men walk under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable graves"...
It made Francis think of the lives Sir John's hubris had cost them. The part about Caesar's
name being no more honorable then Brutus's reminded him of everyone on this expedition
and the onerous belief that Sir John's life was worth more than theirs; simply because he was
Sir John Franklin, the leader, the hero of the Arctic.
Francis had believed in title and rank as much as any man before the expedition went wrong;
he had never liked the system, knowing that it didn't like him either, as an Irishman and a
drunk, but he had played its games.
Now he realised that after what he witnessed in the other time, he didn't believe in anything
distinguishing one human being from another anymore.
Everyone died the same, and every death was just as bad as another's.

Rank was just a shallow frippery designed to keep things orderly, but it was all a lie.
Francis was shocked to think this, but at the same time, he realised he had been believing this
for a while.
And it was also a belief, he saw, that he had now in common with Cornelius Hickey.
It was all too much, these thoughts, and when he read his final line to Brutus and Caesar
returned, Francis leaned back and said: "I'm sorry, James, but I find myself weary. Could we
stop for today?"
"Of course.", James replied. "I did notice your thoughts seemed to be elsewhere."
"I was thinking of the play.", Francis said. "It's... interesting. Very interesting, indeed."
"So you like it?", James said, cautious hope in his voice.
"I do. Thank you for suggesting this, it was really a great idea. But I need to turn in. The
words on the page don't make sense to me anymore."
"Then you must sleep!", James agreed. "We will continue tomorrow?"
Francis didn't know if he wanted to subject himself to this sweet torture a second time, but he
didn't have it in him to disappoint James.
"We will.", he promised.
James stood up and made a motion to grab the book, but Francis held on.
"I would like to read some more in it on my own, tomorrow. I have little else to do, anyway."
James nodded. "Good night, Francis.", he said with a smile. "Enjoy your reading."
"Good night, James."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Yes, I might be a fan of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. Yes, I might use it shamelessly to
move the plot of this story along. I promise though it will lead to some interesting
revelations...

Chapter 10: Francis
Francis didn't wait until morning to read. After he was settled in his berth, another sleepless
night was looming, as he couldn't relax his thoughts.
There was the fact that he couldn't ignore anymore how James affected him, though he made
a valiant try of it.
And of course, the ever present issue on what to do about Sir John. Francis wanted at least to
be able to stand up and pace the room in his frustration, but that wasn't possible.
He stared at ceiling of his berth, thinking about the pistol under the bed, and his dream of
killing Sir John with it.
It made him nauseous, and was finally what caused him to reach for the Complete Works of
Shakespeare on his table.
Bathed in the light of the illuminator, he started to read where he and James had stopped.
Even though he knew the outcome; that Caesar was to die, he was caught up in the plot by
the time he read the scene where Cassius recruited Casca in the rain.
Then he was surprised by the swiftness with which Caesar died; some part of him had
erroneously thought Caesar's death wouldn't come until the end.
The aftermath was no less interesting: it was the end of Brutus, Cassius, and their grand plan
to restore the Republic.
Francis wasn't surprised at this point that his sympathies at this point lay more with Caesar's
assassins then his avengers. Perhaps it would've been different before.
Francis thought back to James Ross, telling him of the play, which in turn caused him to think
of his dear friend and how he missed him.
What would this James have advised him to do in this situation?
To save as many lives as possible, he thought.
As it was, Francis already knew that Brutus and Cassius would fail, but he still found himself
invested in their plight.
By the time he got to their heated argument in Brutus's tent, he wasn't looking at his pocket
watch to check the time anymore, or hearing the bells.
He was exhausted, yet he couldn't stop reading.
Brutus's and Cassius's argument got increasingly vicious, and as soon as Cassius said "You
love me not", Francis had the realisation that this argument read strikingly similar to a lover's

quarrel.
All his doubts in that regard were banished when Cassius pulled out his dagger and offered
Brutus his heart to take out.
"Oh, I could weep my spirit from mine eyes! There is my dagger and here my naked breast;
within, a heart dearer than than Pluto's mine, richer than gold: If thou bes't a Roman, take it
forth. I, that denied thee gold, will give my heart..."
Francis felt heat in his cheeks, as if he was reading some illicit text, and not simply
Shakespeare.
He remembered James saying that Cassius loved Brutus. He had of course thought that James
meant they loved each other as friends, innocently, but what was written here made the
confessions he'd delivered to Sophia in his day pale in comparison.
"Do you confess so much?", Cassius said. "Give me your hand!"
Brutus: "And my heart, too."
Cassius: "Oh, Brutus!"
Francis cleared his throat in embarrassment, even though there was no one there to see him.
Meanwhile, Brutus and Cassius drank wine in their reconciliation, and Cassius said: "I
cannot drink to deep of Brutus's love."
This caused Francis to slam the book shut in his lap, feeling like a student caught making
rude drawings in his books.
It wasn't simply the words; it was the images they inspired in his mind he wasn't able to stop.
Images that weren't just of Brutus and Cassius, but him and James as Brutus and Cassius.
He remembered James's proximity when they'd been reading, what he'd been thinking,
pressing his lips to James's neck.
He imagined it again now, couldn't help himself. Reading these lines with James, them
drifting ever closer to each other.
James's warm skin under his lips, how he would gasp at the first contact, then moan when
Francis sucked a bruise onto his delicate neck.
James's quickened breath in Francis's ear, his hands reaching for him, stroking at his sides;
and finally, their lips connecting when Francis would raise his head.
These weren't thoughts one had of a brother, Francis was aware.
Especially not when Francis realised he was hard, his erection tenting his small clothes.

Francis was greatly surprised by this; when had still been on his whiskey, his cock had barely
risen; and later, the stress of their situation had prevented this state rather effectively.
And now...
Francis didn't think, didn't pause to consider as he fumbled with his small clothes and drew
his cock out.
He didn't try to think of anyone else but James; James in his arms; James naked before him.
He imagined that perhaps they would argue over some finer point of the ship's schedule,
James's eyes glowing with passion...
Until Francis, his leg unbroken, would take James by the shoulders and ram him against the
wall, and then they would be kissing, consuming each other's mouths in heated desire.
It would be clumsy; Francis was out of practice, and their haste would cause their teeth to
clack together and their legs to sway.
Still, James would moan into his mouth and reach for his hips, and as they kissed, they would
rub their clothed erections against each other.
In his bunk, Francis started to stroke himself and pressed his lips together.
He had done it with men before, in his youth; some fumbling in dark cabins and the like, but
he had been relieved to grow out of that sort of thing, or so he had believed.
Perhaps it had never gone away, and he had simply found it safer to focus on women when he
could.
But in this moment, all he could think of was James.
Francis wondered how he would be; confident and cocky, or rather needy and desperate...
"Francis.", he would say in a pleading voice. "Please, touch me..."
And Francis wouldn't be able to deny him anything in that moment...
He imagined James thrusting into his fist as he frigged himself, James moaning into his ear,
writhing in his arms.
Francis bit his lip to keep quiet and upped the pace of his hand.
Thanks to them sitting so close together before, Francis knew how James smelled, a mixture
of clean wool and some kind of hair oil -he also knew James's scent when James had been
dying, disease and rot and blood, but he was not going to think about that, by God he wasn't...
Francis wanted to worship James, to make him feel his love for him, and so in his fantasy
Francis dropped to his knees.

Francis imagined the pull of James's fingers in his hair, the sounds he would make as he
thrusted into Francis's mouth with abandon. And Francis would welcome it, would do his
best to open his throat and swallow him down, and finally James would hiss his name again,
and then Francis would taste his release on his tongue.
It was the image of James, face contorted in pleasure, cock still in Francis's mouth, that sent
Francis over the edge, and he spilled himself over his fist in one long burst, moaning against
his hand to keep quiet.
~~~~~~~~~~
Francis woke the next morning, head blessedly empty, to a busy ship. They would have to put
down the masts today, he thought, or else it would be near impossible to walk on deck for bits
of ice falling down from them.
Normally it would be him, Harry Peglar, and Lieutenant Little who would do the bulk of the
work, but now he supposed James would take his place.
It was the thought of him that made Francis flush in shame, remembering what he had done
last night.
He threw an angry look at the Complete Works of Shakespeare on his table. It was that
blasted Julius Caesar play that had brought this out!
...though he had to admit, "this" had been building for quite a while, and it wasn't just some
momentary fit of madness.
In fact, it explained very well why he was so attached to James, and so damn nervous in his
presence sometimes. Why he had almost told him he loved him in front of Dr. McDonald.
Why his death had somehow been worse than all the others, if that was even possible.
Christ, Francis had a problem now, because he was in love with James bloody Fitzjames.
Two years ago, he would've seen that as reason enough to shoot himself on the spot, he was
sure.
As it was, Francis closed his eyes, took a few deep breaths, and called for Jopson.
The mess yesterday he had wiped discreetly away with the washcloth, though reaching for it
had been quite difficult.
To stay in practice, Francis mostly dressed himself while Jopson stood beside him to assist.
Francis decided he would practice walking with the crutches Mr. Honey had made along with
the walking stick today, as he had enough of being carried everywhere and desperately
needed to do something physical.
Once he was settled in the Great Cabin, Lieutenant Little entered to discuss the day's plans
with him.

"Commander Fitzjames walked over to Erebus today for some unspecified errand.", Edward
explained James's absence.
Francis felt relieved to hear that, as it would give him time to gather himself before he saw
James.
Time to school his thoughts and try not to blush like Juliet seeing her Romeo when he came
in, to use a Shakespeare reference.
"Winter is upon us, Frank.", Thomas said when he entered later. "There are going to be
storms soon, and I wouldn't advise anyone to pass between the ships if the wind is blowing a
hundred miles an hour, bringing hail and ice with it."
Francis nodded. "I need you to examine the ice, Thomas. Examine the ice and see how likely
it is that thaw will come in spring."
"What do you bloody well think I've been doing for the last days?", Thomas said.
"Sometimes you just have to wait and see, with ice. It's not like we're going anywhere, is it?"
"Thomas...", Francis began, lowering his voice even though they were the only ones in the
room. "If thaw doesn't come in spring, what would you advise we do?"
Thomas considered him. "Well, if the ice doesn't crush the ships, we might still have a chance
to get out next year. Or perhaps the ice will move us to safe waters."
Francis sighed. It was reasonable, but he needed to convince Thomas that they had to
abandon the ships. A lot was won when the Ice Master said a certain plan needed to be
carried out.
Francis also thought of Thomas's own words in the other reality.
You have to abandon the ships as soon as possible, if you get stuck in the ice. And there is no
way in hell that Sir John is going to sanction that.
"Francis, are you alright?", Thomas asked. "No more... fainting spells?"
"No more.", Francis said. "Dr. McDonald thinks it is just epilepsy."
"Just epilepsy?", Thomas repeated. "I have a cousin in Brighton who almost died from a
seizure, epilepsy is nothing to joke about."
"Well, I feel right as rain.", Francis assured his friend.
"How are you getting along with Fitzjames?"
Francis's eyes narrowed, and his heart started to race despite himself. "Why?"
"I heard that you're reading Shakespeare together.", Thomas said with a grin. "I'm honestly
thinking he might've needed to blackmail you with something to convince you of that."

"Nothing so nefarious.", Francis mumbled.
Thomas looked at him knowingly, and Francis had the urge to hit him.
"You've always liked Fitzjames, haven't you? You wouldn't have gone on and on about him if
you didn't."
"I was complaining about him, Thomas.", Francis said, hoping his friend would drop the
subject.
"Obsessively, Francis. You talked at length about his hair. His hair." Thomas wiggled his
eyebrows. "And then he made you faint-"
"That did not happen!", Francis insisted.
"I have been wondering why you're acting so strangely, but now I know-"
"Stop it.", Francis said. "That's an order."
Thomas grinned. "Alright. I think he's good for you, by the way. You're better without the
drink, too."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis managed to limp with his crutches into his berth and get the book, though he couldn't
carry it back to his place in the cabin as both his hands needed to carry the crutches, so he did
call for help.
Jopson was apparently busy, and so Mr. Gibson came in to help him.
After he had put the book on the table, Gibson cleared his throat.
"If I may- I have a question, Captain."
Francis, busy scrabbling with the crutches, grunted his approval.
"I've just heard that Mr. Hickey is reporting to you, sir."
"That he is."
"I was just wondering- wondering if he is in any trouble, sir."
Francis stopped his labored progress to his seat and looked at Gibson. "You and Mr. Hickey
are friends?"
Gibson nodded. Aha...
"He's not in any trouble. I'm just interested in the progress of the crew."
Francis made a mental note to engage Gibson in a conversation about Hickey's character
without seeming too crazy at some other time and sent him away.

After Gibson had left, Francis sat down and reached for the Complete Works of Shakespeare.
He wanted to get to the end of the play, and also find out if the scene in Brutus's tent read the
same way during day hours.
Francis found that it did, Cassius's words were no less passionate, nor Brutus's response
proper, when he sat here dressed and read it.
What Francis noticed more starkly, though, was Cassius's burning jealousy of Caesar, as
evidenced by his last lines when he offered Brutus his heart: "Strike, as thou didst at Caesar,
for I know, when thou did'st hate him worst, thou lovd'st him better than ever thou lovd'st
Cassius."
It made him pause and consider his own regard for Sir John. He wouldn't say he was jealous
of their leader, but there was definitely some resentment involved that fitted Cassius's regard
for Caesar well...
Francis remembered his early dislike of James, obsessive as it apparently had been, had no
small amount to do with the fact that Sir John liked him, that he was apparently just the kind
of man Sir John would approve of, different from Francis.
And now... now Francis was in love with James, something that would certainly drive Sir
John up the walls if he knew, and not just because he doubtlessly found love between men
sickening, but because James was again not worthy of Francis's affections in Sir John's eyes,
just like Sophia.
But then, Sir John didn't know that James was baseborn, not that it mattered, Francis thought.
Certainly not to him.
Francis read on until the end of the play. Brutus's and Cassius's forever and ever farewell
before the battle struck his heart, and Cassius's death soon after was even worse.
The sheer waste of it, committing suicide because he thought a won battle was lost was
something Francis couldn't get over.
And of course, when Brutus came to grieve over Cassius's corpse, the last of all the Romans,
Francis had to think of James's death again.
Him dying had been no less tragic, though under drastically different circumstances.
He had sympathies with Brutus, having to go on despite his lover's death, with all the
responsibilities for the men under his command.
Quickly, Francis read Brutus's end (and that of the play) as well, his suicide after the lost
battle a foregone conclusion.
That reminded Francis of his own coveting of such a death for the longest time, even longer
than he could admit it to himself.

Even after he'd sobered up, the only thing that kept him going had not been the joy of living,
but his duty to the men.
Only on the long walk had Francis realised how precious, how valuable the gift of life was,
even his own.
He didn't want to die, as he saw how everyone around him was dying and what a horrid
business it really was.
Francis shook his head to clear it of all the misery, and slammed the book shut on Antony's
soliloquy of how Brutus had been the only honorable man among the assassins.
There would be no soliloquy for Francis if he died, there had been none for James.
Just the wind, the cold, and the endless rocks of the landscape would bear witness...
"Francis!"
James's voice yanked him out of his reveries, and Francis had only a moment to compose his
expression before the man himself burst into the room, closely followed by an ecstatic
Neptune.
"You won't believe what Sir John-" James stopped and stared at Francis. He was wrapped in
his slops, and his reddened face was the only part of him that was visible.
"What happened? Are you alright?", James asked.
Apparently Francis hadn't been as good at schooling his expression as he thought.
"Fine.", Francis said grouchily. "What did Sir John do?"
James's gaze fell to the book in his lap. "You're reading the play? Do you not like it?"
"I like it a lot. It's just..." Francis sighed. "The ending doesn't exactly lift the spirits, does it?"
To his surprise, James looked happy at that. "That's exactly how I felt.", he said. "It seems
you don't think Brutus and Cassius are villians deserving their punishments, either."
Francis didn't trust himself to reply, and just put the book on the table.
James started to get out of his many layers, hanging his clothing on the wall, while Neptune
wagged his tail and was petted by Francis.
"So you already got to the end? Did you read everything or have you skipped ahead?"
"Everything.", Francis said.
"Antony's speech? The triumvirate?" James paused. "The fight in Brutus's tent?"
Francis remembered pleasuring himself to thoughts of James yesterday after reading that very
scene, and quickly pushed the memory away as not to look even more incriminating.

"Yes.", Francis forced out. "All that."
James fiddled with his buttons, and it appeared to Francis that he was deliberately taking his
time out of embarrassment.
Suddenly, Francis had the realisiation that perhaps James was very aware of the homoerotic
undertones of the play, and it wasn't just Francis's perverse imagination that had conjured it.
Why would James have showed him the play, then, and asked after that specific scene?
Maybe to tell Francis something, maybeDangerous thought.
He needed to keep in mind that James didn't have the same memories of their relationship,
and indeed, merely two days ago they hadn't been talking at all.
When James was finally done and stood before Francis in just his uniform, both of them
stared at each other for a beat.
"So, Sir John...", James began when Francis didn't say anything. "I asked him if, now that we
are frozen in, he might be inclined to put on a Shakespeare production for Christmas..."
"I shudder at the thought.", Francis said, who already believed simply reading Shakespeare
was a difficult task for various reasons.
James tutted. "Don't be a spoilsport, Francis. I wouldn't have suggested Julius Caesar,
anyway. A comedy, perhaps, like Much Ado About Nothing, or Twelfth Night..."
"I do think that Sir John was horrified at the idea.", Francis put in.
"Well, he wasn't pleased.", James allowed. "He said we have much work to do regardless of
being frozen in, like magnetic readings. But!"
"Yes?"
"Well, isn't it true that Captain Parry started a tradition of throwing a Grand Venetian
Carnivale while frozen in?"
Oh no. Francis hadn't ever liked the idea of such a thing, but after the Carnivale in the other
time, with the flames and burning flesh, James and nearly the whole crew depressed and
traumatized afterwards, had decidedly put Francis off the taste forever.
"That is true.", Francis allowed, stopping himself from saying anything further.
"We-ll, you're not going to believe this, but Sir John actually had crates with those old
costumes and masks packed, in case we want to put one on!"
"Wonderful.", Francis sighed.

James stopped to regard him. "The might of your enthusiasm really is hardly bearable,
Francis.", he deadpanned.
"We're not here to put on a bloody costume show!", Francis shot back. "Our situation is
serious, deadly serious-"
James held up a hand. "I know, Francis, I know. It's why I'm suggesting this, actually.
Something to keep the minds of the men in good spirits, so we can bear it should things get
much harder."
Francis felt it broke his heart a little, to have James come to the same conclusions just a year
early. On the other hand, perhaps that showed that Francis had reached him.
"And so Sir John allowed you to put on a Carnivale?", Francis asked.
"Oh, I think I still need to convince him a little. He just said the costumes were there, not that
we're allowed to do anything with them."
Thank God for small mercies, Francis thought.
There was a knock on the door, and Edward appeared.
"Commander Fitzjames, we were thinking of starting to take the masts down. Would you
assist, in place of the Captain?"
"Of course.", James said, eyeing his clothing. "Well, I guess I should get dressed again."
"Be careful.", Francis told them. "Especially you, James. You've never done this before, so
heed the instructions of Lieutenant Little and Mr. Peglar."
"You've already said that.", James replied as got his slops back on.
"Still, if there's already ice clinging to the rigging, I don't want you to-"
"I've watched it being done on Erebus!", James protested. "You don't need to fuss over me,
Francis."
Was that what he was doing? There seemed to be a small part of him that longed to lock
James in so he would be safe, not that that would help their issue in any way.
"Report back to me at regular intervals.", Francis still ordered. "Actually, get Mr. Hickey and
have him keep an eye on your progress, so he can report back to me!"
Edward nodded. "Yes, sir."
"What is it with you and Mr. Hickey?", James asked. "Why do you always have him report to
you?"
"That's none of your business.", Francis said curtly, in a voice that brokered no argument.

James, however, seemed to find something suspicious in his tone, because his eyes narrowed
as he glanced at Francis.
Francis very much did not want to explain to James and Edward that they had a future
mutineer on board and so told them to get to their task.
He felt bad about being so short immediately afterwards though, and so he weakly gestured
to the Complete Works of Shakespeare and asked: "I'll see you tonight, James?"
James gave him a strained smile. "Of course."
~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 11: James
Chapter Notes

This turned out long! Anyway, I wanted to take this moment to thank you all for your
nice comments, kudos, etc.! I'm also DreamsofArachne on tumblr if you wanna come
and hang out :)
Also also, content warning for a discussion about suicide in this chapter

One thing James quickly realised was a problem was being preoccupied while pulling down
the masts of a ship.
The task required one to be careful, especially with the frozen rigging. They had to work
together as a team, Little, Peglar, and him, so they cut precisely the right lines and lowered
the masts down carefully.
The issue was, James had quite a lot on his mind, and so he often felt his thoughts drift.
After he had almost cut Harry Peglar's hand with the axe, James firmly told himself to pay
attention, and it worked a little better.
Perhaps it had been a mistake, reading Julius Caesar with Francis. James certainly hadn't
expected that his favorite play would lead to so many latent emotions bursting to the surface,
though in hindsight he really should have.
James had fallen in love with Julius Caesar the minute he had read the fight scene in Brutus's
tent, though he had already liked it before then.
Of course, when he said that Cassius loved Brutus, he meant it in a romantic way; for him,
the two conspirators had always been lovers, and that interpretation meant a great deal to
him.
It hadn't been his intention to share it Francis; in fact, he had counted on the homoerotic
subtext flying entirely over Francis's head. After all, that had happened with the entire ship's
company of the St Vincent.
Now, James wondered if perhaps others had read it this way back then and they just hadn't
said anything.
It was just so obvious; Cassius's pining for Brutus, their desperate attraction to each otherCaesar the obstacle between them, even after his death.

He could already tell that this would lead to awkwardness between him and Francis - James
didn't want to imagine how they would read the tent scene together without him expiring
from embarrassment.
Thankfully, there was still a major chunk of the play to get through, and perhaps Francis
would put his foot down sooner or later.
It still saddened James, he had enjoyed them reading the play together and he believed that
Francis, in his grudging way, had liked it as well.
What had also irritated James and kept his thoughts busy was whatever nebulous business
Francis had going on with Mr. Hickey, especially since Hickey was leaning against the railing
and watching them, occasionally stomping his feet to keep warm.
He did lend a hand if they needed him, otherwise he went downstairs to report to Francis at
regular intervals.
It was just that James couldn't imagine what significance the caulker's mate could have to
Francis, save something... improper.
It was unlike Francis, yes, and somehow James didn't even believe it to be true, but once he
had thought of it he couldn't get it out of his head.
And the way Francis had dismissed his questions definitely made it seem like there was
something going on that he didn't want anyone to know.
What if Francis had Hickey service him in a most... unlawful manner?
James found the thought horrifying for multiple reasons, starting with the gross abuse of
power that represented -even though James himself was technically above Le Vesconte in
rank, that would be small beans compared to this- and this being an example of the very thing
men like James were accused of when they were discovered - using their rank to deviously
seduce the ones below them and lead them into sin.
James knew he had to put a stop to this if it were true -threatening to tell Sir John everything
would do nicely- but was it true?
James wasn't sure, and it didn't help that he was far from an objective observer in this.
He had tried to squash his blossoming attraction toward Francis, yet he could at least admit to
himself that suggesting to read Julius Caesar with him had been pure folly where that was
concerned.
The dreams he had didn't help, either. He couldn't quite call them nightmares, though they
always ended that way, not when they started with him and Francis in increasingly passionate
embraces, Francis's rough hands on his bare skin, Francis sucking him off, Francis inside of
him, for God's sake!
And then, the disease and the rot, the pain in his limbs, him dying...

He remembered other details, too, the landscape of endless barreness, some kind of monster
stalking him and the men, Hickey with a noose around his neck -whatever that signified in
the grand scheme of things- and Francis there with him, always Francis there with him.
James didn't know what was wrong with him. He suspected a great many things were at this
point.
So what if he wanted to have just a little fun, a small piece of normalcy?
And it would be good for morale, too. Unfortunately, Sir John didn't seem to be as enamored
with Shakespeare as James, but the idea of a Carnivale also had things to recommend it.
He suspected the greater task would be to stop Francis from completely blocking the venture.
However, James was kind of relieved that Francis did seem his old self at least in that regard.
It was again, a bit of normalcy.
There was also the fact that James couldn't dismiss Francis's worries anymore, and lacked the
means with which to explain Sir John's cavalier attitude.
Preoccupied with all that, it was a miracle he didn't let the masts fall on Little or Peglar.
Or on Mr. Hickey, he thought viciously.
James found that after observing him closely he didn't like Mr. Hickey, despite the perhaps
abusive situation the caulker's mate was in.
However, Hickey's entire attitude seemed very unlike that of a victim, James thought.
He sauntered around on deck, was quick to smile and even quicker to talk back, and James
wondered if he kept that up with Francis.
Perhaps Francis liked to have someone to punish, someone he could dress down and order to
do anything to him...
Bad thought, especially since it made James feel an uncomfortable mixture of aroused and
disgusted. He really wasn't the right man to get involved in this, but who else would do it?
Should he just confront Francis about it? He would deny it in either case, but perhaps James
might still have clarity.
Yet this all could just be James's own inverted imagination, and Francis would surely not
appreciate being accused of such a thing by James, of all people. Or anyone.
Finally, James decided to talk to Mr. Hickey first, though he very much didn't want to do that,
either.
Despite being so distracted, there was a real sense of accomplishment when they were finally
done, and no one had slipped and fallen through icy rigging or gotten beheaded by a falling
mast.

The Terror looked amputated, poor girl, but James knew as well as anyone that taking down
the masts was an important process for the crew to get through the winter unscathed.
At some point during their work, Mr. Bridgens had come over, and he and Mr. Peglar were
now happily discussing the letters of Seneca.
"Mr. Hickey, a word if you please.", James said to the caulker's mate who was in the process
of slipping away below decks in the company of Mr. Gibson.
It was dark already, but the weather was comparatively mild.
Gibson looked worried, yet readily turned away to give them privacy.
Once he was a semblance of alone with Mr. Hickey, James realised he had no idea how to
broach the subject. Hickey looked at him questioningly, saying: "Yes, Commander?"
"Captain Crozier has been singling you out, lately.", was what he settled on.
"Yes, I've been very fortunate.", Hickey said, and James winced internally.
"Do you have any idea... why you've been so fortunate, Mr. Hickey?"
Hickey crossed his arms. "Maybe the Captain just likes my company, sir."
James really didn't like the smug look on the other's face, but he knew this had to be handled
delicately. "I didn't mean to accuse you of anything.", James hurried to assure him. "I'm
merely asking you... if there was any event, any reason why Captain Crozier would favor
you, when he hasn't before?"
"With all due respect, you didn't know how it was before, with you being on Erebus, sir."
James saw now that he should've asked other crewmembers about this before going to Hickey
himself.
"So the Captain has always liked you?"
"I wouldn't say that, no."
Hickey was eyeing him in a calculating manner, obviously trying to puzzle out James's
motive. Or he already knew, because Francis was abusing him, fucking him- Dear God.
"Mr. Hickey,", James began, putting a hand on the smaller man's shoulder. "You know you
can always come to me, should there ever be... any kind of issue between the Captain and
you."
Hickey stared at him as if he had just suggested he strip naked and jump off the railing,
though he quickly schooled his expression.
"Of course, sir."

"Naturally, this is Captain Crozier's ship, and he can discipline his crew how he pleases, but
nevertheless, I would offer myself as arbitrator, should there be anything untoward he asks of
you.", James continued, hoping to project confidence and a sort of fatherly concern, though
Hickey couldn't be much younger than him.
"Untoward?", Hickey repeated with a frown.
"Aye, untoward."
James was not going to elaborate, because he had a feeling that he and Hickey both knew to
what he was referring.
"Pardon me, sir, but it seems to me that you are questioning Captain Crozier's motives, not
mine."
Oh, this Hickey was too smart by far.
"I'm absolutely certain that Captain Crozier's motives are beyond reproach.", James forced
out.
Hickey's head bumped into James's, because they were huddling so close together. James
quickly straightened a little.
"Then why are you talking to me, sir?", Hickey asked.
That was a good question.
"Merely to make sure everything is in order, as it were.", James said.
Hickey nodded, but didn't say anything else, either to reassure or alarm James. He also
looked like he was trying not to laugh, which could mean that he found James's mere notion
of an affair ridiculous, or that he was feeling secure and like he could sneer at James from his
position as Francis's... Pet? Mistress?
"Dismissed.", James finally told him, and Hickey walked back over to Gibson.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Whatever Hickey had told Francis of their progress, the Captain of the Terror still expected
James to make a full report in detail.
Francis's mood had taken a downturn again, and it soured further when Dr. McDonald
appeared to examine him.
"I see you've been exercising with the crutches.", the doctor said. "That's very good, though I
hope you won't have another one of your fainting spells while you're walking with them."
"I'll give you privacy.", said James. "I'll return for dinner."
"And Shakespeare?", Francis asked, deliberately casually.

"Of course."
James went up on deck again, but quickly retreated, because it had started snowing heavily.
We're truly at the end of the world., he thought.
In this moment, he couldn't believe anyone else was out there but them, though he had
informed himself about the Netsilik people.
James wondered if they would meet any this winter, but why would any of them venture out
onto the frozen sea?
At dinner, Francis apologized for being short with him and was otherwise courteous, which
made James feel a pang for thinking so low of him.
It still didn't eradicate his doubts, though.
They settled in for Shakespeare, James with a glass of wine as Francis assured him it was
alright.
Perhaps James should keep his wits about him in this situation, but it had been a long day and
he wanted unwind.
"You haven't told me yet what made you quit.", James said, feeling that maybe they had
enough of an rapport now so he could ask such a personal question.
Francis looked thoughtful, though not offended. "You know, in the beginning, there was just
the thought that one day, the supply of whiskey would run out. I've already drunk all the way
through Beechey, after all."
"But you must've already known that was a possibility at the beginning of the expedition.",
James said.
"Aye, I did.", Francis replied. "I had a plan, of sorts."
"And that was?"
Francis gazed at him and said: "When my whiskey ran out, I was going to shoot myself in the
head."
James stared back, shocked. "Jesus, Francis...", he muttered, not knowing what else to say.
"I don't mean to startle you. It's just the truth."
James cleared his throat. Francis was still calm, so strangely calm for the horror they were
discussing.
"And... what stopped you from carrying out that plan?", he asked.

"A certain someone talked sense into me. That and the thought of my responsibilities as
Captain. I want to get all of these men home, not for them to die in this frozen wasteland."
"Eminently reasonable.", James said, wondering who that "certain someone" was.
God, what an utter prick I've been!, James thought, remembering how he had disliked Francis
because of his melancholic temperament.
Why, because he hadn't been fun to be around?
Meanwhile, Francis had been certain that he would kill himself, and instead of thinking to
help him, James had been utterly horrid to him.
"I'm so sorry.", James rasped. "Had I known... even as I didn't, I shouldn't have treated you
the way I have. I hope you can forgive me."
"There is nothing to forgive.", Francis replied.
James waited for him to say more, but he didn't. James stopped himself from apologizing
again for good measure.
How long had it been since Francis had reconsidered, anyway? His strange behavior had
started mere days ago, but surely it had been longer than that, hadn't it?
Francis certainly talked like it had been.
There was a pause. Francis fiddled with the lamp on the table.
"Shall we read on?", he finally suggested.
James nodded, then considered. "If you don't mind reading a text where the main characters
commit suicide- I'm sorry, I didn't think-"
"It's completely fine.", Francis said. "As it is, I already got to the ending. And my situation
was different than theirs, of course."
Is it?, James mused. Brutus and Cassius died because they had been defeated, because it
would've been impossible to go on living.
Had Francis been feeling this way? Had perhaps his rejection through Sophia Cracroft been
to him what Cassius had experienced with Pindarus on the hill?
The thought hurt, and James tried to get it out of his head, as he also did with the whole
Hickey situation- now was decidedly not the time to bring that up.
"So, Caesar's train rejoins Brutus and Cassius.", James said, as Francis looked for the correct
page.
James sat down next to Francis again so they could both look into the book. He had noticed
that his proximity made Francis nervous, and that in turn made James nervous as well, or

perhaps more giddy as he was hyperaware of every movement Francis's arm made against his
own.
Now, it just felt awkward. James kept thinking he should say something more in light of
Francis's confession, but he didn't know what.
"I'll read Cassius again.", Francis suggested. "And you can be as theatrical as you like with
the other characters."
When James didn't respond, Francis asked him if everything was alright.
"Never better.", James said, forcing a smile. "It's just..." He sighed, then took Francis's hand.
Francis looked at him, surprised.
"If you ever feel like shooting yourself again, you tell me.", James insisted. "I don't want you
to suffer alone, Francis. I want to help you."
Francis's eyes widened as his fingers brushed over James's palm.
"Yes, James.", Francis finally said. "I will tell you. I promise."
"Good.", James replied, relieved.
He didn't really want to draw his hand back, but he knew he had to, and so he did.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They did end up reading further in Julius Caesar, and slowly James relaxed a little.
He found himself grinning madly when he spoke Caesar's line "Yond Cassius has a lean and
hungry look; he thinks too much, such men are dangerous", eyeing Francis up and down.
Francis gave a laugh at that, and the tension between them seemed broken.
However, during the next scene, Cassius recruiting Casca in the rain, their countenance
turned more thoughtful. James had didn't remember much about this scene in particular, even
though he had read the whole play multiple times.
Francis was reading Cassius again, and despite what he himself would say, Francis cut a fine
figure in his role, his voice turning passionate yet also restrained at intervals.
James could imagine all the repressed attraction for Brutus simmering below the surface at all
times, which did terrible things to his heart, but was breathtaking to watch.
"For my part, I have walk'd about the streets, submitting me unto the perilous night, and thus
unbraced, Casca, as you see, have bar'd my bosom to the thunder-stone, and when the cross
blue lightning seem'd to open the breast of heaven, I did present myself even in the aim and
very flash of it."

James had a vision of Francis on deck of the Terror in the midst of a terrible Arctic storm,
staring stoically into the flashing night, every inch the Captain.
It made James lightly tremble inside, and he was struck dumb, forgetting to follow Francis's
delivery up with Casca's: "But wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens?" until the pause
stretched between them and Francis looked at him questioningly.
James was so moved by Francis's speech that he didn't think to consider Cassius's soon
following words until they were out of the other's mouth: "I know where I will wear this
dagger then; Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius: therein, ye gods, you make the weak
most strong; therein, ye gods, you tyrants do defeat..."
Perhaps it hadn't been the best decision to make Francis read a passage about how a person's
ability to commit suicide was their greatest strength after he had just admitted to wanting to
shoot himself in the head not too long ago...
James cringed, and wanted to say something, but Francis continued: "...Nor stony tower, nor
walls of beaten brass, nor airless dungeon, nor strong links of iron, can be retentive to the
strength of spirit; but life, being weary of these worldly bars, never lacks power to dismiss
itself. If I know this, and know all the world besides, that part of tyranny that I do bear I can
shake off at pleasure."
Francis looked as if waking from a dream when he looked at James once more, who had
failed to read Casca's answering lines again.
"Are you alright?", James whispered.
Francis nodded, and unreadable expression on his face. Because they were sitting so close,
this intimate gazing into each other's eyes bordered on the inappropriate, James was well
aware.
James cleared his throat, then lowered his eyes towards the text again.
His voice sounded croaky when he read the next lines, but he made a valiant effort of it.
Francis was definitely outshining him by the end of it, and James was so wrongfooted that he
just stuttered something incoherent when they were done, before he belatedly remembered
how speaking worked.
"That was... an intense scene.", he said weakly.
Francis nodded again. "That it was."
"Do you wish to continue?"
"Tomorrow, I think, James. We're both tired, and we have time."
That was true, James was exhausted from the work and also Francis's words had given him a
great deal to think about.

Yet part of James dreaded sleep, as he had since the dreams had started. One could think it
would be less horrifying when he got used to them, but the dreams were so achingly real each
time that James was shocked anew at every turn.
He wasn't used to anything; he was terrified that there was something clairvoyant about the
dreams, that one day he would wake up and there would teeth missing, blood in his mouth,
his body wasting away.
He needed to keep away from Francis, perhaps. In a way, Francis seemed to be the source of
all that strangeness; it had started with him and his behavior.
Good God, James thought, am I really starting to believe the presence of a Jona?
But no, despite all that, James found himself inexplicably drawn to Francis, and not just
because he enjoyed his company.
James had the feeling that whatever happened, safety was with Francis. Not that he was in
need of protection, yet in his dreams, Francis was an always solid presence, benevolent,
loving.
It was so different from the contempt Francis had showered him in at the beginning of their
voyage, so different from his regard only days ago.
Even accounting for that, James felt horrible about all the things he had thought about
Francis, how he had despised him for the simple fact of refusing to be charmed by James.
And now... Francis was looking at him like that again, the gaze that made James's knees weak
and his stomach churn, for he had dreamed of that look on him in much more intimate
situations.
James imagined closing the remaining distance between them and kissing Francis, wondering
how he would react.
"You must miss Miss Cracroft terribly.", James would say, a little unsure of himself, perhaps.
"She has never been farther from my mind. You are all I want, James.", Francis would reply,
and thenChrist, you must stop this, James thought.
It was one thing, desiring Francis physically, but quite another to want to be loved by him.
Was James that far gone already?
"Well, then.", James said, quickly backing away a little from Francis. "Good night."
"Good night, James."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

James was walking, always walking. There was a beach, but the sea was frozenNeptune was sprinting ahead of him, happy to be out and about.
It was a nice day. But something was missing, something"James."
James turned and saw Francis. He was holding a pistol.
James ran towards him, but there was an impossible distance between them.
Francis raised the pistol, pressed it to his temple.
And then~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Commander! Wake up!"
James opened his eyes and saw Lieutenant Little standing over him, already dressed, or
perhaps still.
"What happened?", James asked, blinking away the last vestiges of the dream.
"Sir John is coming over. There is to be a meeting. Lieutenant Gore walked ahead."
"In the middle of the night?", James murmured.
Lieutenant Little wore a grim expression, but then he always looked this way.
"It's an emergency."
Puzzled, James pulled on his clothes- Mr. Gibson was asleep, and supposed to stay that way.
Francis was walking into the great cabin with his crutches, Jopson at his side, when James
entered.
"That will be all, Jopson.", Francis said. "I trust you'll be discreet about this."
"Of course, sir."
After Jopson had left, James only had a moment's time to throw Francis a puzzled look,
before the Lieutenants Little and Irving came in.
"I know as much as you, gentlemen.", Francis said to them. "Where is Lieutenant Gore?"
"On deck, waiting for Sir John."
Francis sent Little up to check in with Gore, and the rest of them sat down around the table.

After a tense few minutes, Little came back with Gore, Sir John, Dundy, Hodgson, Dr.
Stanley, Dr. McDonald and, to James's surprise, Mr. Goodsir.
All of them made Little's hopeless expression look like an exclamation of joy.
James tried to imagine what could possibly be worse than being stuck in pack ice. Perhaps
there was something wrong with the Erebus?
"Well.", Sir John said when they were seated. "Before we start, I want to make clear that none
of what will be said here is to leave this room. Understood?"
Everyone gave their assent.
"Mr. Goodsir, tell them.", Sir John ordered.
Goodsir nodded and cleared his throat. "After David Young died, we were all confounded as
to the cause of his demise. Even in the post mortem, we found no signs of scurvy, nor
consumption. I tried and tried to think of an answer to that question, and of course the main
thing was to figure out if Young's death had a significance for the wellbeing of the whole
crew.
"It was then that I tried to reconstruct the man's last weeks on Erebus, who he came into
contact with, and most of all, what he ate. It seems that Mr. Young has not taken well to our
provisions of salted meat, and so he almost exclusively ate from Goldner's tins, even more so
than the rest of the crew..."
Goodsir paused, and looked around the table, his gaze pausing on Francis for the fraction of a
second longer than the others.
"Continue, Mr. Goodsir.", Sir John said.
"I wondered if there might be something wrong with the tins. We have all been picking the
bits of lead out of them when we eat, and I thought the chance that I was right was slim, but it
was there and I knew I had to examine it. Regrettably, I- I could think of no other way, but-"
Sir John made an impatient gesture. "Show them."
Goodsir rummaged around in his bag and then pulled out a bundle of fur and laid it on the
table.
Upon closer examination, that bundle of fur turned out to be Jacko, the ship's monkey, quite
dead, eyes staring into nothing.
"What is the meaning of this?", James asked.
"I fed him exclusively from the tins to his heart's content ever since -since Mr. Young died.",
Goodsir said. "He fell into a state of madness, as anyone can attest who was near the
Captain's quarters this evening -and then he, well- died."

Silence around the table. James felt the same creeping fear as he had in his dream when he
had seen Francis with the pistol.
"I suspect-", Goodsir began when no one else said a word. "-I suspect it's lead poisoning.
There's a tell tale line in the gums that is characteristic of heavy metal poisoning."
"And it's -it's in all the cans?", James asked.
Goodsir nodded.
"How many provisions that aren't canned have we left?", Little asked.
"On Terror, I'd say about enough to get through this winter and spring, with some rationing.",
Dr. McDonald immediately replied.
He was a great expirementor with the food stuff, after all.
"We haven't checked yet on Erebus, but I'd say about the same.", Dr. Stanley said.
There was a silence again. The dead monkey stared at the ceiling.
"I think it is clear what we have to do, then.", Francis said.
"Is it?", Sir John said mildly.
"Yes. We have to turn back as soon as we are able. Wait out the winter- there is little else we
can do right now. But as soon as spring comes, we need to head back. If the ice thaws we sail
out. If not, we abandon the ships and walk."
That was it for the passage then.
James couldn't really fault Francis's reasoning. It wasn't his wish to die of lead poisoning, nor
that any more of the men did.
What he was going to do as soon as they got back though was to find the man in charge of
Goldner's tins and personally wring his neck.
"You're being very dramatic, Francis.", Sir John said. "And here I thought Commander
Fitzjames the one who is fond of the theater..."
James couldn't believe his ears. "I beg your pardon, sir?"
Sir John looked at him, smiling benevolently. "I'm sure the manner of this meeting and the
unfortunate death of Jacko have given you all a greater sense of urgency than is merited.", he
said. "It is a serious issue, of course, but it hardly needs to be the nail in the coffin for this
expedition as you make it out to be, Francis."
When Francis spoke, he seemed to be barely keeping his temper under control. "Did you hear
the same things I did?", he asked Sir John. "All our canned provisions are poisoned.

Poisoned! We would condemn ourselves to death, would we chose any other course than the
one I proposed!"
"First of all, we have other provisions. Second of all, doesn't one need to eat a significant
amount of them until the lead is actually dangerous?"
Dr. Stanley and Dr. McDonald looked at each other.
"That would depend on the amount of lead.", Dr. Stanley said at last. "If it took the monkey
what, one and a half weeks to die on a diet strictly made up of the tins, I'd say it would be
significantly longer for a human-"
"Tell us then!", Francis fumed. "Tell us about the kind of death that awaits us if we eat from
the tins!"
"Francis.", Sir John said admonishingly. "You completely misunderstand me. I do not intend
for a single one of you to die from lead poisoning. Nor any of the other men. All of your
survival is my duty, and I intend to honor it. There are other ways."
"Which are?", Francis demanded.
"We've almost found the passage as we are. And come summer, we will be able to hunt.
When thaw comes, we'll simply sail the rest of the way and as soon as we are in the pacific,
we are clear."
"With all due respect,", Francis growled, practically negating the words, "You don't know if
that will happen. And if you are wrong, you have doomed the entire expedition to a slow,
painful death-"
"Francis, you forget yourself.", Sir John said, a note of warning in his voice.
James knew he needed to say something to deescalate the situation, but he was lost on what.
Again, he was torn between the two of them. He wanted to believe Sir John, but he part of
him knew that Francis was right.
But yelling at him now wasn't the right way to get through to Sir John, of that James was
sure.
"I forget myself?!", Francis repeated. "What about you-"
"I do think we have every chance of thaw come spring.", Dundy interrupted at that.
James threw him a grateful look.
"What do the Ice Masters say?", Hodgson asked.
"They say nothing against it."

Dr. Stanley cleared his throat. "I also believe that the lead situation isn't as serious as it might
immediately sound."
Goodsir made a sound of incomprehension. "Dr. Stanley-"
"Remember your place, Mr. Goodsir. As it is, we will get through winter with the provisions
we have. Even farther, probably."
Sir John nodded. "And we all now how we could hunt in abundance last summer. Even now,
in winter, we might find a white bear or two."
And so, everyone around the table started to agree with Sir John, except for Francis, who
looked murderous.
James felt the pull of the mood, he really did, but he found that he respected Francis too
much to wholeheartedly agree with the others, especially when he remembered what exactly
Goodsir had told them just moments ago.
Was everyone mad?
Or was the truth so horrifying that they all didn't want to see it?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Of course, the truth of the tins was to stay a secret between them on pain of the most severe
punishment.
James had his doubts that this would in fact, stay secret with how many they were, but
everyone was already a remarkable job at downplaying the reality of the situation, so they
would be ready to deliver it like that in a speech to the crew should it come to that.
As they left, Francis asked to speak to Sir John in private, and James almost offered himself
up to stay out of fear that something horrible would happen.
As it was, his disobedient intent to stay back as everyone filed out and listen at the door was
interrupted by Dundy, who also stayed behind and wanted to talk to him.
"James, I wanted to ask-"
James shushed him, put a finger to his lips and indicated the closed door with his head.
Of course, it would be too incriminating to stand directly before the door with his ear pressed
to it, but no one could fault James from lingering a few paces away from it.
He expected Francis to yell anyway, and was surprised when he heard his voice in a quieter
tone. Sir John's murmur answered him. James didn't understand a word.
After a while, Dundy whispered: "This is hardly-"
James shushed him again.

Francis's voice was starting to sound pleading, and James could make out some of it:
"...understand that you want to follow your orders, but... the cost of it is... please, see that I..."
"This is unbecoming.", Sir John said, then continued more quietly. "... promise you that I...
needn't worry..."
"Listen to me!", Francis said, loud and clear. "If we want to escape with our lives, we have to
forget about the glory of the passage! You can't-"
James knew he had to do something before Francis ruined everything, for this wasn't the way
to get through to Sir John. Francis wasn't the one to get through to Sir John.
James didn't know if he was better, but he hadn't been deemed unworthy by Sir John to marry
his niece.
So James interrupted them by knocking on the door, ignoring Dundy's "don't do it" look.
"Come.", Sir John said, and James opened it.
"I was just wondering-"
James stopped, because his eyes had found Francis, who was hanging limply in his chair. His
eyes were open, unseeing.
"Yes, James?", Sir John asked.
James gestured to Francis, and Sir John flinched in shock.
"Dear Lord!", he exclaimed, then crossed the remaining distance between them. "Francis?
Can you hear me? Francis!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 12: Francis
Francis found the strange feeling of his time switching familiar by now, but it still had the
capacity to take him by surprise.
He had been completely focused on Sir John, trying to make him see the truth, and so it
seemed that he had just blinked once, and suddenly he was laying down on the cot in his tent.
Back on the long walk, James dead again.
At least it seemed that no one had taken note of the momentary disappearance of his mind.
Francis sat up and scolded himself for failing to stop the disaster yet again. He had been
wasting time, reading Julius Caesar and imagining James in his arms instead ofThe problem was, he didn't know what else he could have done, save for the impossible.
When he got back, he would have toHe thought of Thomas, telling him to kill Sir John. It would have to happen. By God, it
would have to happen.
Like Brutus and Cassius had killed Caesar, he would have to murder Sir John Franklin. His
commanding officer.
Jesus Christ, Francis thought. I really should've asked Mr. Hickey for advice.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The day actually brought some good news. Francis couldn't believe it when Robert Golding
told him he had found open leads at the shore.
"You're certain of this?", Francis asked.
"I saw it, sir. Through the glass. It's there."
The hopeful look on Edward's face was surely mirroring Francis's own.
"How wide would you guess it to be?", Edward asked.
"Wide enough for our boats. Yes, sir."
"This could save us weeks of travel.", Edward said. "If the ice opens up, we row across the
strait and into the river!"
Francis was already gathering his things.
"Shall we scout it properly?"

"Without delay!", Francis exclaimed, and they went, taking Hartnell with them.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis should've known it was a trap. Nothing good happened in this timeline, a lesson he
should've already learned. But his stay in the other reality had unmoored him, and he had to
admit to himself that he was taking far too much time just yearning to go back.
Back to Thomas, to Alexander, to Jopson, to Edward when he was still capable of smiling,
and of course, James. His beloved James.
If he stayed here, he would never get the chance to look upon him again, to talk to him, to see
his eyes flash and his voice rise while telling one of his stories; to tell him that he loved him.
Instead, Des Voeux shot Hartnell, and Francis watched the life drain out of him.
Another one he couldn't save.
At least Hodgson was alive, not dead as they'd believed.
He gave Edward his orders, certain he would see him again, Edward would not be content to
leave him with the mutineers, but still it kind of felt like a final goodbye.
And perhaps it was, what was happening was ample proof that everything was going wrong.
"We will live.", Edward repeated, and Francis tried to see it; tried to believe it.
~~~~~~~~~~
They beat him and bound his hands, though Francis could hardly feel it. He was worried
about dropping into the other time now, thinking they might kill him if he couldn't walk.
As they walked, Francis tried to remember the way they were going, which was no easy task
in this landscape.
They arrived at Hickey's camp, and Francis saw them, the mutineers, or at least those who
had, for whatever reason, gone with Hickey; Diggle and Pilkington and Tozer- he saw neither
Gibson nor Goodsir anywhere, and was worried for the latter.
Finally, there was Mr. Hickey himself, who was standing with his back to him.
Oh, Francis did wonder.
If he'd had Hickey killed in the other time line, would they be here now?
He could find a way to kill Hickey without much trouble, as his Captain. As it was, ever
since his mutiny, Hickey had been a subject of much gossip back in his camp, and Francis
had heard more than one damning rumor about him.

He could hang Hickey for sodomy, even if he was too careful, Francis could manufacture
proof.
It was a great hypocrisy to even think it, Francis was aware, but these were desperate times.
Still, he felt less certain about this than the need to kill Sir John, ironically.
Their overall situation wasn't Hickey's fault, and it stood to reason that if Francis executed
him, there would just be another one of his kind.
There always was.
And it might damage his rapport with the men even more if he were to execute Hickey for
behavior that Francis would have at best had someone lashed for before.
Once he had been released of the irons, he walked over to Hickey.
Hickey seemed to know him without looking at him. "Do you know what day it is, Mr.
Crozier?", he asked. "What day of the week, I mean."
"No.", Francis said, puzzled to where this was going.
"It's a Wednesday." Hickey paused. "You and I once shared a drink on a Wednesday. Do you
remember that day?"
"I do. You had a dog turd in your hand."
It was meant to sting, but all it did was remind Francis himself of Neptune, whom Hickey
had butchered.
"The toast was 'Ourselves'. That was fitting then. And so it is again today."
Francis looked and saw Goodsir in the middle distance. Still alive, thank God. Francis
thought of the assistant surgeon in the other timeline, how relieved and impressed he'd been
that Goodsir had investigated the tins right away.
"You misunderstand the toast, Mr. Hickey. It was meant as a joke. Not a very clever one."
Hickey looked at him with that damned smile of his, then turned away.
"Mr. Des Voeux. Have Goodsir tend to Mr. Crozier's injuries. And make sure he is not
harmed again."
Francis looked at Hickey walking away, and suddenly had to think of James's gait. He was
puzzled for the barest second, then he saw that Hickey was wearing James's boots, the J.F.
clearly visible on the leather.
Francis felt impotent rage rise in him, rage so blinding that he almost stumbled forward and
threw himself at Hickey, not even wanting to kill, but wanting to hurt; hurt worse than the
pain James had felt when he died, when he-

Francis made a step towards Hickey, and only then realised that the rushing in his ears wasn't
just his wrath.
He just had time to feel Des Voeux grabbing his shoulder before blackness descended.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis woke in sickbay once more, but this time no one was with him, just a lone illuminator
glowed on the table. It was good, because Francis realised that tears were streaming down his
cheeks.
Francis felt powerless to stop them, and he cried quietly for a few minutes, until he heard the
door opening.
He wiped his eyes to see Goodsir approaching.
"You're awake, Captain.", he exclaimed. "Let me go get-"
"No.", Francis said. "Please, give me a moment..."
Goodsir's eyes widened even further. "Of course, sir. Is there anything I can do to help?"
"You already did your best, Harry.", Francis mumbled, the first name slipping from his lips
before he could stop it.
"I've tried, sir.", Goodsir agreed. "I do believe you're right, that we have to turn back. Others
think it too, I'm sure of it."
Francis wondered again at the idea of a mutiny. Could he pull it off? But that would be
infinitely more complicated, not to mention that Sir John would never just peacefully resign
command to him, even if the majority of both ships was on his side.
And any return would see him hanged, which might have been a acceptable sacrifice, would
not everyone who had followed him suffer the same death.
Where James's loyalties would fall he didn't want to imagine.
"Maybe we might sway Sir John yet.", Francis said to Goodsir.
Goodsir nodded. "Of that I am sure. If can only convince Dr. Stanley of the direness of our
situation, I'm sure much will be won."
Well, if the other reality had proven anything, it was that Stephen Stanley didn't have the
spirit to handle the truth regarding the tins, and Francis was just relieved that here he had
chosen denial instead of setting everyone on fire.
"Captain?", Goodsir asked.
"Yes?"

"Would you tell me how you knew? About the tins, I mean?"
Francis looked at him, knowing he owed him a debt. Would Goodsir believe him? Perhaps.
The assistant surgeon certainly had the most open mind Francis had ever encountered.
He opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, James burst into the room.
"I heard your voice, Francis, but I didn't dare hope you would be back with us...", James
exclaimed, rushing to his side.
To his mortification, Francis felt tears burn in his eyes again. He turned his head away from
James, lest he see them.
"Francis-"
"What's this?"
Jesus buggering Christ, Dr. McDonald and Sir John were the next ones to enter the room, and
Francis could barely keep himself together!
Francis felt James's hand on his neck and stifled a sob.
"Please...", he whispered. "Please leave..."
It was Dr. McDonald who saved Francis from further embarrassment, sending everyone out,
including Sir John and James.
Then he pulled up a chair and sat down at the table, grabbing Francis's hand. "It will pass.",
he murmured in soothing tones. "It will pass, Frank."
It did pass, slowly. Dr McDonald held his hand through it, offering comforting words and his
handkerchief once the worst was over.
"Alexander, I'm so sorry-"
"Don't apologise.", Dr. McDonald said. "I believe you've experienced an epileptic fit, and this
state of fearful confusion is quite normal for the aftermath."
Francis nodded weakly. "Thank you."
"It's nothing. Though I am greatly worried about you."
Francis tried to think, and also stop himself from insisting he was fine. That wouldn't be
received well, he had the inkling.
"Do you believe... this illness impacts my ability to act as Captain of this ship?", Francis
asked, hoping he wouldn't have to deal with such a thing as well.
"Not as of yet, no. You are of sound mind. Though it is probably best for morale if you're not
seen in your state after a seizure.", Dr. McDonald replied. "What gives me hope is that the

seizures don't seem to be close together, but several days apart."
Francis wondered if he should at least attempt to tell Dr. McDonald the truth, but then he
would probably not declare him fit to captain his ship anymore, he was sure.
Goodsir might believe him, maybe Thomas, but even though he was more open minded than
Stanley, Alexander primarily believed in what he could see.
He wouldn't take Francis's word for it.
"Can I let the others in or do you still need a moment?", Dr. McDonald asked. "I could barely
get Commander Fitzjames out of here. You must've become fast friends during the last days."
Francis swallowed down the lump in his throat at that.
"We did.", was all he said. "And yes, you may let them in."
James wasn't the only one waiting to see him; of course, Sir John was still there, and also
Neptune had scratched at the door at times.
The ship's dog had taken up a habit to keep Francis company in the great cabin and on the
floor to his berth, and was now eager to make sure that his master was alright.
James rushed almost as eagerly to his side again, but he visibly stopped himself from taking
Francis's hand when his gaze fell on Sir John.
"I'm glad to see you sitting up, Francis.", Sir John said. "I don't like to see you running
yourself ragged for care for your ship."
"I'm not-"
"You are, I can see it. And James told me this has happened before. Why no one saw fit to
inform me sooner is a great mystery to me."
Both Francis and Sir John looked at James with reproach, and James said: "I'm sorry.", to no
one in particular.
"This will pass.", Francis assured Sir John. "I'm sure of it."
"What do you say, doctor?"
"He will need to be extremely careful not to take another fall. Thankfully, his leg will keep
him mostly out of harm's way for now. But epilepsy is nothing to joke about."
"Of course not.", Sir John said. "James, I want you to take extremely good care of Francis in
my absence. Keep him safe."
James flushed a little. "Yes, sir."

Sir John smiled and patted Francis on the shoulder. "Cheer up, old fellow. It's only Caesar's
illness!"
"I beg your pardon?", Francis asked, startled.
"Caesar's illness. He famously suffered from epilepsy as well.", Sir John said.
Francis remembered Cassius saying that Caesar had the falling sickness in Shakespeare,
come to think of it.
Sir John didn't want to discuss the tins, believing the subject too strenuous for Francis right
now.
"We have all winter to disagree about it.", he said resolutely. "Now you must rest."
Francis didn't want to rest. He didn't want to think, though he knew he had to.
At his insistence, the crutches were brought and he limped back to his berth himself, Jopson
and James to the side of him, and before and behind him when the gangway was too narrow.
Neptune zapped ahead, the only one happy to be up at this hour of the day.
Once Francis was sitting in his berth, his gaze fell to James, who hovered in the doorway,
uncertain.
"I'm really- really glad you're alright.", he said.
Jopson had told him the same thing before going to bed. Francis had barely stopped himself
from giving him a bone-crushing hug.
It was the transition between the timelines that so affected him.
"I'm glad you're ali- here, too.", Francis said.
"Really? I should think you are cross with me for not supporting you better in the meeting.",
James replied, leaning forward in confidence. "Rest assured, I am on your side, Francis. I do
want to find the passage, but not at the cost of our lives. I just think we need to consider
carefully how to change Sir John's mind."
"Oh, James.", Francis muttered, almost crying again.
That had been the capacity in James that Francis had only noticed far too late, his ability for
self-reflection without vanity. James may be flamboyant, boisterous, and even vain in other
ways, but never in this.
It was something Francis couldn't say he did as well himself. Especially on the drink, he
knew he could be as stubborn and obstinate as Sir John if he really put his mind to it.
James took his hand at last, watching him be overcome. Hopefully, he would make Francis
supposed "seizure" responsible for his mood.

"Yes, we will change his mind. Together.", James said with a reassuring smile.
Francis nodded, giving James's fingers a firm press. He didn't just want to hold James's hand,
he thought. He wanted to touch him all over, his warm skin, proof of being alive. He wanted
to press his lips to his chest, over his heart, he wanted"Is there anything else you need?", James asked, echoing Jopson from moments before,
though his tone was much more... familiar.
Francis imagined asking James to stay, to get into bed with him.
He imagined James agreeing, smiling that smile of his and pulling him close.
But no. Disregarding the fact that James probably wouldn't agree, Francis couldn't trust
himself to keep silent about his time switching, couldn't calculate the things he would say to
James with his tongue so loosened.
"Good night, James.", Francis forced out. "What's left of it, at any rate."
James nodded and withdrew his hand. "Good night, Francis."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis did fall into a fitful sleep, absolutely exhausted as he was. He dreamed of Hickey
wearing James's boots, and woke almost cursing with rage.
He remembered what he'd thought about executing Hickey, or rather, not executing him.
But right now, Francis wanted Hickey dead more than anything.
Hickey was too perfidious, too evil to ever truly fall in line. He would do it again, the mutiny,
the killing, all of it, and Francis could only stop him by taking his life.
Another life to save all the others... surely that was an acceptable sacrifice?
But deep down, Francis knew that it wasn't that simple.
He wasn't just doing it for the men, this was also him satisfying his personal need for
revenge.
And so what?, he thought angrily. Hickey has me at his mercy in the other time, and I have
him at mine in this; why shouldn't I punish him?
The one who dug up James's corpse and desecrated him, stolen his possessions, not to
mention murdered peopleFrancis knew this kind of anger from his drinking days, but paradoxically, he now yearned
for a glass of whiskey to help him calm down.
He looked at his braced leg and groaned in frustration.

How he hated, hated, hated this!
He rung for Jopson and his stewart appeared promptly.
"Time to dress for the day, sir?"
"First, bring me a bottle of whiskey.", Francis growled. "You hid them, you know where they
are. Get me one."
He glared at Jopson, daring him to disobey.
"Sir, you've told me to hide them for your own good.", Jopson reminded him.
"I don't care. I want a drink, now."
Jopson looked at him with a worried frown. "Sir-"
"Bring it to me at once, before I write you up for disobedience!"
Oh, how Francis already hated himself for this...
Jopson stared at him for a moment longer, before he nodded and went away. Francis closed
his eyes and leant against the wooden wall. He'd thought he was strong enough to bear this,
but he couldn't.
He just couldn't do it anymore.
He heard the sounds of footsteps, a door opening. A voice: "Francis?"
It was James.
"Go away!", Francis called.
More footsteps, then James appeared in the doorway in his nightclothes. His mere presence
was enough for Francis to almost start crying again.
"I said, go away!", Francis yelled, afraid.
"Not until you tell me why you want to start drinking again.", James said.
"I'm going to skin Jopson alive."
"No, you're not.", James said, approaching carefully, as if Francis was a skittish horse.
"You're going to tell me what is going on with you. And then we're going to think of a way to
help you that doesn't involve whiskey."
"Damn you, James, can't you just leave?", Francis hissed.
James shook his head. And then he stepped even closer and put a warm hand on Francis's
knee, which served to make Francis stop short rather effectively.

"Tell me.", James said again, a gentle command.
Francis was powerless to stop his tears of anguish and rage, and he buried his face in his
hands and sobbed.
Next thing he knew, strong arms enveloped him and he was pulled close against James's
chest.
Francis cried even harder, overwhelmed by the other's proximity, by him being alive. He
hugged James back with abandon, thinking of killing and Hickey in James's boots and his
impotent rage, while James murmured comforting words and stroked his hair.
Finally, there were no more tears, but Francis stayed in the embrace because he could listen
to James's heartbeat through his night shirt.
He belatedly realised that James had climbed into his berth, his knees bracketing Francis's
legs, and that they were - for this climate at least- practically half naked.
Still, it was James who drew back after a while to look him in the eyes. "Better?", he
murmured.
Francis cleared his throat, not really knowing what to say.
"I still want a drink.", he muttered.
James's hand that had been in his hair moved down to his cheek. "Talk to me, hm?"
Francis sighed, and James backed away from him while clearing his throat. Francis
immediately missed his nearness.
"I wish I could kill Mr. Hickey."
James's eyebrows shot up. "You... what?"
"You know, I actually could kill him. I will kill him. I just need a reason... He will give me
one, I'm sure of it."
James was silent a moment, then said: "Well, normally the reason to kill someone comes
before the actual urge... Or what did Mr. Hickey do to deserve death?"
"I wish I could tell you.", Francis said grimly.
"You're serious? You actually want to execute a member of your crew for... what? I certainly
don't see what Mr. Hickey could've done, save some minor disobedience..."
"Minor disobedience?", Francis repeated with a scoff. "Oh, you have no idea..."
James looked greatly disconcerted, but Francis knew if he didn't talk about this to someone,
he would seek refuge at the bottom of a glass.

"What did he do to you?", James suddenly asked, his gaze fire. "Did he dare... harm you in
some way?"
"Not just me.", Francis said. "Not just me, which I could bear, but- James..."
"You talk in riddles.", James said gently, putting a hand on Francis's arm again.
"It's not so much what he did.", Francis tried to explain. "But what he will do in the future if I
don't temper him."
James frowned. "Does he possess some kind of damning knowledge about you? Is that why
you give him special attention?"
Francis said nothing. He couldn't tell James the truth, he realised, not even necessarily
because James wouldn't believe him, but because James wasn't born yesterday. He would
come to the same conclusions Francis had, and then he would have to be part of the plot to
kill Sir John.
Goodsir would've maybe not thought of it -and Francis didn't have the time for details with
him anyway- but James definitely.
"You know, it occurs to me that Mr. Hickey seems to be the sort of man who preens under
attention, any attention you give him. Perhaps if you can... rid yourself of your association
with him, much will be won.", James said, bringing Francis back to the present.
"I can't just ignore the problem he represents.", Francis replied. "And it is my right as his
Captain to punish him for his actions."
James considered this. "Even actions he hasn't committed yet? Because forgive me, Francis,
but that sounds an awful lot like tyranny, not leadership."
Francis sighed angrily. "Then perhaps actions he is committing right now will do! I know, for
one, that Mr. Hickey is practicing sodomy on this very ship. That offense is punished by
death, according to the Ship's Articles."
James sucked in a breath. His hand tensed on Francis's arm before it fell away completely.
"I had not thought you such a hypocrite, Francis.", James said quietly.
Fear like ice in Francis's veins. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know damn well what I mean, don't pretend!", James hissed, enraged. "What is it that
Hickey did to you? What is it that would drive you to punish him so unjustly, to have him
hang for something you indulged in yourself?"
Francis stared at James, shocked. How could James have found out about his indecent
thoughts towards him? More importantly, how could James know about those awkward
fumblings of his youth that could constitute sodomy to an unkind eye?
"It wouldn't be unjust!", Francis whispered harshly.

He longed to yell, but just like James he didn't think it wise to keep his voice above a
murmur.
"Oh, yes, it would be!", James fired back bitterly. "For that offense, it would be, and you
know it. The sheer hypocrisy of it! Really, Francis, I've never been so disappointed in you,
that you would even consider-"
Francis had arrived at the conclusion that James couldn't have known about him that way, so
he must be thinking something else. But what?
"I'm just doing this to keep order on my ship!"
"That's a lie, and we both know it!", James hissed. "You were the one who seduced Mr.
Hickey -he might be bold but he would never have initiated anything- and now, because of
some trifle of an offense, you want to murder him -and it would be murder, make no mistake"
Seduced him? Francis stopped short.
"James, you don't think that Mr. Hickey and I- engaged in some kind of congress, do you?",
he asked.
James scoffed. "What, you're going to deny it now? After everything you said?"
Oh.
Well, that certainly explained why James was so angry.
"James, I have no idea how you arrived at this conclusion, but I swear to you, never in my
life did I-"
"You have no idea? Really? What about all the private conferences you had with Mr. Hickey
that you refuse to explain? The way you talked about him hurting you? Mr. Hickey grinning
like a cat who got the cream every time he leaves your presence?"
Francis could see how that might be somewhat damning, but still he couldn't contain his
surprise and dismay that James had thought... that of him.
"James, I wanted to see Mr. Hickey because I got intelligence that he might be planning a
mutiny, not because I desired to-" Francis lowered his voice still further "-sodomise him in
any way."
James looked at him, sceptical. "Really?"
"Really. Christ, that would be the worst kind of abuse I could commit as Captain, making
such use of a subordinate who can't say no-"
"Exactly."
"And you think so low of me?", Francis asked, unable to keep the hurt out of his voice.

"Part of me didn't believe it.", James said. "But what the hell was I supposed to think? And
now you want to have him hanged, for God's sake- none of this makes sense, none of it! Why
even bring up sodomy, if he was planning a mutiny? Surely that's the greater offense-"
"I don't have any proof, but please believe me that Hickey is dangerous. He needs to be
stopped."
James chewed the inside of his cheek. "But not at the cost of your integrity. And also, what
do you think it will do to the men if you hang one of them at the beginning of a long winter in
the ice? It would be one thing if he is actually in the midst of a mutiny, but I don't think he is.
Francis, you can't abuse your power in this way."
James was right, damn it all to hell. Francis knew he was right.
"I'm sorry, James.", Francis said, reaching for his hand. "For everything, especially the things
I just said. I didn't mean to confuse you, or make you think ill of me. Good Lord, I certainly
don't think sodomy is a hangable offense- I just needed to think of a way to rid us of Mr.
Hickey before he becomes even more dangerous."
James looked greatly relieved, though he didn't return the press of Francis's hand.
"I take you're not going to explain to me how you know that Hickey is going to be dangerous
in the future.", James said dryly.
"I wish I could, but I need to keep this from you."
There was hurt in James's expression, and it made Francis ache to see it.
"I'm sorry too for suspecting you of having an affair with Mr. Hickey.", James murmured.
Had this been a less serious situation, Francis would've laughed at the sheer absurdity of it.
"Let's just not mention it.", he said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 13: James
James had never felt so many conflicting emotions at once as during this conversation with
Francis.
Something in him felt like it was breaking when Francis had said that he would hang Hickey
for sodomy, and he was still recovering from it.
He had clung to Francis's apology, his words 'I certainly don't think sodomy is a hangable
offense' with the desperation of someone drowning grabbing the life line.
At the same time, there was definitely something Francis wasn't telling him, something vital
to the wellbeing of this expedition, he was sure.
He doubted that it actually had anything to do with sodomy, that was just smoke and mirrors
that happened to distract him rather effectively, he had to admit.
Maybe Francis was clairvoyant?
James had never believed in such things, thinking himself a child of an enlightened, scientific
age, but all the facts he had gathered up to this juncture certainly seemed to point toward
something beyond the scope of natural science.
Francis just knew things he shouldn't rightly be able to know, from Hickey's sexual
preference to the poisoned tins.
And it would explain much- James certainly would've become a hopeless misanthrope who
sought refuge in drink if he were assaulted with visions of a horrifying future every day.
It even made sense that Francis had chosen to go on this expedition despite him knowing it
would end in disaster - he had been depressed and suicidal, and that was certainly one way to
end one's life...
But somewhere along the way, Francis had become determined to use his abilities to stop the
disaster, and now he was trying to save them all.
Was this sudden onset epilepsy another symptom of that, James wondered.
He had been almost beside himself with worry over Francis when he'd dropped off yet again.
There was always a tiny part of him that believed Francis would never wake up, that he
would stay lost to them.
"It appears I'm Calpurnia yet again.", he murmured.
"Pardon?", Francis asked.
They were still in his cabin, Francis had just said that they shouldn't mention what James had
thought about him and Mr. Hickey.

James was glad for that, he didn't want Francis to closely examine why James had believed
what he did. At the same time, many other men would've been so mortally offended by what
James had accused Francis of that they would've never spoken to James again.
It made treacherous hope flare up in James's heart, and James knew he had to be careful
about that.
Wanting Francis was dangerous, more so than everything he had done with Dundy. He
couldn't know for sure if Francis was inclined towards him, save by making a pass at him,
and that would be foolish indeed.
James had almost forgotten the nail biting uncertainty of knowing if another wanted him, he
had gotten comfortable in the arms of Le Vesconte.
Yet James knew he was already acting reckless. Climbing into Francis's berth and taking him
into his arms was a very clear indicator of that.
He couldn't forget the way Francis had clung to him so desperately, but perhaps he had been
only plagued by his visions.
James wondered if he should just ask Francis if he was clairvoyant, though he sensed there
was a great resistance in Francis to talk about that sort of thing.
"Calpurnia, worrying about Caesar.", James said softly. "Me, worrying about you."
Francis eyed him carefully. James imagined him asking: "Would you like to be my wife,
James?" and a hot shiver went down his spine.
"Well, I certainly don't plan to have myself killed by a bunch of assassins I work with.", was
what Francis really said.
James raised an eyebrow. "Glad to hear it."
They were silent for a moment, and James knew he should probably leave now, but he hadn't
forgotten what brought him here in the first place.
Jopson had been smart, to get him, knowing he himself couldn't disobey Francis. For some
reason, Francis had been able to stop drinking without going into withdrawal- that seemed to
be one of the few things James couldn't explain at all, even with clairvoyance.
It still stood to reason that it should be avoided at all costs that Francis started to drink again.
Not too long ago, James wouldn't have thought himself the right person to help Francis stay
sober, but obviously things had changed.
Meanwhile, around them, the ship was starting to wake up; the usual sounds of footsteps and
voices reached them.
"We should get dressed.", Francis said. "Where is Jopson?"

James looked gravely at Francis. "I will let you call him only if you promise me that you
won't order him to get you whiskey."
"If I do, he's just going to get you again anyway.", Francis grumbled.
"Francis.", James said, putting two fingers under his chin to make him raise his eyes.
"Promise me."
Francis's gaze was so intense that James wanted to back away, but he stood his ground.
"I promise.", Francis said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James had promised to take care of Francis -Sir John seemed delighted to see how well they
were getting along, all thoughts of them disobeying his orders forgotten-, yet he wanted to
visit Sir John parse out his mood.
Maybe inspiration would strike and he would have an idea on how to sway their leader.
Still, he wanted make sure Francis was looked after, after the bad night he'd had, and so he
went to Thomas Blanky and asked him to keep an eye on their mutual friend.
"Sure I will!", the Ice Master promised. "Consider it done, Commander."
James turned to go, but hesitated. "Mr. Blanky", he began. "You've known Francis for a long
time..."
"Aye."
"In that time, has he ever- shown an ability to... see things that others would only know with
hindsight?"
"I'm not sure what you mean.", Blanky said. "He's always looked somewhat bleakly into the
future. He told me himself that he's been this way since he was young."
"What way?", James asked.
"Possessed of a melancholic temperament."
James wondered if this was a euphemism, or really what Blanky meant.
"Would you say that this... melancholic temperament has been more pronounced as of late?"
Blanky, who had been in the process of stuffing his pipe, stopped and looked at him archly.
"Why?"
"Oh, I don't mean for you to betray Francis's confidence, Mr. Blanky.", James assured him.
"I'm merely worried about him as a friend. His drinking, these seizures... It's all... worrying."

Blanky's gaze softened. "Aye. I'm sorry, Commander, it's just that I feel protective of Frank. I
know he likes you quite a lot, and I very much hope that affection is reciprocated...?"
"It is."
"Wonderful. It is good that Frank is making new friends, even amidst this crisis."
"You mean the crisis of his health?", James asked. Or do you mean the expedition?, he didn't
say out loud.
"Whatever you want to call it. I know something is going on with him that he won't say,
which you probably also noticed."
James nodded. "Are you worried about him?"
"I'm not sure.", Blanky said, cocking his head. "He gave up the drinking and that is definitely
good for him. He doesn't fly into rages half as often, and actually seems to give a damn about
staying alive...What worries me is where such a profound change came from. Something
definitely happened to him, and part of me thinks that it wasn't anything good."
"He told me not too long ago that he finally let go of his feelings for Miss Carcroft.", James
said.
"Aye.", Thomas replied with a sudden grin. "But that might be because his heart belongs to
someone else now."
James stopped short. Blanky's knowing look was hardly difficult to interpret.
"Mr. Blanky.", James said, trying to sound stern but missing the mark by a long shot. "You
don't mean to imply that Francis is in love with someone on this ship! That would be
inappropriate, illegal, not to mention-"
"Oh, I don't imply anything.", Blanky grinned. "I merely observe, poor Ice Master that I am."
Blanky clapped James on the shoulder and said: "I like you two together."
James could've demanded to know what he meant by that, and also write him up for these
inappropriate insinuations he kept making, but James felt his heart warm at Blanky's easy
approval.
He couldn't help but think that besides Neptune and Francis, he had another friend on Terror.
"You need to make sure he doesn't drink.", James told Blanky. "Jopson hid all his whiskey,
and I don't know how long he can withstand Francis should he order him again to give him
some."
"Consider it done.", Blanky said again. "Someone needs to catch ol' Frank up on all the ship's
gossip anyway."

James wrapped himself in his slops, judged the meager daylight they had, and decided that
the wind wasn't howling so much as to not attempt a crossing to Erebus.
He was asked if he needed an escort, but James was fairly confident he could manage the
small distance between the ships.
At the last minute, Harry Peglar joined him, apparently being done with Seneca's letters.
"It really is a mystery to me how much time you find to read between everything that needed
doing in the last days.", James said to him as they climbed down the railing.
"I don't need much sleep.", Peglar explained. "I'm fine with four hours at most."
James hummed. "We share a habit then.", he said, remembering fondly how he would stay up
at night to write to his sister-in-law.
Elizabeth had asked him to keep a journal for her for the family's perusal.
He had already thought that Elizabeth, for one, would be delighted to read his changing over
to Terror, because then she would get descriptions of the men aboard her as well.
Walking on the ice was much different than stepping on a frozen pond back home. It wasn't
slippery, or flat, which suited them fine walking like this, but would be a nightmare when
hauling a boat, James knew.
The wind was too loud to converse above a shout, so he and Mr. Peglar stayed mostly silent
during their walk over. Snow was falling in thick floks, clouding their vision white.
When they reached Erebus, James put a mittened hand on her hull and looked up. They were
in the process of taking her masts and excess rigging down, as well.
James suddenly had to think of his dreams, and how they never featured any of the ships, not
his Erebus, nor even Terror.
That was strange in of itself; when he was at sea, the ship tended to insert himself as a
backdrop to every single on of his dreams.
He dreamed of having tea with William and Elizabeth, but it wasn't in their garden in
Brighton, but on the deck of the Cornwallis; Minney took his hand to show him a rabbit hole
in the garden, but for an inexplicable reason they were moving around Erebus's orlop.
But these new nightmares, sensual and terrifying, took place away from the ships.
James hadn't considered if maybe, these dreams had something to do with Francis and his
probable ability to see the future; Perhaps it was the place they were in. He had heard of
people who believed that magnetic readings had the ability to impact the human mind; such
people were generally considered mad, but that was back in good old England, a place where
everything made sense and no dipping circle picked up anything unusual.

Maybe it was the place they were in, messing with their minds. James decided to find out if
there were others who were similarly affected.
Sir John was busy, supervising the work on deck to make Erebus winter ready. He greeted
James briefly and told him to wait at his leisure.
Before James gave into his longing and visited Dundy -he would so dearly like to confide in
him, though he didn't think it was wise- he went by sickbay to see Mr. Goodsir.
"Commander Fitzjames!", Dr. Stanley greeted him, one of his rare smiles on his face.
"Stephen.", James replied, shaking his hand. "No need to stand on ceremony, you saved my
life after all."
"It was my job.", Dr. Stanley said. "I could hardly let you bleed to death."
"As long as I don't give you cause to regret that action, I am a happy man."
"Never.", Stanley assured him.
James knew that Stephen Stanley was an authoritative man, but whenever he and James were
talking, there was submissive, almost meek quality to him, and James wondered at it.
It wasn't simply their difference in rank, he thought, but something else.
"Are you well, Commander? Do you have some sort of medical problem?", Dr. Stanley
asked.
"Just visiting an old friend.", James murmured, not quite managing a smile.
"I'm glad. Though you do seem... troubled."
"How could I not be after the meeting yesterday?"
Even though they were alone in sickbay, James lowered his voice.
"I understand. Though Mr. Goodsir blew it all entirely out of proportion, in my opinion. I'm
sure all will be well as long as we listen to Sir John."
James stared at him in disbelief. "Stephen, I'm not sure how one can blow news like that 'out
of proportion', as you say. It's horrifying."
"We have enough provisions to get through the winter. And in summer, we will hunt! But
let's not talk about such disagreeable subjects, shall we?" Stanley's look was almost pleading.
James shook his head. If everyone that had heard the truth denied it like Stephen did, they
would get nowhere.
He opened his mouth to retort something when Goodsir came in.
"Ah, Mr. Goodsir. I wanted to talk to you, too.", James said.

"Oh?"
"In private.", James added, knowing Stephen wouldn't forgive him for this, but he couldn't
very well bring up what he wanted to say in front of him.
"We can go to my cabin.", Goodsir told him, awkwardly avoiding Stephen's burning stare.
"I'm sorry.", James said to his friend. "It's Captain Crozier's concern, not mine."
Stephen nodded curtly and let them go, though James could see the hurt in his eyes he
quickly covered up with his stoic demeanor.
Goodsir's cabin was barely large enough for two men to stand in, especially when James
ordered the door closed.
"It was Captain Crozier who told you about the lead in the tins, wasn't it?", James asked.
Goodsir looked torn. "I can't-"
"-betray his confidence, I know. Yet it seems fairly obvious that I'm right."
Goodsir sighed. "The truth is, I'm worried about him. He shouldn't have known this. And I'm
beginning to think that he knows a great deal more, and it's all bad."
"We are in agreement, then.", James said, surprised.
"Will you perhaps talk to Sir John?", Goodsir asked hopefully. "He might listen to you- I
know he only wants the best for us and the expedition, but he doesn't believe Captain Crozier,
and if I may say so, I think that is dangerous."
James nodded. "I will do my best."
"Thank you. I am sorry for killing Jacko. I know Sir John is cross with me for that, but I
could think of no other way..."
James tried a reassuring smile. "You will be forgiven, Mr. Goodsir. Oh, and one more
thing..."
"Yes?"
"Do you have any idea why Captain Crozier came to you with this matter? Have you earned
his trust in some way since the beginning of our voyage?"
Thankfully, Goodsir wasn't offended, but looked thoughtful. "I had asked myself that same
thing, yet I can think of no incident."
Perhaps Francis saw Goodsir's trustworthyness in the future too, James thought.
He thanked Goodsir and made for Dundy's cabin, where Le Vesconte was drawing in his own
sketchbook this time.

When he saw James he stood up wordlessly and pulled him into a tight embrace. James
returned it, closing his eyes briefly.
"I missed you.", Dundy murmured into his shoulder. "That conference was dreadful, I wish I
could've talked to you after."
James felt himself flush. After Francis'd had his seizure, he had been entirely occupied with
worrying over him, and somewhat lost sight of Dundy.
"I'm sorry.", he said sincerely, drawing back. "But we can talk now."
"I was really worried when Goodsir first told us.", Le Vesconte admitted. "But Sir John
displayed great qualities of leadership in bolstering our spirits, as it were. I can only imagine
how it was on Terror, with Crozier being so dreadful."
James winced internally, knowing that he had talked just like his friend not too long ago.
"Crozier isn't dreadful, Dundy. He is rightly worried about the expedition."
"Well, that's an entirely new tune from you.", Le Vesconte said, crossing his arms. "Whatever
did Crozier do to you to get you on his side?"
"Nothing.", James replied.
He realised too late that that sounded somewhat incriminating, denying a clear answer like
that, especially to Dundy.
And yes, a tell tale frown appeared between his friend's brows.
"Is it a secret then?"
"Of course not. We simply... talked, that's all."
"And apparently you read Shakespeare together.", Dundy said.
James felt irritated. "Now who told you that?"
"Everyone on Terror knows it. Now, please don't tell me it's Julius Caesar you're reading, or
else I would need to doubt your sanity."
Unfortunately, Dundy was very aware of the special significance Julius Caesar had to James,
and not just the part where James had played Calpurnia on the St Vincent, but the entire
dynamic between Brutus and Cassius that had so caught him.
"And what if it is Julius Caesar?", James said defensively. "What would be so bad about
that?"
Dundy shook his head. "James, do you... you know... like Captain Crozier?"
"I don't know what you mean.", James muttered.

"Oh dear.", Le Vesconte said, staring at him in disbelief. "You do! Really? Him? What is it
about him that is so irresistible, then? His drinking? His Irishness? His rages?"
"Oh, be quiet!", James told him.
"You know, I was joking when said that I don't want some handsome lad on Terror to snatch
you away, but you just couldn't help yourself, could you? And of course, no one but the
Captain would do for the beautiful, dashing, James Fitzjames, yes no one but a lonely,
brooding drunk of a man-"
"Dundy!", James exclaimed. "Stop it!"
"-has he some hidden talents, perhaps? He can't have, or else Miss Cracroft surely wouldn't
have turned him down-"
Fed up, James shoved Dundy away from him. "I'm warning you!"
Le Vesconte shoved James right back, and suddenly they were having a bit of a tussle. Such
was definitely beneath the dignity of a Lieutenant and a Commander, but they were both
touch starved and perhaps still shocked from the truth about the tins, and so they shoved and
kicked each other until Dundy had James pinned at the door momentarily. Le Vesconte took
the opportunity to kiss James thoroughly, and James only put up a token resistance before
sinking into him.
Dundy was safe, and familiar, and James did care for him like he did for few others.
James looped his arms around the other's shoulders while Dundy pried his lips open with his
tongue, and James felt a sigh escape him.
Perhaps they could just enjoy each other for a few moments...
Sir John's voice outside broke through his lustful haze, and they both jumped apart, and none
too soon, for next Sir John knocked on Le Vesconte's door.
In record time -they had practice with this, after all- Dundy sat back at his table and got his
sketchbook open, meanwhile James smoothed out his hair and leaned casually against the
wall.
Dundy called and admission to enter and Sir John opened the door.
"I thought I might find you here.", their leader said to James. "I hope I didn't interrupt
anything."
Only Sir John Franklin could say a sentence like this without the slightest hint of a double
meaning, James thought.
"Not at all.", James assured him, and Dundy nodded.
"Let's go to my cabin.", Sir John said to James. "Feel free to catch up later, of course."

"Of course."
"Do you want a drink?", Sir John asked, when they were in his cabin. "I hear these things
aren't handled as liberally on Terror as of late."
James shook his head. At the beginning of the voyage, James had always enjoyed relaxing
with Sir John as company; he could be a very entertaining narrator, telling of his exploits in
Van Diemen's land and his previous expeditions -and also Francis's failed suit for his niecebut that had changed, now.
It was simple, James realised; he didn't trust Sir John as he had; he wasn't at ease. He felt a
flash of anger at Francis, even unjustified as it was, for making everything so goddamn
complicated!
But he might as well be angry at the Arctic, for being cold, and dangerous, and inhospitable.
James could admit it to himself now: he had underestimated this place, was perhaps still
underestimating it.
What puzzled him was that Sir John had no such excuse - he had been to the Artic, had nearly
starved here, for God's sake! But perhaps that was the very thing that made him reckless, he
had survived it all once, and now thought himself immortal, maybe.
"How is Francis?", Sir John asked. "Did you leave him well looked after?"
"I did. He's doing alright, for the most part. But we all worry, of course."
Sir John nodded. "To be honest, I had not thought that anything was strong enough to fell
Francis Crozier, but apparently I was wrong."
James considered carefully what to say next. "And what he said to you about the tins...?"
"I understand his point, James, I do. Francis is a pessimist, he sees everything as a
catastrophe waiting to happen. The problem is, that as soon as things actually start going
wrong, men like Francis think that everything else will go wrong as well; even if there's
actually no indicator for that. It looks bleak now; it's winter and everything seems cold and
dead. But do you remember the abundance of hunting we were able to do last summer? It is
responsible for the good state of our stores now, and it will be so again."
James nodded. Sir John's view did make sense, but deep down he still believed Francis was
right. Why? Perhaps it was the dreams...
"But you're sure we'll get through? We don't need to contend with lead poisoning?"
"James, I would never put a the finding of the passage over the wellbeing of a single man on
Erebus or Terror. Surely you know that."
"I do.", James said.
And he did. Sir John loved his crew and cared for them, that James had never doubted.

More than God loves them, he thought.
"The news is shocking to us all.", Sir John continued. "As is the death of Jacko. I already told
Mr. Goodsir that I'm deeply dismayed about that, at least he seems penitent- but we knew
when starting this voyage that achieving our goals wouldn't be easy. This is simply another
difficulty to deal with, and God will ensure us passing it safely, I'm sure."
It would've been so criminally easy to let himself be lulled by Sir John's dulcet tones. And
part of James was. There was another part, however, which remembered Sir John assuring
him that they wouldn't get stuck in the ice with the same confidence.
Fretting about who was right wouldn't help right now anyway, James was here to get
information, not let himself be swayed!
"Captain.", he began carefully. "I couldn't help but notice- well, it appears to me that there is
some strife between you and Francis. Personally as well as professionally."
Sir John sighed, looking at James keenly. "I wish it were not so, James, truly, though you're
wrong in part. Professionally I think there is no better Second than Francis. He has the
experience and the vigor to see this expedition through, and though we disagree on many
points, I always invite his honest opinion."
James doubted the truth of that, but he let it stand, little choice as he had.
"Personally, on the other hand...", Sir John said, letting it hang in the air.
"You needn't tell me, though I suspect it has something to do with Miss Cracroft?"
Sir John rubbed his forehead. "Yes, of course. You see James, I don't mean to be harsh, but
Francis had ideas above his station. Maybe they could be initially excused by his being in
love, but he persisted, even when it had been made clear to him that there would be no hope.
The sheer obstinancy of it was baffling! Not to mention that his suit caused great unrest
within the family."
And what about the unrest it caused Francis, James thought, indignant.
He couldn't help but sympathise with Francis in this, and even admired him for his courage,
his "obstinancy", as Sir John called it.
James himself would certainly never have done as Francis had, in fact, the mere thought of it
made his stomach lurch unpleasantly.
"How was Francis, when he courted her?", James asked.
Maybe Francis had been particularly obnoxious, but that James very much doubted.
"Not much changed, I suppose, especially in front of me and my wife. He was more softspoken, though. And the way he looked at Sophia... As if she might drop from the earth at
any moment and he would be utterly bereft without her."

James stopped short. That was exactly how Francis tended to look at him, now.
"And when she talked, told stories of her day and such, he listened with the rapt attention of a
man captured...."
James remembered that evening on Terror a while back, when Francis had started his strange
behavior. James had told a story, then. And Francis had listened, oh how he had listened...
"Whenever she touched him -all within the realm of politeness, of course- he flushed the
most brilliant shade of red.", Sir John continued. "It would've been quite charming, I suppose,
had I not worried every minute that Sophia might be stupid enough to accept his suit."
James was barely listening.
Oh, what an idiot I've been, he thought.
He had known that Francis regarded him with love, yes, but he had never made the
connection this blatantly.
He'd told himself that at best, Francis was holding some newfound avuncular affection for
him.
But this... this meant...
Sir John looked at him with a sad smile. "I know why you're asking about this. You wonder if
I let my continuing dismay of Francis cloud my judgment."
That did bring James successfully back to the present.
He nodded, abashed. "I couldn't help but ask myself that, yes."
"I understand.", Sir John said. "I do. But rest assured, I do manage to maintain an objective
view of our situation. And Francis and I disagreeing is not an indication of any sort of crisis
between us, it's simply the nature of command."
"I'm relieved to hear it.", James said.
"Good. Why don't we talk of something more agreeable, then?", Sir John suggested. "I've
been giving some thought to your idea of a Carnivale."
"You have?"
James was surprised. He had believed that he would need to use every method of persuasion
known to man to get Sir John to even consider it, and the same went for Francis.
Sir John hummed. "I had thought... perhaps we could organise one for the end of this winter.
It will be a hard time for all of us, and perhaps it will bring some much needed good cheer."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 14: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Francis was working on his sermon when James came back. He had mostly spent the day
exercising with the crutches and smoking with Thomas.
He had wanted to leave the Great Cabin once in a while to give his officers some time to
spend there without his constant presence, and so he had braved the way to Thomas's
quarters.
Thomas himself was busy with all the winter preparations, and so he had left Francis some
time later and let him write at his desk.
Thankfully, Francis had an idea now what to hold the sermon on, but he knew he wasn't Sir
John when it came to pontificating.
Still, a better way to build a rapport with the crew than the Ship's Articles, Francis thought.
At least I hope so.
As it was, he was grateful for the distraction from his thoughts. He was aware that he
shouldn't have brought up the thing with Hickey before James, even though he was grateful
to James for talking him out of executing the caulker's mate.
Heaven knew what James thought of him now. That he was insane, probably.
Too late did it occur to him that James was maybe right now telling Sir John everything,
which doubtlessly would lead to Sir John removing him from command or worse.
But no, somehow he didn't believe that James would betray his confidence. He wished to
believe it, of course, yet he also knew he had given James no reason to trust him.
And James had freely said that he didn't trust him, also...
Francis had to think of the other James then, the James who died. He was the James Francis
had fallen in love with, that Francis could now plainly see.
Were these two men really the same person?
Of course, the answer was yes, but if one were to consider it more, it wasn't so easy.
They had different memories, for one. There was less pain in the James here now than in the
other reality, though Francis fervently hoped it would stay that way.
Still, a bond had been forged in the other time between them that didn't yet exist in this one.
Francis was in the process of rectifying that, but he realised it could never be the same thing,
not really.

Perhaps that was good. As established, he didn't want this James to go through the same pain
as the other one.
But it also meant that he perhaps should stop treating this James as if he were the other one.
I can't, though, Francis thought. That I can't do. It would mean that the other James is utterly
lost to me, that he really is dead.
And so, Francis tried to distract himself with the sermon. His burning need for a drink had
already abated after the conversation with James, but he still felt weak about it, so he avoided
Jopson.
When James returned to Terror, Francis already suspected he had, for he heard Neptune
happily barking on deck.
It took some more time for James to actually seek him out; a good half hour later he poked
his head into the cabin.
"Mr. Blanky told me you were here.", he said, flushed and out of breath. "How are you?"
"Well, for the most part.", Francis replied. "It's good to see you.", he added cautiously.
James smiled, just as cautiously, it seemed. "Likewise. I hope you're not angry that I went to
Erebus, as it was, I needed to speak to Sir John."
"About?"
"The tins, mostly. I'm serious about finding a way to change his mind, as I said...", James
trailed off, chewing the inside of his cheek.
"James, allow me to apologise again for everything I said this morning.", Francis said in a
rush. "It was unprofessional, bad form, and-"
"-very confusing.", James finished his sentence. He held up a hand. "No need to apologise,
Francis. Once was enough. I know you didn't speak from malice."
Francis let out a breath. "Good."
There was a pause, before James said: "And Sir John agreed that we can throw a Carnivale to
celebrate the end of winter!"
Francis's heart sank. "Really?"
"Yes! And mind you, Francis, your leg will be healed by then so you have no excuse not to
go!"
"Well first, we have to make it through this winter.", Francis grumbled. "And for the record, I
think this is a terrible idea."

"Of course you do... But-", James stopped short. "Francis, do you see that something bad will
happen? At the Carnivale?"
"See?", Francis repeated. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"Um, nothing... Just if you have... any sense of foreboding or anything..."
James looked slightly embarrassed, and now Francis was confused.
"I suppose I do, yes.", Francis said, though he quickly regretted it at James's horrified
expression. "But I'm sure it doesn't mean anything. Let the men have their fun..."
"Hm." James seemed thoughtful. "Are you up for Julius Caesar again this evening?"
"I thought we could eat with the officers first, and then read it together.", Francis said.
James's frown broke into a smile. "Francis! Are you finally letting go of your antisocial
tendencies?"
"Nothing of the sort. I just don't want them to think we're conspiring against them with all the
solitary dinners we've had."
Francis lifted himself upright and reached for the crutches.
"Do you want me to carry your papers for you?", James asked eagerly.
Taken by momentary panic, Francis slapped James's reaching hand away. "Do not go near my
sermon."
A devilish grin spread on James's face. "Your sermon, you say?"
Francis raised an admonishing finger. "Hands off, Fitzjames!"
"Alright!", James said, laughing. "I prefer to be surprised by your tender words anyway."
"Trust me, none of this will be tender.", Francis growled.
James just laughed harder, and even though it was at his expense, Francis couldn't help
cracking a smile either.
Finally, Francis folded the paper and put it into his pocket, before he made the journey back
to the Great Cabin.
Jopson was already setting the table.
"No alcohol today, Jopson.", James told him. "We'll all drink water tonight."
Francis started: "That's not necess-"
"After last night, it absolutely is.", James said sternly.

"I concurr.", Jopson said with a nod.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
They made a sad faced lot, so even Francis thought, when Irving, Little and Dr. McDonald
joined them.
Francis knew it was his task to bolster their spirits as Captain, but at the same time, he didn't
want to lie to them and make out the truth about the tins any less devastating than it was.
Didn't he want them on his side?
On the other hand, if he were to kill Sir John, he would only be making himself suspicious if
he disagreed to openly with him.
He had already arrived at the conclusion that Sir John's death had to look like an accident,
nothing else would do.
As he had already thought before, there couldn't the slightest suspicion of murder, and with it,
mutiny when they returned to England, or else they would all be hanged.
But how to do it, that was the question.
Francis had also spent and inordinate amount of time thinking about that, of course.
It seemed a foregone conclusion that he wouldn't be able to do anything as long as his leg
was broken.
Unless he wanted 'outsource the work', as it were, and Francis was determined that he would
drag no one else into this.
Especially not James.
He had thought of poison, then. Would he able to find the same vial of the stuff with which
he had helped James into death in Terror's stores?
He wasn't certain, and even then he would need to make sure that only Sir John ingested it,
and would keep it down.
No, too much could go wrong with poisoning. Unless he could enlist Dr. Goodsir as help, but
that he wouldn't do. Goodsir already had the unfortunate monkey on his conscience because
of Francis, he certainly wouldn't add more lives to that one.
Because it had to appear as an accident, Francis quickly eliminated most other possibilities,
such as shooting Sir John with his pistol - though maybe the whole thing could be
camouflaged as a hunting accident?
But for that, Sir John would need to be persuaded to go hunting in the first place, and take
Francis with him...

"I talked to Sir John today...", James said into the established silence.
Francis found himself hoping that James might start to tell one of his abominable stories to
spread some good cheer.
As it was, Francis loved every part of James, even his stories.
Especially his stories, for they were a sign that he was well.
"And?", Dr. McDonald asked.
James told them about the Carnivale, and that did spread a better mood, as it started a
discussion on what would be the best costume.
Even Francis couldn't fall into brooding about the other Carnivale he remembered, because
James was so excited about it all.
However, then Francis wondered if the James in the other time had been this excited, and
Francis had only not seen it because he'd been going through withdrawal, and he did feel his
countenance turn melancholy.
"Now, you must tell us, Francis,", said James, after Edward had repeatedly declined Irving's
proposal that all the Lieutenants went in a group as angels. "What would your costume be?"
"Why not let it be a surprise?", Francis grumbled.
"Oh, no, you're not getting out of this the same way as with the sermon, Francis.", James
insisted. "If you don't know as who to go, we will help you."
Francis certainly wouldn't make some elaborate costume, sooner he'd go out on the ice naked.
"How about Neptune?", Dr. McDonald asked, which caused Neptune under the table to perk
up briefly.
Everyone laughed, except Francis.
"I mean the god of the sea, not the dog.", Dr. McDonald clarified, but it was too late.
"That's a hard no from me.", Francis said as they were finally done laughing at him.
"Too bad.", James said, his eyes glittering with merriment.
And just like that, Francis felt elated again. He was helpless to withstand a single smile from
James, it was truly horrifying.
"How about an old crone?", Irving suggested. "You know, a wise woman who can tell the
future?"
"Don't you think those people are in league with the devil?", Francis asked his religious third
Lieutenant.

Irving shrugged. "It would only be a costume."
"How about you just let me think of something on my own.", Francis said.
"I dare say it will be Jopson thinking of something on his own.", James stated dryly, which
caused the others to laugh again. "Isn't that true, Jopson?"
Jopson, who had been refilling everyone's water, loyally said: "I couldn't say."
Blast it, James already knew him far too well. Was he really that transparent? Or was James
just so observant?
"Well, then James, as who would you go to the Carnivale?", Francis asked. "Something
showy and alltogether ridiculous, I should think."
James grinned. "I have a few ideas."
"Do share them with the group.", Francis pressed him.
He didn't see why he should be the only one feeling uncomfortable.
James cleared his throat then leaned over to Francis and whispered in his ear, which was in of
itself enough to make Francis almost drop his fork.
What caused him to turn a no doubt telling shade of scarlet though were James's words,
delivered in a husky tone: "Would you like to see me don women's skirts again, just for you?"
Francis tried to assure himself that James was only teasing, and that he didn't know about
Francis's feelings towards him, which had turned so very... physical as of late.
As it was, he could hardly breathe when James drew back and looked at him with that
positively wicked grin on his face.
"What did he say?", everyone demanded to know.
Francis just shook his head weakly.
"Whatever it was, it must've been very indecent.", Irving opined.
James gave a fake gasp. "I'm never indecent!", he exclaimed.
"What did he say, then?", Edward asked.
"I'm not repeating this in polite company.", Francis said, finally having regained some of his
composure.
James shrugged, still grinning. "It's just going to have to be a surprise, then."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After the dinner company had been dismissed in lifted spirits, Francis and James settled in for
Julius Caesar.
Francis didn't know how he was going to make it through the evening with James in such a
mood, a mood that caused James to touch him constantly.
Oh, it was ever so innocent. Just a squeeze of the arm here, a pat on the shoulder there, but it
added up, and Francis could barely think for all this physical contact.
At the same time, James was also in such good spirits that Francis couldn't help but feel
better too, despite everything going wrong.
Francis wondered what or who was to blame for James's ebullient mood - had they still been
in reach of England, he would've guessed that James had gotten a letter from his sweetheart.
But James had no sweetheart, that Francis knew from a conversation he'd had with James in
the other time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Sometimes I envy you.", James had said.
They'd been lying on their cots in their tent at the night, James increasingly ill by then.
"Not much to envy, I'm afraid.", Francis muttered, peering over to James's prone form.
"No seriously, I do.", James insisted. "At least you have someone, in Sophia. I don't."
"Come now!", Francis said with a scoff. "You're the 'handsomest man in the royal navy'! The
ladies must be barging in your door!"
James gave a derisive snort.
"At least it can't be that bad that you envy me an unrequited love.", Francis continued.
"It absolutely is that bad. And also, I doubt your love will be unrequited when you return
home a decorated hero of the discovery service."
"That's not how love works, James."
Francis could hear the other's wistful smile when he said: "Didn't know you were such a
romantic, Francis."
"I'm glad that I still have some surprises in me. And James, you may not be in love, but I
don't doubt that you are very much loved. By many people. Me among them."
"Francis...", James said in a choked voice.
On instinct, Francis reached for James's hand. He wished to do more, to gather him in his
arms and hold him close, but he didn't dare.

"I just wish...", James began, pressing down on Francis's fingers. "I wish I had allowed
myself... to love more. I've always had to be cautious, for various reasons. And now, I'm
going to die not knowing how it feels like-"
"You're not going to die!", thundered Francis. "I'm not going to let you. You will return home,
and then you will have all the love that you want, romantic and otherwise..."
"Francis.", James said again. He was crying.
"Listen to me James: I'll get you home. Even if it's the last thing I do. I'll get you home."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Alright, now for the scene in Brutus's garden.", James yanked Francis out of his reverie.
Francis nodded and cleared his throat.
I promised him, he thought. I promised him and I still have to keep that promise.
"You will read Brutus?", Francis asked James.
For the first time this evening, James looked a little sheepish. "I will, but later in the scene I
was actually hoping to read Portia."
"By all means.", Francis said, trying not to sound alarmed.
As he listened to Brutus struggling with his conscience, Francis actually thought that Brutus
had it comparatively easy. Well, not exactly easy, perhaps, but he could know that his reason
for killing Caesar had no malice behind it.
Brutus, or rather James, said: "I have no personal cause to spurn at him, save for the
general."
Francis had cause to spurn at Sir John, so much was sure. How could he know for certain he
wasn't acting out of petty revenge for everything with Sophia?
Of course, he could say that matters had progressed much farther, and deadlier, than that.
He could say that even if he loved Sir John with all his heart, he would have to kill him. And
wouldn't that make it worse, for he would have to murder someone he cared for?
But on the other hand, he would be sure he was doing it for the greater good, without selfish
reasons behind it.
And that was the very line between doing what was right and doing something unforgivable.
Speaking of people with other motives, when Cassius and the conspirators entered, of course
Francis was to read Cassius again.

Fitting, Francis thought. Cassius talks of the Republic, but no one can deny that he has a
personal grudge against Caesar.
Francis wished that Cassius would elaborate more on it, though. It had to do with Brutus, that
much was plain.
Francis shifted uncomfortably in his chair at the thought that Cassius might be jealous as a
lover, perhaps thinking that Brutus and Caesar were lovers, because it made him think of Sir
John and James together and Sweet Mother Mary, that was an image he needed to erase from
his head at once!
After the conspiracy had been established and Cassius and the others left, a change went
through James. He sighed and squared his shoulders, then read Portia's line: "Brutus, my
lord."
It was really admirable what a changeable voice James had, able to adopt both high and low
tones. All were equally enticing to Francis, because no matter who he read, there was a
quality that was uniquely James that never left his voice entirely.
"Portia, what mean you?", Francis read. "Wherefore rise you now? It is not for your health
thus to commit your weak condition to the raw cold morning."
"Not for yours neither. Y' have ungently, Brutus, stole from my bed...", James replied in his
Portia impression, blinking at Francis with doe-eyes that had Francis quickly lock his gaze to
the page.
It was a singular kind of torture to be playing husband and wife with James, Francis thought.
Especially when James inhabited the role of wife so beautifully.
Portia continued about her concern for Brutus, that he was acting strangely, and it didn't help
that that somewhat mirrored their own situation with Francis's time switching; Francis
fancied he could hear James's genuine concern about him in his voice, and he could only
keep his eyes further fixed on the page and reply with Brutus's gruff: "I'm not well in health,
that is all."
He startled when James took both of his hands, and made the mistake to look up at him.
James's eyes were glowing, and his cheeks were flushed.
"Brutus is wise, and were he not in health, he would embrace the means to come by it.",
James breathed.
Francis was struck dumb, completely caught by James's gaze.
He also realised that under the book spread in his lap, he was growing hard.
Francis tried to make it go away by thinking of the unwelcome image of Sir John and James
in an intimate embrace. Unfortunately it was ill-advised to think of James naked and aroused
in any context, and soon he wasn't thinking of Sir John at all anymore, but James, writhing
under him, moaning in pleasure.

"Why, so I do. Good Portia, go to bed.", he choked out.
How long was this scene again? Would it ever end?
James continued: "Is Brutus sick, and is it physical to walk unbraced suck up the humors of
the dank morning? What, is Brutus sick? And will he steal out of his wholesome bed to dare
the vile contagion of the night..."
James still held the fingers of their hands intertwined while he turned the page with the other,
and much to Francis’s chargin, James seemed to know the text so well that he only barely
glanced at the words in favor of staring Francis directly in the eyes.
Francis silently told his nether regions to behave, but it was to no avail; his cock was fully
erect now, and he only had to thank God that this state was obscured by the book.
"By all your vows of love, and that great vow which did incorporate and make us one, that
you unfold me, yourself, your half, why you are heavy, and what men tonight have had resort
to you; for here have been some six or seven; who did hide their faces even from darkness."
Francis wished for James to stop talking for just one minute so he could compose himself.
But even as James fell silent, he was still so close, and he had been talking of damned
marriage vows and Francis was sure he would expire from a mixture of frustration and
embarrassment.
"Kneel not, gentle Portia.", he muttered, which promptly caused James to slide off his chair
onto the floor, kneeling before Francis.
By almighty God, this couldn't be happening!
"Kneel not.", Francis repeated desperately, but James didn't listen.
"I should not need, if you were gentle Brutus! Within the bonds of marriage, tell me Brutus, is
excepted that I should know no secrets that appertain to you? Am I your self but, as it were in
sort or limitation...", James stopped, chewing his lip in thought, and then did what Francis
had feared and reached for the book on his lap.
Not knowing what else to do, Francis held on to the book with an iron grip.
James huffed in annoyance and at last broke character long enough to say: "Francis, I need
the book. I don't know the lines."
Francis closed his eyes and willed his erection away one last time, but it was to no avail.
May the Lord curse Julius Caesar for all eternity for this, Francis thought, and let go of the
book.
For a moment, he held on to the irrational hope that James would be so focused on the text
that he wouldn't notice Francis's state of indecency, yet the sharp breath James sucked in told
Francis that it was over.

"Francis...", James said, his voice deep again, and unfortunately no less enticing.
Francis knew he must be looking ridiculous, sitting there with a stiff cock and his eyes
closed, as if he held the child's belief that if he couldn't see, no one could see him, but he still
kept his lids pressed closed.
"Francis, look at me.", James ordered.
There was a desperate note to his words.
Slowly, Francis opened his eyes. James was still sitting there, between his legs like a
supplicant.
His expression was open and bare, vulnerable even, even as the color was high on his cheeks
and his pupils were blown wide.
Francis didn't know what he had expected. Mocking laughter, perhaps, or a coldly raised
eyebrow. But not this.
Slowly, James raised his hand and rested it on Francis's knee.
Francis let out a breath, not quite daring to reach for James.
The both watched as James's hand traveled up Francis's thigh. Francis felt it like a brand, and
he couldn't hide anymore how desperate he was for James to touch him.
"Francis...", James said again. "Do you want me as a man or a woman?"
Francis couldn't speak. James's hand had come to a rest on the inside of his thigh, where it
was rubbing small circles.
His cock twitched, yearning for it, even as a denial was ready on his tongue.
If this went any further, he wouldn't be able to hide his feelings from James. He would have
to show him how desperately he was loved, how completely.
James licked his lips, leaning forward slightly.
Francis couldn't help the sound that escaped his mouth, something between a whimper and a
moan.
"Tell me.", James said.
He broke their desperate eye contact to to look at the bulge in Francis's trousers and licked
his lips again.
Francis thought he might expire from pent up lust, and really, in this state there wasn't
anything but honesty, so he whispered: "Both."
James's gaze whipped up again, and he stared, surprised.

"I thought...", he began, his hand still resting a few inches from its target. "I thought it's
just..."
Francis couldn't stand it anymore. "For Chrissakes, come here, James..."
He pulled James up by the shoulders, and James went, shuffling closer until he was almost
touching Francis's front, raised to his knees.
Francis only had to bend down a little, and then their lips were finally, finally connecting.
It was a chaste first kiss, all things considered, James's upper lip connecting with his lower,
before he drew back a little, only to lean in again.
This time, James opened his lips slightly, and Francis felt just a hint of the wet heat his
mouth, and was lost.
He rested his hand at the back of James's neck and pulled him close as their tongues met.
This was even better than the hug last night, for this was James, whole and alive, wanting
him back. Francis was so overwhelmed that he couldn't think of a single thing to do besides
to keep kissing James.
Francis's hand traveled up the others neck into his hair, tangling with the thick, luscious locks
he had always so abhorred, but perhaps a part of him had just wanted to do this, bury his
fingers in them and lightly pull until James moaned into his mouth, like soIn retaliation, James cupped Francis through his trousers, and Francis could feel James smile
against his lips when he gasped.
"James..."
The name a plea, Francis knew not for what. He felt dangerously close to crying, thinking
about his promise and James dying and how he could not stand this a second time, he just
wouldn't be able to.
Not after having him so close, so near, having kissed and shared breath with him.
"Francis...", James answered him, mouthing a path to the other's ear. "Tell me..."
"Anything.", Francis said immediately. "Anything you want."
James stopped short, then gave a laugh. "Dangerous proposal, that."
They were swaying together, James's head resting in the crook of Francis's neck, their bodies
now pressed against each other.
It was this that drew Francis's attention back from weightier matters to his unfulfilled desire,
and he moaned at the friction James's shifting around produced for his cock.

"How do you want me?", James panted into his ear. "My hands? My mouth? Perhaps
something else?"
Francis could barely think, had no idea what to say, and so just groaned something
incoherent.
James drew back a little. He was grinning wildly. "That's not an answer, Francis.", he said.
"Shall I get more specific?"
"James-"
"Should I just bring you off with my hands, or do you want me to suck your cock?"
"James-"
"I suppose if you want to fuck me, we'd have to change the venue to your berth, but-"
"James!", Francis hissed, no doubt bright red.
James blinked innocently up at him. "What?"
"I should've bloody well known you'd never stop talking.", Francis grumbled.
James's grin turned into a leer. "Oh, you like it. Don't pretend."
"I can't really pretend anything in this position.", Francis gasped as James's hand had found
his cock once more and was stroking him over the fabric.
James kissed his lips briefly in such casual tenderness that Francis felt his his eyes water
again. "Exactly."
Francis could think of nothing else but to kiss James deeply once more. James picked up the
movements of his hand until Francis was desperately grinding into him, already dribbling
wetness into his smallclothes.
This was good. Too good.
Which was probably why there was a knock on the door at precisely that moment.
Francis and James broke apart and looked at each other for a panicked second, before James
jumped into action. He thrust the Complete Works of Shakespeare at Francis to cover his lap
and himself got to his feet and turned around away from the door and looked out the window
in a casual manner.
However, this wasn't before Francis had seen the tell-tale rise in the crotch of James's own
trousers, which made his throat dry.
The knock sounded again, and Francis, willing his voice be steady, called an admission to
enter.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Sorry to stop there, for reasons that shall become clear I needed to switch POVs real
quick :)

Chapter 15: James
James was going to murder whoever was coming through that door, he was sure.
Though he had to admit that perhaps it was wise to interrupt this before it could end in
disaster.
The disaster in question being James, taking Francis's no doubt lovely cock in his mouth and
sucking him off until he came down his throat.
James closed his eyes and tried to think of something, anything else.
Yes, he had started this evening by intentionally riling up Francis, mostly to test if Francis
really desired him.
Who could've known that Francis would respond so delightfully and well, bodily, to James's
efforts?
James had already suspected that Francis had a weakness for him playing the woman, from
his reaction last time, but even then he had told himself that was only because Francis was,
perhaps, reminded of Sophia by this, not because he wanted James.
But he had been wrong.
Good God, the look in Francis's eyes as he'd kissed James, as if he couldn't fathom loving
anyone else...
It was intoxicating, plain and simple.
James opened his eyes again just as the door opened behind him.
"Frank, I've just wanted to ask-", came the voice of Mr. Blanky. "Oh, hello Commander. I
hope I'm not interrupting anything."
You have no idea, James thought desperately. He turned half-way around as not to seem rude
and looked at Mr. Blanky stepping into the room with a huge grin on his face.
"There is no need for that bloody insinuating tone.", Francis said from his place at the table.
"I don't know. Isn't there?"
"Mr. Blanky.", James said with a sigh. "Is there any good news about the ice?"
Blanky immediately looked grim. "I wish there was. But this ice, I don't like it. In fact, the
more time we spend here, the less I like it."
"Why?"

"It's more of a feeling at this point.", Blanky said. "Anyway, what's this talk about a
Carnivale?"
"Sir John agreed that we could hold one at the end of winter, if the pack hasn't moved us to
open water by then.", James told him.
"We will hold a Carnivale then, because I don't think this ice will move us anywhere. It's...
indolent in nature, I think."
James saw Francis nod. James was a little lost on if it was good or bad if the pack ice moved
or not, because he had heard it spoken of in both terms. The answer probably was, as with so
many things in the Arctic, that it depended on the exact circumstances.
Also, James had to admit that all he wanted right now was for Mr. Blanky to leave, and
promptly so he could jump on Francis rather like a ravenous hyena.
"Is there anything else?", Francis asked, probably trying to sound casual but missing the mark
by a long shot.
Blanky looked back and forth between them, and James really didn't like the knowing look in
his eyes.
"Oh, I just came by to keep you from expiring from loneliness, Francis, but since you've
already got company..."
"Thank you, Thomas, but James and I were just discussing-", Francis looked frantically
around the room before landing on the book in his lap. "-Shakespeare.", he finished lamely.
"Well, then, I leave you to get on 'discussing Shakespeare'.", Thomas said.
Whistling, he strode out of the room and closed the door behind him.
As soon as that had happened, James turned, walked across the room, and locked the door.
Only too late did he realise that Thomas had probably heard the key turn on the other side.
What of it, he thought. He surely isn't going to inform on us.
It seemed at this point that Thomas Blanky would just as well cheer them on in delight, given
his previous behavior.
That done, James finally faced Francis, who's gaze had followed him. He looked absolutely,
helplessly devoted that James's breath stuttered in his throat. He really should've seen this
earlier, and he had, but never had he thought to put the pieces together in this way.
"James...", Francis said, his accent more pronounced, making it Jeames.
James cursed and pressed the heel of his palm against the front of his trousers, trying for a
little relief.
"Come here.", Francis ordered, more assured now.

It made James's knees weak. He clambered over on coltish legs. He knew he had a...
proclivity for Francis's command voice, as he had already realised during their reading of the
storm scene with Cassius and Casca, as well as with his disagreeable thoughts about Mr.
Hickey, but he would never have dreamed that it would matter so intimately so soon.
Perhaps it was dangerous. Francis could order him to do anything to him, and James would
obey.
God, he wanted to do things to Francis.
Following his most immediate instinct, James arranged himself on his knees in front of
Francis again.
Francis leaned down for a kiss, and James gave it to him, as dirtyly as he could make it,
before bringing his lips to Francis's neck.
They were decidedly too dressed for this, James thought, while he kissed a path down to
Francis’s collar.
"I would love to see you bared to me.", he said, pressing himself against Francis's clothed
cock like he had before. "To make my way down your chest-"
Francis moaned and pressed back, his fingers finding their way into James's hair again.
"-and further down, your stomach, your lower belly, and further, until finally-"
James blindly fumbled with the buttons of Francis's trousers, when Francis reached down,
presumably to help him, but he tangled their fingers together instead.
"James.", he whispered. "Are you sure about this?"
James huffed, impatient, but Francis persisted: "I care so very much for you, I don't want you
to do this... for the wrong reasons."
Again, that loving gaze.
James swallowed. "What are the wrong reasons then? Mine are that I want to have you, right
now, and I'm sick of waiting." He raised an eyebrow. "Is that permissible, Captain Crozier?"
Francis seemed to search for something in James's expression, found it, and nodded carefully.
"So... you've waited for this?", he asked.
"Oh, ages.", James replied with a wink. "I didn't think you would..."
"James...", Francis sighed again as James teased him through his trousers.
This time, James got his buttons open, and reached inside of his smallclothes to draw out his
cock.

It was a lovely thing, and James hummed in appreciation. He started to stroke as Francis
kissed him again.
After a while, James backed off and leaned down.
Francis was red and already leaking in his hand, and the sight of it made James's mouth
water.
"James-"
"If you're going to ask me if I'm sure again I'm going to murder you.", James murmured.
Without ceremony, James put his mouth on Francis, taking in the tip and sucking while his
hand still stroked his shaft.
Francis cursed, then put one hand over his mouth to stifle his moans. James was saddened by
this, he would've loved to hear Francis as he took him apart.
Perhaps one day, when we're back in England, he thought.
It was a dangerous consideration, thinking of any possible future with Francis, even while he
was sucking him off.
And there was something else. James couldn't picture himself and Francis back in England
again. Even in his dreams, being taken by Francis in wide beds with creamy sheets, they
always somehow ended up back in the Arctic again.
James pushed the thought away, he didn't want this real encounter to be marred by the death
in his dreams.
Francis tangled his other hand in James's hair, pulling, and James moaned around his
mouthful.
He focused on that, the smell and taste of Francis, so divine on his tongue.
Francis was clearly struggling with the effort to keep his hips still, though James encouraged
him, taking more in, feasting himself on Francis’s cock.
James rested one hand on Francis's thigh, and used the other to touch himself over his
trousers.
Francis looked down and saw it, gasping his name in a way that made James ravenous with
desire.
He softened his throat and swallowed Francis down to the root, and Francis cursed again.
"James...", he warned. "I'll not last long if you keep that up, oh, God..."
James felt tears spring to his eyes from his efforts, but he loved it, loved everything, loved
Francis...

He did. In that moment, he did. And he could tell himself later that it was unwise, and
foolish, and that Francis was keeping secrets from him and was otherwise absolutely the
wrong person to fall in love with -the reasons starting with his gender. While James enjoyed
sex with men, he always took care not to give his heart away to one.
James pressed into his own hand harshly as he bobbed up and down on Francis's cock, and
Francis pulled his hair again, apologizing only once before he realised how much James
wanted it.
It was always sweet, taking a little pain with one's pleasure.
"Look at you...", Francis breathed. "Oh, Lord, James..."
James closed his eyes, as he couldn't hold the reverent look on Francis's face anymore.
He didn't know how to process the information that Francis clearly already loved him, for
some reason James couldn't fathom.
There was different sort of pain in that, not the pleasurable kind, but something that had to do
with death and illness and this place James was still struggling to understand.
Even with his eyes shut, James could feel that Francis was close.
The thought excited him once more, and he redoubled his efforts.
"Oh, James, I'm going to-"
James gave a nod as best he could, not drawing back, and second later Francis was flooding
his mouth with his seed.
James swallowed it all, keeping Francis in his mouth while he softened, even as Francis was
reaching for him.
"Blasted leg...", Francis cursed. "Come here, James..."
James opened his eyes again and let Francis's member fall from his lips.
"Francis...", he said, his voice raspy.
"Come here.", Francis said again, and James surged upwards.
Careful in his haste, James arranged himself on Francis's lap. Before he could ask if that was
alright with the broken leg, Francis was already getting his trousers open.
"I would do more than this if I could.", Francis whispered as James leaned down to kiss him.
"You'd suck my cock?", James asked into his mouth.
"Yes.", Francis hissed, starting to stroke James quickly. "I'd-" He stopped.
"Say it, Francis...", James groaned.

He pushed himself into Francis's fist, too far gone to care if he was too eager or seen burning
for the other's touch.
"I'd suck you off until you spend down my throat, and then I would-" Francis stopped again,
bright red.
"Don't stop..."
James didn't know if he meant Francis's clever hand, or his talking, or both.
As it was, Francis tightened his grip around him and continued: "I'd explore you with my
tongue, every part of you until you were begging me, and then I'd lick you open, down
there..."
"Christ, Francis!", James panted, writhing in the other's lap.
"And I'd fuck you, first with my fingers and then with my cock, until you spent a second
time..."
James's eyes threatened to slip closed again, but Francis was quite the sight, so flustered and
determined at the same time.
He was close, so closeBut there was something else, something slithering up to him like a snake from behind.
He had to think of his dreams again, because this was the moment they usually turned into
nightmares, right on the cusp of climax.
Were his gums rotting? Was his strength draining away? Was he bleeding from his bullet
wound?
"Francis.", he gasped, clinging to the other, hoping desperately to stay in the present.
"Francis, please..."
Francis's eyes widened even further, but they didn't lose any of their affection as he cradled
James's cheek with his free hand.
"Please...", James begged. "I can't-"
It was as if his soul was trying to leave his body and get lost in the horrors of the nightmare.
James pressed his lips together. He wouldn't- wouldn'tHe didn't know what Francis read in his gaze, but it made him say: "Yes, James, I have you...
I have you... Stay with me..."
James tried as he cried out and gripped Francis's sturdy shoulders hard enough to bruise.
"That's it.", Francis mumbled gruffly. "That's it, stay with me, come for me..."

James felt his every muscle contract, a tightening in his balls, and he let out a great moan
while he labored towards his climax.
"Francis!", he almost sobbed, and then he was coming, spilling in Francis's hand and on his
uniform.
James fell into Francis's embrace, absolutely boneless, as if he'd just been hit by a carriage.
It was over. And he wasn't sick, wasn't dying.
James would've cried had he had the strength to, as it was, he just weakly buried his face in
Francis's shoulder.
Francis stroked his back, murmuring comforting words, a mirror of their situation yesterday.
God, had that only been yesterday?
And speaking of, how had Francis known what to say? Was he not just clairvoyant, but could
he read minds as well?
The mere idea was greatly unsettling.
And then something occurred to James. It made his chest clench in fear, nay, terror, and
perhaps that was the reason he hadn't thought of it sooner.
He tried to push it away, but the idea was too oppressive.
Francis's hand was still on his cock, his other one stroking up and down his back. They were
so close, and what had seemed irresistible only seconds ago was now terrifying.
"Francis.", James mumbled.
It took him a second try to raise his face and look at him.
Francis was smiling at him with a gap-toothed grin that had no right to be as adorable as it
was, but still, James only halfway registered it.
"James.", Francis replied, gently teasing.
James shook his head. "Francis, do you know..." He swallowed, gathered his courage. "I'm
going to ask you something. Promise me that you will reply honestly. Promise."
"Of course.", Francis said.
His grin disappeared and he touched James's cheek again with his clean hand. "What is it?"
James took a deep breath. "Do you know... about the circumstances of my birth?"
A myriad of different expressions crossed Francis's face, before a horrible blankness
slammed down like a shutter.

"What has that to do with-"
"No. You promised. So tell me: do you know?"
James stared at Francis, willing himself be wrong. Willing Francis to be confused, but he
wasn't.
Francis closed his eyes briefly. "James-"
"You know, don't you?" James felt his voice rise, and break. It was as if there were glass
shards in his throat.
Francis looked at him for beat, then he nodded. "Yes. I know."
James recoiled from him, he couldn't help himself. He scrambled off Francis's lap and stood
on shaking legs.
"James-", Francis began again.
"How?", James demanded. "How do you know?"
It could've been that Francis had found out somehow back in England. Perhaps he had picked
up the story from someone close to James, or he had hired a private investigator, or Lord
knew what else.
Somehow, that would've been more bearable, if still horrifying.
Francis set his jaw. "I can't tell you."
Now, James wished someone would knock on the door and save him from this moment.
Even if it was Sir John himself, James would welcome it.
But there was no knock. James turned away from Francis and tucked himself back into his
trousers, buttoning them as the silence stretched between them.
James almost raced to the door, unlocked it, an ran, for he never wanted to set eyes on
Francis again in this moment.
This was his greatest fear, he realised. The shame of his origins had always accompanied
him, even more so when he had to lie about it all, which was often. And it wasn't just that, it
was the permanent pretense he had to keep up, the facade that could never waver.
He had always been wary of Francis, and apparently he'd been right to worry.
Oh, dear God, the shame of it.
James felt like something had been taken from him against his will.
"You must tell me how you know.", James forced out, directing his words at the wall.

"James, please, I'm sorry-", Francis sounded desperate. "I can't tell you. I'll tell you
everything else, but not that."
James snarled like an angry, wounded animal and turned around.
Francis was looking at him with the same affection as before. But it couldn't be.
It had to all be a lie.
I care so very much for you...
"James-"
"Don't.", James said. He feared he might weep if Francis continued. "Please don't."
Wordlessly, he pulled his handkerchief out of his pocket and handed it to Francis so he could
clean himself up.
Francis finally had to break eye contact when tending to the semen stains on his uniform, and
James bit his lip and looked away.
"I shouldn't have done this.", James said hollowly. "It was a mistake, all of it."
That seemed to finally make Francis angry. "You enjoyed it well enough.", he replied. "How
can you-"
"Yesterday, you wanted to hang a man for sodomy!", James exclaimed. "I don't know you. I
don't know you at all."
Francis's rage evaporated as quickly as it had come. "James, you must believe me-"
"I must nothing!", James interrupted him.
As Francis was decent again, he reached for the door and turned the key.
"Please, stay, and let me explain-"
"No, Francis. It is clear as day that you won't actually explain what matters, so why should I
listen to the rest?"
James couldn't stand to be in this room for a second longer, or else he would cry and Francis
would know even more of his weakness.
"Good night.", James forced out, before storming out and to his quarters.
~~~~~~~~~~~
James knew he was pathetic, but once in his bunk, he stripped off his uniform and curled up
into a ball under the blankets.
He quietly cried himself to sleep, unable to stop the tears now that he was alone.

He woke again from a nightmare where his tears had turned into blood and wouldn't cease,
staining his pillow red.
It was the beginning of the morning watch, too late to fall asleep again, normally for James
early enough to rise, but he stayed in bed for the moment.
He felt absolutely drained, and didn't want to start the day and face Francis.
For the first time since Francis's fall, James had the desperate wish to return to Erebus. His
ship, where he belonged.
At Sir John's side, who would never put him through what Francis had put him through.
But James knew he was himself to blame. He had given his affections too freely, been
careless, and now he reaped the consequences.
He tried to think of what he could've done different yesterday.
Not sleep with Francis, obviously.
James sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. Perhaps he should've done more to ensure
Francis's silence.
Francis had all the power now; he could blackmail James, force him to do as he pleased;
surely the Francis of only weeks ago would've rejoiced at that?
How long had Francis known the truth?
James couldn't say, but he was aware that Francis had never attempted to use it against him.
Why?
Of course, he had seen the depth of Francis's regard, but James couldn't believe in it anymore.
His mind was ready to twist into something else, a perverse kind of pity, perhaps.
There goes James Fitzjames, the great pretender. Don't you know, everything about him is
one great, vain lie...
James shifted, pressing his eyes closed.
Could he pretend as if yesterday hadn't happened? He would have to. He would have to keep
his true feelings tightly locked inside himself as he did his identity.
It would work. He had practice, after all.
James sat up and squared his shoulders. Time to stop hiding in bed and get up. He dressed
himself and called for Gibson to shave him -a test of a sort.
The stewart didn't notice anything amiss, but while he attended to the business at hand, it
occurred to James that Gibson was probably the one sleeping with Hickey.

Francis had said that Hickey was committing sodomy on this ship, and James had seen
Gibson and Hickey together so often that there really could be no other conclusion.
James wondered if they had a more proprietary relationship or genuinely cared about each
other.
Most often, it was the former, and James himself was very much aware of the danger of
letting mere physical gratification become a matter of the heart.
Until recently, that was.
On the other hand, Hickey and Gibson wouldn't spend so much time together at other
activities if they didn't at least have a passing liking for each other, would they?
James wanted to walk over to Erebus right this instant to avoid meeting Francis for at least
another few hours, but when he was about to go, Lieutenant Irving stepped up to him and
asked him if he wasn't going to stay for Sunday Service.
Right, it was Sunday and Francis was going to deliver his much-anticipated sermon.
James wanted nothing more but to go over to Erebus and hear Sir John instead, but that
wouldn't make a good impression among the Terrors.
Like it or not, right now he was part of Terror's crew, not Erebus's, and Sir John would also
be greatly disappointed if he showed up on Erebus now, James was sure.
Francis's intention to hold a sermon had made through to Sir John.
"This is fortuitous indeed!", their leader had told James happily. "Am I right in deducing that
it was your good influence that lead Francis to reconsider his efforts for Sunday Service?"
"I couldn't say."
"Oh, don't be so modest.", Sir John had said, clapping James on the shoulder. "It was truly a
capital decision to have you go over to Terror, I do say!"
James winced internally at the memory. If it continued like this, Sir John might never want
him back!
The way to Erebus being barred from him, James went back below decks -it was even colder
than in the last days, and even James could predict they would be in for a harsh winter.
It somehow hadn't seemed this grim at Beechey.
Not wanting to run into Francis anywhere, James went back to his quarters and decided to
pass the time by writing down a few observations for Elizabeth.
After spending an inordinate amount of moments staring at the blank page, he finally forced
himself to focus and write out something that didn't have to do with Francis or poisoned tins.

Francis had arranged for his Divine Service to be held on the lower deck, due to the
temperatures outside.
James'd had a few hours to fortify himself with the idea of standing next to Francis, close
enough to touch, while he held his sermon, and keep a dignified expression throughout.
Mr Honey had fashioned them a wooden platform, as Francis would have to stay seated with
his leg propped up.
James watched him approach on his crutches, his face set with a determined set of his jaw. He
didn't look at James.
"I have to admit, I'm curious.", Lieutenant Little said. He seemed to be in a better mood
today.
"I'm more than curious.", Irving put in. "After having the pleasure of hearing Sir John speak,
one is spoiled, of course... But I believe in our Captain!"
He smiled encouragingly at Francis, who gave a grave nod as he arranged himself on the
platform besides James.
Then they waited as the crew gathered around them. They also seemed in good spirits, but
then they didn't know about the lead.
They just thought there was another winter in the ice ahead of them, cold, but manageable.
James had his hands folded behind his back, but he could've touched Francis's shoulder had
he dared.
Francis was ignoring him entirely, but in a way that didn't necessarily point to anything amiss
between them to someone who wasn't privy to what had passed between them yesterday.
"I will read now from the book of Job.", Francis began in a clear, ringing voice.
James perked up in surprise. The book of Job again? He had thought Francis would pick
something, anything else.
"Canst thou draw out leviathan with an hook? or his tongue with a cord which thou lettest
down? Canst thou put an hook into his nose? or bore his jaw through with a thorn? Will he
make many supplications unto thee? Will he speak soft words unto thee?..."
Aha. Francis was talking about the leviathan. That seemed definitely a different way from Sir
John's focusing on Job's suffering.
"Job asks God if the leviathan can be tamed.", Francis continued. "If there is anything on this
earth that can temper it. And the answer is no. The leviathan is chaos, the leviathan is a
monster, the leviathan is without mercy; anyone who would think to tame it, to bend it to his
will, to master it, will fail."

"Upon earth there is not his like, who is made without fear. He beholdeth all high things: he
is a king over all the children of pride."
"The leviathan thus exposes the sin of pride.", Francis said. "In any man who believes he can
stand independent of God. For it is only God that can triumph over the leviathan; for the
leviathan is, like all of us, God's creature. But there are those who believe they can tame the
leviathan, who believe they can act as God, because they believe God loves them; and they
will be punished for their pride, as any sinner is."
For James, the parallels to Sir John were rather obvious; he just hoped they weren't to the rest
of the crew.
This sermon was Francis's act of rebellion, James now saw. It was his way of defying Sir
John.
"But how, you may ask, might we deal with the leviathan, if we can't hope to tame it?",
Francis continued. "Should we just let it devour us, offer us up as sacrifice to this higher
power? I say no, we should not. We can't hope to tame the leviathan, but we can live with it.
We can make sure that it doesn't attack us, that we are not devoured by its jaws! We have to
face it on its own terms, we have to respect it as a fellow creature of God..."
Probably every crew member had by now seen that the leviathan was a metaphor for the
Arctic, and they nodded sagely, hanging on Francis's lips.
"Do not expect mercy from leviathan, because you're strong; it will be stronger. Do not
expect mercy from leviathan because you're good men; it feeds on bad and good ones alike.
Do not expect mercy from the leviathan because your cause is just; it does not care for such
things."
James felt the truth of those words, thinking of the picture of their landscape out on deck. The
dreary beauty of the Arctic.
And he could hear, in his head, Francis's words continuing:
Do not expect the winter to end.
Do not expect thaw to come come spring.
Do not expect to hunt, or fish by God's grace.
"You may face the leviathan and live. It is possible. But you have to let go of all pride, all
thirst for glory, all pretensions of convention; there is only one thing reigning supreme:
survival. May God have mercy on our souls."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 16: Francis
Francis had experience by now with making mistakes. Any man his age would have.
He knew, of course, that some mistakes cost more than others; and that was doubly true in the
Arctic or Antarctic.
His mistakes there had served to make him a careful man, at least when it came to these
climates. In other things in life, not so much.
And so he had made another mistake, and he could already see that it would cost him dearly
on a very personal level.
He should've never, never have engaged in sexual congress with James Fitzjames.
He had no excuses, other that he had been thinking with his nether regions instead of his
brain.
There had been the unbelievable joy of James wanting him back, something Francis had
thought impossible.
But Francis knew they should never have done it regardless. In such states, Francis couldn't
hide anything from James- indeed, he didn't want to. Yet he had to keep the secret of his time
switching, since he had to keep the secret of his plan to kill Sir John.
Everyone who knew about that ran danger of being hanged for mutiny back in England, and
Francis would not have it.
Especially not with James, whom he had personally promised to save.
No, what Francis needed to do was keep his distance from James, so he wouldn't find out the
truth. Francis had come dangerously close to telling him, yesterday.
It was you who told me the story of your birth, you damn idiot!
It was clear that this James didn't trust him as the other one had, but then, Francis hadn't
given him cause to.
Still, it caused Francis no small amount of pain to remember the look in James's eyes
yesterday, fear mixed with distrust and anger.
They were miles away from the rapport they'd had on the long walk.
As James had stormed out, Francis wanted nothing more than to follow. Lay all his feelings
at his feet, even if they were to be scorned, only because in this time, he still could.
However, Francis had stopped himself from doing that.

His reasons remained the same. He couldn't drag James into this, more than he already had.
He couldn't tell him the truth.
Francis would just have to... restrain himself from acting on his feelings. He just wished there
was some way he could reassure James, tell him that his secret was safe with Francis.
That Francis didn't care, that he loved himNo, stop, Francis thought.
The night had been difficult. He had lain in his bunk, cold and alone, unable to think of
anything but James in his arms only hours ago.
Had his leg not been broken, he would've gone to him and told him everything, his good
intentions be damned.
At least he had finished the sermon yesterday.
Sunday Service was also the next occasion he saw James, all done up in his uniform, no trace
of the passionate and loving man of last night, but a cold professional.
Francis tried not to look at him too closely and focus on his sermon.
He knew he shouldn't have made it so blatant, perhaps. James, for one, would surely know
the meaning behind his tirade of human pride.
On the other hand, Francis saw these words as one of the few opportunities he had to get the
men ready.
Even with Sir John's death, the worst would be far from over. There would be another long
walk to contend with, and even though their chances were better a year early, that didn't mean
it would be easy.
He studied their faces as the crowd dissolved, was invariably drawn in by the countenance of
Mr. Hickey, who looked thoughtful, as he shuffled out of sight.
Perhaps it was time to talk to him once more, if Francis could trust himself around him.
He didn't want to kill Hickey any longer, but he was still angry with him.
Oh so angry...
No, maybe he should wait a few days yet before talking to Hickey.
Francis turned in his chair and looked at James, who was staring straight ahead. He needed to
distance himself, yes, but this state of not even being able to gaze at another couldn't persist,
Francis thought.
"James.", he said.

James twitched on his feet, before regarding him coolly.
"Captain?"
"Might we speak? In the wardroom?"
"I had actually planned on walking over to Erebus, sir."
Francis felt each of James's words like a battering ram. Gone was any kindness, any rapport
between them.
"Just a few words.", Francis said. "Please."
He could just order James to stay, yet that would only create more distance between them.
James's lips thinned, but he nodded.
Francis took his crutches and made his way back to the Great Cabin. James followed, not
saying a word throughout.
Francis hobbled over to his seat of ease and sat down as James closed the door, still silent.
There had been a time when Francis would've rejoiced that James had finally shut up, and it
was tragically ironic now that his silence was pure agony.
"James, I wanted to apologize.", Francis began, when he realised James wasn't going to speak
first.
"For what?", James asked.
"You know what.", Francis said desperately.
Damn it, he didn't have James's gift with words, and felt it keenly in this moment.
"I'm afraid I do not.", James spat. "Is it the fact that you know my greatest shame and refuse
to tell me how, or simply that you bedded me, sir?"
Francis winced. "James-"
"Was it very amusing for you? Looking at me and pretending to respect me, when really all
you could think about was how pitiable I am, how low-"
"What the devil are you talking about?", Francis demanded, his own voice rising. "I never, in
my life once thought you were pitiable, even when you were-"
-dying, Francis almost said.
"Even when I was what? Foolish enough to believe you really cared about me?"
Francis shook his head. "James, you must know that I never cared about your origins, and
when I found out all I thought was that it must've been hard for you, living with that hanging

over your head. It wasn't fair, it shouldn't have mattered. To anyone."
James stared at him, shaking his own head now. He looked absolutely feral, brimming with
emotion, and Francis could scarce believe that this was the same man who had stood so
impassively next to him during his sermon.
"You don't- I don't-", James stuttered, then gathered himself. "Stop lying! I know you've
always hated me, and that is the reason. Don't pretend as if you didn't sit there all these
months across the dinner table, sneering at me for all my pretense!"
"I sneered at you because I thought all manner of disagreeable things about you, none of
which turned out to be true!", Francis shouted, because rage was easier than tears.
"And how-", James hissed. "-do you know that, hm? How do you know me?"
Francis was absolutely lost for words, at least words that would be permissible to speak
aloud.
I know you because you sank into my arms after the Carnivale, both of us stained with soot,
and told me that you wanted this nightmare to be over.
I know you because I held your hand as your grip got weaker, and said that I would get you
home.
I know you because I hit you and still you told me all I needed to hear.
I know you because you looked at me and saw someone you cared for, and respected, perhaps
even loved"I don't.", Francis forced out. "You're right, I don't know you."
James closed his eyes briefly, then opened them again. "Francis, what-"
"You should go over to Erebus. Let's not forget where your real home is, Commander
Fitzjames."
If James could escape into formalities, Francis could do the same thing, even though it hurt,
deep in his heart.
"Alright then.", James said. "I'll go. Is there anything else?"
Francis didn't want him to go, obviously. But there wasn't anything he could do.
Someone knocked on the door, then. It was Mr. Bridgens, over from Erebus.
"Sir John send out a hunting party.", he said breathlessly after greeting them. "Apparently,
Mr. Collins spotted a polar bear off the starboard bow, and now Lieutenant Gore is leading a
party to kill it. I'm to let you know."

Francis stopped short. He didn't remember any of this from the other time. Perhaps the tins
had convinced Sir John of the importance of hunting?
"Thank you, Mr. Bridgens.", James said when Francis stayed silent. "I was just about to cross
over myself."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
With James gone, Francis sought out Dr. McDonald.
"I don't know what to think of this hunting party.", the doctor said. "Isn't it far too late in the
year for such a thing?"
"Aye.", Francis replied. "But we need to take what we can get, the situation being what it is."
Dr. McDonald nodded. "How can I help you, Captain? Do you feel another seizure coming
on?"
"I don't, thank God.", Francis said. "It's just that I'm going over all the supplies we have, and I
would appreciate a list of all the medical remedies you have. For completion's sake."
Francis had decided that he wasn't going to rule out poison entirely before looking at what
was available.
Dr. McDonald nodded. "I can walk you through the stores, if you like, Captain."
He produced paper and ink and proceeded to tell Francis about the medical supplies. Francis
listened, and he didn't need to be chemist to know that he could probably kill multiple men
with the arsenic alone.
The laudanum was also used to help suffering people into death, Francis was aware.
Likely the reason Bridgens hadn't given him that for James in the other reality was because
there had been too little left to kill him.
Francis tried not to think too closely about that, lest he fall into melancholy and would want
to seek refuge in drink again.
He needed to stay sober, to plan carefully.
"I liked your sermon, Captain.", Dr. McDonald told him. "It is good to know how well you
understand this place we're in, and that you make the men understand it too."
"Thank you.", Francis said.
Dr. McDonald looked thoughtful. "What do you think Commander Fitzjames will tell Sir
John about what you spoke of?"
So the doctor had seen the undercurrent criticism of Sir John in Francis's sermon. Well, at
least he didn't seem angry about it.

"He will tell him whatever he likes, and frankly I don't care what that is.", Francis said.
Of course, with losing James's regard came the added disadvantage of James maybe going
over to Sir John's side of things again.
Though Francis didn't think James would be so shallow. If Francis had convinced him well,
James would put the safety of the expedition above petty personal concerns, he was sure.
When he was back in the Great Cabin, contemplating the list of poisons available to him,
Thomas came to join him.
"The hunting party should be back by now.", he opined. "If the bear was that close, it couldn't
have gotten far."
Francis didn't have to capacity to worry over the hunting party on top of everything else,
though perhaps he should have, since he was the only one who knew that Tuunbaq was still
out there.
The beast was a factor he hadn't considered much until now, mostly because he had no idea
how to stop it from attacking them, if it so chose.
Save for somehow avoiding it -he had an inkling that the entire first meeting with Lady
Silence needed to be stopped, or happen differently so they didn't kill her father.
"The weather is temperate, for now.", Francis replied to Thomas. "We can cross between the
ships easily. Surely the bear can cover a lot of ground too?"
Thomas nodded. "I just keep thinking that something is wrong, some disaster will happen. I
know it in my bones, Frank."
"Disaster already happened.", Francis said. "I need to tell you something. In the strictest
confidence."
Thomas was silent as Francis explained about the poisoned tins. He was silent for a good
moment after, before he looked at Francis and said: "Well, now I understand your sermon
better. What will you do if our fearless leader doesn't see reason?"
Francis wished he could tell Thomas, who would certainly agree with him, but he didn't want
to see him hanged, either.
"He will see reason."
"You've got Fitzjames on your side, at least?"
Francis nodded. "He told me he will do everything he can to change Sir John's mind."
"That's good, at least."
They talked some more, and Francis was relieved for the distraction, though at the back of his
mind he kept worrying that James wasn't back yet.

Which was ridiculous, since James had already stayed over on Erebus much longer on
previous instances, and then they hadn't been fighting.
It was almost time for dinner, and James still wasn't back, when Francis made the decision to
try to go on deck with his crutches.
He just had to see the real sky again, even if just for a minute, or he would go insane staring
at so-called medical remedies he contemplated slipping into Sir John's food in a dosage high
enough to kill.
Thomas helped him, and when he was finally standing outside, Francis felt tears spring to his
eyes. Oh, how he had missed this.
Of course, there was the unwelcome sight of the ice to temper it, but Francis barely noticed.
He hobbled to the railing and asked for a spyglass.
It was getting dark, but still light enough to see Erebus clearly.
"There is someone crossing over, Captain.", the voice of none other than Mr. Hickey said
behind him.
Francis turned rather as if someone had slashed a knife at his back.
Mr. Hickey, wrapped in as many layers as he, raised a surprised eyebrow at him.
"Where?", Francis asked.
Hickey pointed. Reluctantly, he turned around again and adjusted the angle of the glass.
Indeed, there was a figure out on the ice.
"Is it the Commander?", Thomas inquired.
"No.", Francis said.
It was hard, even with a telescope to recognize anyone, but Francis knew James's gait rather
well. The person walking towards them now clearly hadn't been on the ice often, as he
stumbled quite a lot.
"It's Dr. Goodsir.", Francis determined after a few moments more.
And where the hell was James? Perhaps he had begged Sir John for his position on Erebus
back, and Sir John had complied.
That meant Francis wouldn't see him again until his leg was healed, which seemed like a
harsh punishment.
Francis decided to move back inside; it was getting too cold anyway and he couldn't move
around a lot.

He told Thomas to bring Goodsir into the Great Cabin -in case he was making some kind of
social call unrelated to Francis.
It didn't take long for the both of them to appear; Francis was still attempting to get all the
layers off him without calling Jopson for help.
In the end, Goodsir and Thomas helped him, which wasn't any less humiliating.
Once they were all seated, and Francis did ring Jopson for tea, Goodsir said: "I'm here to talk
to Dr. McDonald. It's because of-" Goodsir paused and looked at Thomas.
"Thomas knows about the tins.", Francis assured him.
Goodsir nodded. "I'm just very frustrated with Dr. Stanley, he doesn't see the immediacy of
the threat at all. I had thought maybe with Dr. McDonald on my side, we could take some
initiative as doctors and talk to Sir John..."
"That's a very good idea, Dr. Goodsir.", Francis said, trying to sound optimistic of its success.
"What news of the hunting party?", Thomas asked.
"That's the other reason I walked over.", Goodsir replied. "The hunting party still hasn't
returned, even though they were under strictest orders to be back by now, bear or no bear. So
Sir John sent out a search party. Commander Fitzjames insisted on leading it."
Francis let out a torrent of curses, he couldn't help himself.
"... that stupid, idiotic, vainglorious-", Francis stopped, as he realised everyone was looking
at him strangely. "Surely Sir John had objections that man of such high rank shouldn't
endanger himself like that!", he said instead.
"He did.", Goodsir said. "But Fitzjames convinced him to let him go."
Francis cursed again.
Why is it that James only needs to blink his pretty eyes once and Sir John lets him do
whatever he wants?, he thought. If only Sir John was as malleable on other matters...
"Calm down, Frank, I'm sure he will be fine.", Thomas said with a knowing look.
"He's going to get himself killed!", Francis thundered. "He only needs to slip and fall out in
the shale and then-"
"Fitzjames is a grown man, and he has been hunting on the ice before.", Thomas assured him.
Francis covered his face with his hands. "It's my fault, absolutely my fault he did this."
Goodsir cleared his throat. "I'm sure that's not true! He said he was doing it to bring the men
back safely, and since he can walk fast he can cover a lot of ground quickly."

Francis sighed and somewhat composed himself again. "Of course he did. Thank you for
telling us, Dr. Goodsir."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now all they could do was wait, and Francis was about ready to scream his frustration to the
heavens after half an hour.
He saw James before his inner eye, gutted by Tuunbaq the same way it had Mr. Collins and
so many other men.
Goodsir had gone to talk to Dr. McDonald, but Thomas stayed with him.
"Will you tell me what went wrong between you and Fitzjames, then?", Thomas asked after a
while of Francis brooding in silence.
"Don't start.", Francis grumbled.
"I'm just a little surprised is all, things seemed to be going so well only yesterday."
Francis felt mildly alarmed. "Thomas, I'm sure I don't have to ask you not to tell-"
Blanky made a dismissive gesture. "What, you think I'm going to be running to Sir John
about this? I'm hurt, Francis."
"I'm sorry, I just needed to be sure."
"I've seen a lot of things in my life, Frank, some of them with you, and I've long ago come to
the conclusion that love can exist in the unlikeliest of places, the law be damned.", Thomas
said. "And it is love between you, isn't it?"
Francis opened his mouth to deny it, but then realised there was no point in lying.
"Yes.", he said. "I love him. But I don't know... I don't know if he returns the sentiment."
Thomas nodded sagely, as if he heard such things all the time.
"That's always the question, isn't it? But if it helps, I'm certain that he greatly cares for you.
And if he doesn't already, he is sure going to grow to love you in time, once he gets to know
you better."
Francis scoffed. "Because I'm so lovable."
"You are making and effort, aren't you? And as your friend, Frank, I happen to think that
you're very lovable, with all your faults, which, trust me, aren't more than those of any man
you pick."
Francis stared at Thomas in surprise. They normally didn't talk about such things, but that
made it doubly nice to hear it.

"Thank you, Thomas.", Francis said, a tad awkwardly.
"You're welcome. So what is it that happened, then?"
Francis tried of a way to share his confidence without exposing his friend to the danger of the
truth and also keep James's confidence.
He certainly wouldn't prove James right by telling anyone the story of his birth...
"He doesn't trust me.", Francis said finally. "That's the heart of it. He thinks I somehow want
to trick him, to make him low."
"And why does he think that?"
"I couldn't... Damn it, Thomas, I shouldn't be talking about this with you!"
Thomas raised an eyebrow. "Who else is there? I know, I know, you want to stay silent and
brooding about this, drawing in to yourself. Convince yourself that you deserve all of
Fitzjames's ill will. Am I right?"
Francis said nothing. Of course Blanky was right.
"So, what made him think that?", Thomas asked again.
Francis sighed, and gave in. "Our past antagonism, I expect. He thinks I'm just pretending to
like him now, when the truth is I always..." He broke off, realising the truth.
"Go on."
"-I've always cared for him, in a way. He could get my hackles up like no one else, and I
thought I hated him, but actually I... I was just bitter, and lonely. Thinking he could never
want me back, perfect as he is."
Thomas nodded again, considering. "And why the hell-", he began. "-are you sitting here
telling me that and not him?"
"It's not that simple.", Francis grumbled.
"It's exactly that simple. You've got to be honest, Frank. Share yer heart."
If only I could, Francis thought.
But even if he told James the entire truth, about the time switching and everything, he
probably wouldn't be receptive to it in this state.
"I have to earn his trust.", Francis said.
This was actually vital, for even if Francis never confessed everything and killed Sir John on
his own, he and James would still have to lead the men home.
There needed to be trust between them for that to work.

If James doesn't get himself killed first searching for the hunting party, Francis thought.
~~~~~~~~~~
Had it been possible, Francis would've stayed on deck with his telescope out, searching all
directions for signs of the search and/or hunting party, but in addition to the darkness, the
wind started to blow heavily and became a storm around midnight.
Even Goodsir stayed over on Terror, just to be safe. At least he and Dr. McDonald were
getting on swimmingly, but that didn't surprise Francis.
Francis quickly determined sleep to be impossible and stayed up keeping the log- which
devolved into him just staring at the pages quickly, as if he hoped to glare them into
submission.
He must've fallen asleep after all, because next thing he knew there was a commotion on
deck loud enough that Francis could hear it, which meant that the storm had stopped -and
indeed, the wind wasn't howling quite so loud.
Francis almost raced the way before getting any of his slops on, also forgetting momentarily
that his leg was still broken, when his Lieutenants burst into the room.
"The hunting party is back!", Edward exclaimed. "They were nearer Terror, so they came to
us!"
"Is Commander Fitzjames with them?", Francis asked before he could stop himself.
"He is. And they brought two Esquimaux with them! One is in need of medical assistance,
and I'm asking if we have permission to treat-"
"Of course!", Francis yelled. "What are we, savages? Get McDonald and Goodsir to them
immediately!"
"Aye, sir." Little made a gesture towards Irving, who ran to make the order fact.
"Unfortunately, Lieutenant Gore is dead.", Edward continued. "They are a little unclear as of
yet what killed him, and they don't have his body, but apparently it was some sort of bear.
Not the Esquimaux, that they confirmed."
And so it begins, Francis thought.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 17: James
James was aware that all his actions did was confirm that Francis had gotten under his skin.
Yes, he did want to bring the hunting party home safely, and a part of him liked to think he
would've volunteered to search for them even without everything that happened with Francis.
Perhaps he would have.
On the other hand, he probably wouldn't have been on Erebus when Sir John wanted to send
out the search party, but on Terror, frolicking in Francis's arms (or otherwise spending time
with him).
They set out, him, Pilkington (the only marine who had stayed back) and John Morfin, who
had volunteered as well. It was already nearly dark. They were to only check the immediately
surrounding area and then return, lest they get into trouble themselves.
Despite the worrying circumstances, James felt excited to walk for a while again, even if it
was over ice and not land.
They would have to use the stars as their guide, useless as compasses were in this part of the
world.
They were head in the direction of King William Land, since that was the course the hunting
party had taken.
James watched the landscape in the light of his lantern. Even though it wasn't flat, and one
mostly had to look at the ground as not to trip over ice, he felt exposed and didn't like it.
He also noted the huge berg that had formed a good way west of the ships.
Dundy had not liked him volunteering for the search party, same as Sir John, but in the latter
case James had been able to convince the other that there was little danger.
With the rifle slung over his shoulder, he would certainly be able to handle a goddamn polar
bear.
He had not told even Dundy what had happened between him and Francis, thinking it was for
the best. But that also meant that it kept nagging at him.
Now, out on the ice, he came to the conclusion that he definitely needed to find out what
Francis was keeping for him, his own discomfort be damned.
This was about the expedition as a whole, not just James's own personal drama.
Perhaps Francis could see the future, perhaps not, but he definitely knew things he wasn't
supposed to. James thought back to their argument.

What if he hadn't been lying? What if he genuinely didn't care?
James couldn't fathom it.
Sir John had of course also asked him about the sermon Francis had given, and there he had
of course had an opportunity to get Francis into trouble, but he hadn't taken it.
"It was rather grim, but he seemed to have taken inspiration from your own sermon about
Job.", James had said in as bland a tone as he could manage.
"Oh, did he? What did he say?"
James wondered why he was instinctually protecting Francis. Mere weeks ago, he would've
called himself mad for that, and after yesterday...
"A lot about the leviathan.", James said. "He likened it to the Arctic as a whole, and told us
how we need to survive it."
"Very clever.", Sir John conceded. "I may go over to talk shop a little with Francis, as it were.
It's really a shame that he let his talent go so unused out of indolence."
"There are people ahead.", Pilkington announced, bringing James back to the present.
They were all wrapped to their eyes in clothes, yet James could still feel how it was getting
even colder, mostly because the wind picked up.
It was true, there were figures, moving towards them; with no light, possibly because they
didn't want to scare the bear.
It was indeed Lieutenant Gore's hunting party, coming to meet them, and soon James was
standing before Lieutenant Gore himself, as James recognized by his green comforter.
"Commander! Have you come to look for us?"
James confirmed this. "You were supposed to be back by now!", he yelled - they all had to
yell through all their layers.
"The bear took Sergeant Bryant!", Gore explained. "It happened very fast, none of us got a
good look at it. I can't turn back if there's a chance that Bryant is still alive."
"In which direction did it drag the man?", James asked. "Are there drag marks on the
ground?"
"There were in the beginning, where there was still snow, but around here they petered out."
There wasn't really anything else to say but that they would help find Bryant and then return
to the ships together.
In the beginning of their voyage, James had talked a lot with Goodsir about the white bears,
as they were a fascination of the assistant surgeon's.

"They're supposed to be very intelligent, and they like to play with their prey."
So the fact that a bear would drag off one of the men without killing him yet wasn't
surprising. How the bear had managed to sneak up on the party hunting it, was more so.
It gave off the uncomfortable appearance that the bear had been hunting them and not the
other way around.
"I think its lair has to be close.", Lieutenant Gore said. "We were just about to light our
lanterns, because we can't properly find it otherwise."
Aside from the Marines and Lieutenant Gore, James saw Des Voeux, Collins, who had
spotted the bear and seemed to have been taken along as a sort of good luck charm, and
Lieutenant Hodgson, who had apparently been nearly running up the walls of Erebus in
boredom, like so many others in this party.
Hodgson was clearly itching to talk to James about the newest gossip on Terror, but they had
to be silent as they pursued the bear.
However, James thought that their heavy footsteps on the ice must surely be loud enough to
alert any bear in a two-mile radius, especially if they were as smart as Goodsir had said.
They happened upon a veritable labyrinth of ice, and even with the lanterns and the stars out,
it was difficult to traverse.
"It appears that the bear has the advantage here.", James said.
"Pardon?", Hodgson next to him asked.
"I said, the bear has the ad-"
James was interrupted by a scream and a dull thud from behind.
James grabbed his rifle and told Hodgson with a gesture to keep holding the lantern so they
could see.
The first thing that Hodgson's hand illuminated was the body of Sergeant Bryant on the
ground. Well, it wasn't clear if it was Sergeant Bryant, since part of his head was missing, and
he was covered in blood and brain matter.
On instinct, James aimed the rifle up, as the body had to have fallen off one of the ridges.
"It was there!", Mr. Collins exclaimed, shakily pointing where James was aiming the rifle. "It
was up there... And it wasn't no bear, sir. It was something else."
"It's a fucking bear. What else would it be?", Des Voeux said from somewhere behind.
James felt fear, then, deep in his bones. As a soldier, he was used to let his fear work for him,
but that was somehow easier when besieging a city than hunting an unkown animal on its
native turf that could disembowel people.

There was a movement on the ridge. James immediately pulled the trigger, and after the
sound of the shot, a loud, inhuman growl emenated from the direction.
It didn't sound like a dying animal, but rather like one about to attack.
Some of the others likewise shot in the direction, but before they could think of doing
anything else, there was a movement now to James's right.
James saw something large -impossibly large for a white bear- descend in a shadow on Mr.
Collins, and he heard Collins scream again.
James, who had torn off his mitten with his teeth to reload, took aim again, but it was hardly
easy in the darkness and he didn't want to hit Mr. Collins.
The bear -James still called it that in his head, even though this massive beast resembled no
bear he had ever seen- reared upwards and James took the shot.
Mr. Collins was let go and fell to the ground, but otherwise the bullet seemed to have no
effect on the monster, as it roared and started towards James.
James knew that running was futile, and so he threw himself to the side, hoping that the thing
just wanted to get past him and not actually attack him.
It wanted to attack him, of course.
James stumbled and fell to the ground, - everything was happening very fast. He heard it
growl again, impossibly loud, as he got a face full of snow, and felt its warm breath on the
back of his neck, even through all his layers -he barely had time to wonder if that was the last
thing he would ever feel, before it retreated as quickly as it had come.
James turned around, grabbing the useless rifle again like a scared child clutching a doll, and
sawIt was dark, and the wind had picked up, bringing snow and gale with it, shrouding the stars.
But their lanterns were still glowing, and for a moment James wished it was not so.
What he saw couldn't possibly be explained by any kind of rationality he knew, in fact, for
him it defied reality itself.
The monster was enormous, and it most definitely wasn't a bear. It had grabbed someone Lieutenant Gore, as it turned out- and it was looking at him with an intelligence that James
had never seen in any kind of animal.
Then it used its claws to break him apart.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James had trouble remembering the next moments.
Lieutenant Gore was gone, dragged away by the beast.

The men were in a panic, and in that panic one of them shot his rifle at the next movement
that appeared along the ridge.
This time, the bullet hit something - or rather someone, as it turned out.
James must've ordered the men to stand down, must've gone to make unfortunate first contact
with the two Netsilisk people, one of whom they had shot.
Later though, he couldn't recall.
The next thing he remembered clearly was waiting out the storm in the labyrinth, together
with the Netsilisk.
They were a man and a woman, and it turned out that Des Voeux had shot the woman in the
shoulder.
The language barrier posed somewhat of a problem - no one in the hunting party spoke the
Netsilisk tongue.
Nevertheless, James apologized and told them that there were doctors back at the ships - this
accompanied by several broad gestures that perhaps were more hindering than helpful on the
whole.
The man tried to tend to the woman, but there wasn't much that could be done in the storm.
It was only after a while that James noticed that the man didn't talk at all, and it was the
woman who spoke. Probably mostly to spit curses at them, and James couldn't say that he
blamed her.
He himself was still a bit dazed about their entire appearance out of nowhere, so soon after
the beast had gone. His entire head felt foggy and numb, and he didn't really understand what
was happening.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It turned out that Mr. Collins was well enough to walk, which was good, because the
Netsilisk had only brought one sled, and that was used to carry the body of Sergeant Bryant.
The woman walked, at her own insistence.
She argued about it with the man, who made a gesture for her to lie down -was he mute,
perhaps? - at which she protested.
The walk back to the ships wasn't long, yet it felt like an eon to James. He was sure he
wouldn't have found the way back had Pilkington not been leading it.
They had searched for Lieutenant Gore, of course, but in addition to copious amounts of
blood, there were other parts of him on the ice, and it soon became clear to everyone that
there was no chance of finding him alive.

None of them spoke much as they walked, all of them taken by the terror of what happened.
James also watched the two Netsilisk, making sure that the woman was alright walking. She
was holding her shoulder, face scrunched up in pain.
James was ready to order the men to carry Bryant's body and get the woman on the sled, but
as soon as he made the gesture she again protested.
He realised why, somewhat belatedly through all the shock. It was very cold, and she wanted
to keep moving so she wouldn't freeze to death, or at least still had a nose come morning.
When finally the Terror came into view, James was ready to fall to his knees and weep, and
immediately scorned himself for that overemotional reaction, he was the best walker in
service, after all.
He was in such a state that he didn't even note caveat of being in sight of Terror first - Francis
was on Terror, after all.
They were greeted by the morning watch, and of course immediately a thousand questions
rained on James, before the Lieutenants arrived and made everything a little more orderly.
"Get Dr. McDonald.", James told them. "We have two injured."
"And two dead.", Hodgson added. "Though we couldn't bring the body of Lieutenant Gore."
"But apparently, you brought others.", Irving said, gesturing to the Netsilisk.
"We shot her by accident. She and Mr. Collins need a doctor, immediately."
"I need to tell the Captain first.", Little said. He seemed a bit overwhelmed with the situation.
"Mr. Hartnell, you get the doctors McDonald and Goodsir."
Goodsir was here? Interesting. And fortuitous, as they got two injured.
Moments later found them in sickbay, and everyone was yelling at each other.
The Netsilisk woman was yelling at Dr. McDonald, who was yelling back at her in her
tongue - they were all yelling to make themselves heard over James likewise asking Dr.
McDonald what the woman was saying, and Mr. Collins moaning in pain under Goodsir's
ministrations.
James was impatient to get some clarity about the two strangers at last, and only noticed
belatedly that poor Dr. McDonald was rather overtaxed.
Then the door was thrown open and Francis hobbled in, asking in a thundering voice what
was going on.
Everyone was silent at once.

James stared at Francis, but he was busy looking at the Netsilisk woman with an expression
of shocked awe on his face.
Francis said something in the Netsilisk tongue, at which Dr. McDonald nodded, saying
something else himself.
The woman answered, also visibly calmer now, and afterwards she allowed Dr. McDonald to
look at her shoulder.
The man, who had been hovering protectively at her side, stood back.
Dr. McDonald proceeded to tell everyone to leave his sickbay who didn't need medical
attention - though the Netsilisk man stayed, of course.
"I'll report to you in the Great Cabin.", James told Francis.
Francis finally looked at him, seemingly overcome. In the end, he just nodded brusquely and
took up his crutches, while James reluctantly followed.
Once Francis had sat down on his seat of ease and James closed the door, James realised he
had no idea what to say.
He had no words for what had happened.
We met what seemed to be a version of Frankenstein's monster, out in the ice?
He was suddenly very, very glad that he was standing in front of Francis and not Sir John though that would follow later, he supposed.
"I know you might not want to hear it, but I'm very happy that you're alright, James.", Francis
said.
James had stood at attention next to the door, keeping his distance from Francis, but his
words were so disarming and well, to be honest, that he suddenly wanted to race over to
Francis and pull him close.
He carefully took a few steps towards him, instead.
"Thank you. Though I'm not- well, I'm not injured, but-" James stopped, trying to gather
himself. "The thing that attacked us, it wasn't a bear, Francis. It was something- something
that shouldn't exist on this earth."
Francis nodded sadly, not even seeming surprised.
James, who had been ready for at least cautious disbelief, stared at him in realisation.
"You knew!", he said. "You knew the thing was out there!"
Francis sighed. "No-"

"Don't try to deny it! I'm utterly sick of you lying to me, and I won't have it!"
"I could just order you to make your report and keep your disrespect to yourself.", Francis
said, sounding pained.
It seemed that they both fled to their difference in rank when upset, James thought. Anyway,
he was too angry to pay any heed to that.
"Direspect? That's rich coming from you, when you don't even respect me enough to tell me
the truth.“, James hissed.
"Damn it, James, I'm trying to protect you! You have no idea what I-", Francis said in a rush,
then stopped himself. "Make your report, Commander. I suggest you do not test my patience
further."
There was a part of James that wanted to provoke Francis, a part that had always been there.
And Francis commanding him like that only made it worse.
James licked his lips, and a hot jolt went through him when he realised that Francis followed
the movement with his eyes.
No, that decidedly wasn't the time for it!
"What if I don't want to be protected, Francis?", James asked, making another step towards
him. "What if I want to help you, share your burden?"
Francis shook his head. "It doesn't matter what you want. This isn't about you."
"About you, then. And about this entire expedition, if I'm right. So yes, about me, too.",
James said softly.
Francis looked angrily at him. "I could order you confined you don't cease."
"I see you'd rather act like a tyrant than tell me the truth.", James said coldly.
Francis pressed his lips together, then sighed again. "James, I'm going to ask you to trust me.
I know you don't, yet I'm asking anyway. I'm doing this for your own good-"
"Why don't you let me decide what I-"
"-and the good of every soul on this expedition. Please, James. Please."
James saw the earnestness in Francis's gaze, the desperation. He wanted to trust him, he
really did.
James pinched his brow. "Damn you, Francis. Why do you always have to..."
"I'm sorry.", Francis said. "You can't believe how sorry I am."

James stood there a moment and gathered himself. Focus on the matter at hand, he told
himself.
"So you know about the monster.", James said. "Do you also happen to know how we can kill
it?"
Francis looked thoughtful, lost in another time. "I don't think he we can kill it. I've long
thought we could, but..."
"How can we appease it, then?"
"I don't know. But, I believe we have two people on board who do know."
"The Esquimaux.", James said.
Francis nodded. "I hope we can persuade them to stay so long as the shoulder of Lady Silence
needs to heal. And mind you, they are both to be treated with every courtesy. Tell that to the
rest of the men."
"I will. But what did you just call the woman? Lady Silence?"
Francis winced and said nothing.
"Francis.", James began carefully. "You know, you might not think I'm open minded enough
to believe a... supernatural explanation to all this, but I've seriously been wondering over the
last days if it's true that you can see the future."
Francis looked surprised. "And if I can?", he asked.
James had expected him to deny it. He had wanted Francis to deny it, he realised. Because if
it was true...
James finally gave in and went over to Francis. He crouched before him and took his hand.
"Then tell me that it isn't- That it's not... fixed. Tell me we can change it, still."
Tears glistened in Francis's eyes. "We can change it, James. I believe it. I have to, for else I-"
Thinking of no other way to shut Francis up (James didn't want to hear anymore, somehow a
vague pronunciation he would doubtlessly get would be even worse than cold, hard facts)
James kissed him.
It was just a quick press of lips, but it served its purpose, for Francis was quiet, staring wideeyed at James.
James realised he had no idea what to say, either, and he cleared his throat and drew back.
When he was standing again a few paces away, he told Francis: "I'll make my report now,
sir."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 18: Francis
Chapter Notes

I'm a little late because I had an exam and also food poisoning :(
Please enjoy this chapter though!

Francis had trouble focusing on James's report, if he was honest, even though he knew it was
important he listen to how they had encountered Tuunbaq.
But he still felt his lips burning from James's kiss. Even though they had done so much more
just two days ago, Francis was overwhelmed by it, the same as he was by their conversation.
So James believed he could see the future. That wasn't that far off the mark at all, and Francis
swore to himself not to underestimate James's intelligence again.
He had almost told him everything in that moment, but James's lips had stopped him
effectively.
When James was at the end of his story, Edward knocked and came in. "Sir John is on his
way over here, Captain.", he said. "I've sent all members of the hunting party who weren't
injured over to Erebus."
"What about Lady S- the woman?", Francis asked.
"The doctors bandaged her shoulder. She is resting. The man with her is her father,
apparently, but other than that Dr. McDonald couldn't gather much information."
Francis repeated his order that the Netsilisk people were to be treated with every courtesy,
and that he would speak to them when Sir John had left.
Little nodded, but instead of leaving he sort of hovered at the door awkwardly.
"Sir...", he began.
"Yes?"
"I believe that Sir John will be interested in the particulars of your sermon when he arrives,
and also that Lieutenant Irving will be happy to provide them."
Good Lieutenant Irving hadn't been very convinced by his sermon, Francis knew. He had
probably hoped for something more along the lines of Sir John's usual style.

"Let him.", Francis said. "I would be a tyrant indeed if I didn't invite criticism."
James gave him a thin smile.
After Little had left, Francis asked James: "And which parts of your tale will you tell Sir
John?"
"Everything, I should think.", James replied. "I see no reason to lie to him, even better, it
might convince him to finally see the seriousness of our situation."
Francis shook his head. "Believe me, James, Sir John will not accept your story as fact. He
will say that in your shock, you saw things bigger as they were, and that it was naught but an
ordinary bear."
James looked irritated. "Will he? If you were to tell him such a story, maybe."
"What's that supposed to mean?", Francis asked, though he knew, of course.
"Christ, I'm sorry.", James said, running a hand through his hair. "I didn't mean- I'm just tired
and frustrated-"
"You meant that Sir John likes you far more than he does me, and so might be inclined to
listen to you."
James flushed, but quickly gathered himself. "Graham died, Francis. He died a most horrible
death, and it would cheapen his soul and that of Sergeant Bryant to make up a lie."
"I agree.", Francis said.
He wondered dimly if he could perhaps have prevented this somehow, whether he should
have prevented it.
In the other time, Graham Gore had a whole other year to live -David Bryant as well, if he
recalled correctly.
He was definitely already changing the timeline, but was he changing it for the better?
The entire incident with Tuunbaq seemed to indicate he hadn't, save for the fact that they
hadn't killed the father of Lady Silence...
Maybe that was the key. It was Goodsir who had told Francis, back in the other time, his
theory about Tuunbaq and the Netsilisk.
"I believe that there is always one of them who is somehow linked to the beast, and the
cutting out of the tongue symbolizes that sacrifice - perhaps it's a sacrifice to Tuunbaq itself. I
suspect the father of Lady Silence was in that position before we accidentally killed him - so
no wonder that it attacked us. We killed its caregiver."
Now both Lady Silence and her father were alive. Maybe they could tell the beast to stay
away from them....

But why would they?, Francis thought dully. We have given them no reason to like us.
"Besides, the others will corroborate my story.", James said. "Surely Sir John won't think that
we suffered some sort of mass hallucination."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When Sir John came, James and Francis were waiting on deck. Much to Francis’s dismay, Sir
John had brought Dr. Stanley, who immediately proved Francis right by saying: "I do want to
make sure Mr. Goodsir treated Mr. Collins right, as I understand your real doctor was busy
tending to a bunch of savages?"
"We thought it would be best if Dr. McDonald treated the woman, since he's able to speak her
language, Stephen.", James said.
Stanley's expression softened a little as he regarded James. "Of course, sir. Still I'm here to
offer my assistance in tending to Mr. Collins."
Then Sir John stepped up to James, putting both hands on his shoulders. "My dear James, I'm
so glad to see you well. I was already told about the horrible loss of Graham and the
Sergeant. Terrible business, truly. Of course I am also eager to hear your report, so let's not
delay."
Sir John and James shared a look for a moment, shared grief, before Francis took his crutches
and led the way to the Great Cabin.
Seeing Sir John so upset about the two deaths made him feel pensive. Francis was reminded
again that the coldness towards him was an exception as to how Sir John treated people, and
even then, Sir John would probably grieve his death as well.
It had also occurred to Francis as James was talking about telling the truth and his own
consideration about things happening a year earlier, that perhaps he could make Tuunbaq kill
Sir John a year earlier as well.
If he could be persuaded to put together another hunting party...
Of course, that would put other men at risk as well, and Francis was loathe to do that, but if
there was no other way...
However, he couldn't be sure that Tuunbaq would kill Sir John, and indeed, he wouldn't have
it if it killed innocent men and Sir John escaped...
As they settled in the great cabin, Francis saw that James looked absolutely exhausted. He
hadn't slept, after all, and was still reeling from the encounter with Tuunbaq.
Francis would make sure he would go to sleep after this conference.
They sat at the table, just James remained standing.
"Please, sit down.", Sir John told him. "No need to stand on ceremony here."

Grateful, James pulled up a chair. For the second time today, Francis heard the story of the
encounter. Sir John interrupted often, with questions, so it took a while until James arrived at
the point of the beast.
"It wasn't a bear, that is certain.", James said. "It was too big and too intelligent."
"Intelligent?", Sir John repeated.
"Y-yes. Its eyes, they were- there was something human about them, sir. In the way it
assessed things."
"Surely not!"
James chewed the inside of his cheek. "I can't explain it better, but it is the truth."
Sir John nodded and indicated him to continue, which he did.
"And there was absolutely no chance of recovering Lieutenant Gore alive?", Sir John asked
later.
"None, sir.", James said. "We found... parts of him out in the shale, along with his blood. He's
dead."
"Savagery.", Sir John murmured. "And you are sure that the Esquimaux aren't hostile?"
"I'm sure.", James replied. "The shot was an accident, and they readily accompanied us to the
ships later."
"Well, I want them off this ship as soon as that woman's shoulder is healed. All they do is eat
away at our precious stores."
Francis disagreed, but he wasn't going to say anything for now.
"So, you believe my report?", James asked Sir John.
"James.", Sir John began in a fatherly concerned tone. "I do believe that you're telling the
truth as you saw it. I know what it's like, out there on the ice, where nothing is as it seems. I
saw some strange things there that I thought real at the time, but they turned out to be nothing
more than mirages of an overtaxed mind."
"You think Lieutenant Gore was killed and dragged off by a mirage, then, sir?", James asked,
visibly trying to keep to a polite tone.
"Oh, there was a bear out there, no question about it. But it was a bear. The darkness and the
ice made you and the men see something else."
James's eyes strayed over to Francis for a second, and Francis wished to reach over the table
and take his hand.
"Sir John-", James began.

"It's quite understandable, I say, quite understandable. The only question now is, how do we
take revenge on this bear, for killing two of our own? Hunting it will only get more and more
difficult, as we can't stay outside for much time."
"Bears too take winter quarters, don't they?", Francis said. "It will likely be still near come
summer."
Sir John nodded. "Go get some rest now, James, Francis will tell you the rest tomorrow."
For a moment, James looked like he was going to protest, but then his exhaustion probably
won out and he obediently rose.
Sir John stayed to talk about the funeral arrangements. They agreed that they would hurry,
before it got even colder and they wouldn't be able to hold the funeral outside anymore.
"I must say, I miss you at my table, Francis.", Sir John told him.
For the life of him, Francis couldn't tell if he was genuine.
"Are you taking care of yourself? Resting the leg and such?"
"Of course, sir.", Francis said.
"No further epileptic fits?"
"None."
"Good. I shall stay for dinner another time, as I want to make sure the hunting party on
Erebus is alright after what they survived."
Francis said that he understood and that it was no trouble. He certainly didn't have the desire
to spend more time than necessary with Sir John. However, the part of him that hadn't quite
let go of the idea of poisoning him knew it would be best to have an opportunity to observe
his eating habits.
"Oh, and Dr. Goodsir said that he wishes to stay to speak to the Netsilisk people.", Francis
told Sir John.
Sir John sighed. "These people are not our concern. But he may stay if he so wishes, I'm
certainly taking Dr. Stanley with me again. Mr. Collins should also stay, until he is healed
enough to walk back over."
"Of course."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sickbay was crowded when Francis arrived there after Sir John had left. In addition to the
sick and the doctors McDonald and Goodsir, there was Thomas Blanky, who was talking to
the Netsilisk woman.

"I called Mr. Blanky.", Dr. McDonald said. "He is the one who understands their language
best out of all of us, I think."
"She doesn't want to talk, though. Not that I blame her.", Thomas said.
"Alright that's it. Everyone out!", Francis thundered. "Let the poor woman rest!"
After everyone had squeezed themselves past Francis and left, including the doctors, leaving
just the sleeping Mr. Collins on one cot, Francis approached Lady Silence. She was lying on
her cot with her eyes half closed, her father holding her hand.
"I will leave you to rest soon.", Francis said in the Netsilisk tongue. "I just need to ask you a
few questions."
Lady Silence opened her eyes fully to regard him, and said nothing. Francis hadn't forgotten
the piercing intensity of her stare, how it seemed to judge them all and find them wanting,
entirely justifiably.
"It's about Tuunbaq."
Obvious surprise on both faces. The man made a gesture, and Lady Silence asked: "Who are
you?"
"I'm known among your people as Aglooka.", Francis said. "This is my ship, my men, and I
would like to lead them back to safety."
"Why are you here, then? This is not your land. You are..." Lady Silence stopped and looked
at her father. "You are not safe here."
A chill went down Francis's spine. However, that was a good question. Francis could try to
explain about finding the Northwest Passage, but that would be lying, at least in his case.
He hadn't cared a whit about the Passage when he'd signed up for this expedition, well, he
hadn't cared a whit about anything, except Sophia.
"We know that.", Francis said. "Some of us do. And we mean you no harm. Hurting you was
an accident."
Lady Silence was, characteristically, silent.
"I know Tuunbaq is out there.", Francis continued. "I've met him before. Will you please tell
us how we can make him not hurt us?"
"You've met Tuunbaq and survived.", Lady Silence said. "How did you do that?"
Francis searched for the right words. "It wasn't... it wasn't the right way. I had angered
Tuunbaq."
The door opened in that moment. Francis was ready to yell at however had deigned to disturb
him against his expressed order, when he saw who it was.

"James! What's wrong?", Francis exclaimed.
James looked terrible, even more exhausted than before, and Francis, always wary to see
James unwell, felt his heart clench. Of course it was no wonder, James had seen the violent
deaths of not just one, but two crewmates, and Graham Gore had probably been a personal
friend.
"I- I came for a bit of laudanum.", James mumbled. "Can't sleep."
"Nightmares?", Francis asked.
James nodded. He looked so unguarded and small in that moment, that Francis wanted to
race to him and gather him in his arms.
As it was, Francis took his crutches and walked over to James, taking his limp hand. James
looked down at their intertwined fingers as if they could tell him the secrets of the universe.
"I'm sure Dr. McDonald is in his quarters. Go ask him for the laudanum.", Francis said gently.
"If you like, I can check in with you after I've talked to our guests."
Francis bit his tongue for being so forward, but he wanted to help James as best he could.
James's gaze fell on the Netsilisk. "Hello again.", he said awkwardly. "Will you tell the
woman I'm sorry for us shooting her?", he added with an earnest gaze at Francis.
"My friend apologizes for your injury.", Francis told Lady Silence. "As do I."
Both of the Netsilisk absorbed this, looking at James rather than Francis.
After a moment, James turned back to him. "I will seek out the doctor.", he murmured, then
left.
Francis cleared his throat and went on his crutches back to Lady Silence and her father.
"I had angered Tuunbaq.", he repeated. "I would know how I can appease him."
"Leave.", Lady Silence said. "Take your ships and leave."
Francis could've screamed in frustration, but he forced himself to remain calm.
"We can't leave right now. The ships are stuck, and it's winter."
The man made another gesture at Lady Silence. "Do all your men want to appease
Tuunbaq?", she asked.
Francis could lie and say yes. However, he was sure that he wouldn't be believed. And that
was the problem: he was the leader of his men, which automatically meant he was
responsible for everything they did. He had been responsible for Hickey killing the Netsilisk
family in the other reality, just as much as he was responsible for Des Voeux shooting Lady
Silence in this.

Well, technically it is still Sir John who is in charge of Des Voeux, a tiny voice inside him
said.
But it didn't matter. If they wanted mercy from Tuunbaq, they needed all to be worthy of it.
And Francis had no idea how to ensure that.
With another sermon, perhaps?
"My men don't know the ways of Tuunbaq.", Francis said. "It is only I who met him before.
They still think they can kill Tuunbaq."
"Then Tuunbaq will kill them."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
After her dire pronouncement, Lady Silence declined to talk further, and finally Francis left
her to rest. He had the faint hope that their hospitality would perhaps convince her and her
father that they weren't a threat, but he knew it was unlikely.
He then agonized over going to see James or not.
The offer to check up on him had left his lips quite without permission, because James had
been looking so miserable.
But maybe he was sleeping now, and Francis would only wake him if he came clambering in
with his crutches.
On the other hand, what if James was waiting for him?
He is likely still angry with me, Francis thought. It's only the shock that made him forget it
temporarily.
In the end, Francis went to Lieutenant Hodgson's room and pressed his ear to the door like
mischievous school boy.
He heard nothing. Much to his chargin, it was at this moment that Thomas came walking likely on his way to the wardroom.
"Ah, Francis!", Thomas boomed. "What are you doing here this fine evening?"
Francis shushed him, but it was already too late. He heard shuffling around behind the door.
Thomas winked at him and squeezed past, and Francis only had a moment to right himself
before James opened the door and peeked his head out.
"Errm... I hope you weren't sleeping.", Francis said.
James shook his head. "I didn't take the laudanum. It reminds me too much of being ill."
"Do you want me to sit with you a while?", Francis asked carefully.

James wordlessly pulled back his head and left the door open, so Francis took it as the
cautious invitation it was.
He sat down on the only chair in the room, relieved to be off his feet. James, in his
nightclothes, stood to the side of him.
"None of that.", Francis said. "You're not on parade, man. Get in the bed."
Obediently, James climbed into his bunk. He looked deathly pale and tired, and Francis tried
to remind himself that he had already seen him in a much worse state. Oddly, this had the
opposite effect as intended, and Francis had surpress the urge to ask James if he wanted tea,
or bisquits, or another blanket perhaps.
"How can I help you?", Francis asked instead.
James sighed. "I don't know what's going on with me. I did sleep, but Graham is dead andand-"
"Yes?"
James said nothing and chewed his lip.
"You can tell anything you want, James, I won't betray your confidence.", Francis assured
him.
He realised his mistake just as the anger flashed across James's face.
"Well, I have to believe that, don't I?", he snapped. "As it is, I have nothing to say. You
already know everything."
"I do not.", Francis said. He was overcome with the urge to stand up in a hurry, but his
blasted leg wouldn't let him.
"Yes, you do! Everything that matters-"
"James, it doesn't matter! Not to me, not for a single second!"
James stared at him, his eyes wide. "I want to believe you, Francis, I do.", he said in a rush.
"But you need to tell me how you know. Please, tell me how you know."
Francis shook his head desperately.
But maybe, maybe he could tell James the truth, if only part of it. It would be a risk, yet he
needed to earn James's trust.
And he didn't want to keep this from him anymore.
"James,", Francis began. "It was you who told me about your birth. Or rather, you will tell me
about your birth. I don't know what motivated you, why you thought me worthy of knowing
it, but you will. And so I know."

James sat upright in his bunk, shock written all over his face.
"I didn't- I wouldn't-", he stuttered, then cleared his throat. "So it is true. You can see the
future."
"An approximation of it, yes.", Francis said. "But I'll tell you right now that I will not share
any more of what I know. It's not that I don't trust you, because I do-"
"Why?", James asked.
"Pardon?"
"I've given you no reason to trust me.", James said.
Francis looked at him helplessly. "You will."
"Francis, I-", James began. "I have these dreams. They started when I came over to Terror.
They're about you and me, and... I'm dying in them. I'm always dying. I lose my teeth, and
my bullet wound reopens, and I go blind... and then I'm begging you, begging you for death
and I-"
Francis felt tears prick at his eyes, and he saw that James was already crying silently. He
reached for his crutches and made the few steps to the bed. He touched James's wet cheek as
if to ensure he was real.
"Is that the future you see for me?", James asked. "Is that why you won't tell me?"
"James.", Francis breathed.
James stifled a sob with his arm. "Please, Francis, I'm terrified. Tell me-"
Francis took James's face in both hands, standing in precarious balance because of his leg. "It
will not happen, James. I promise you, it will not happen. I'd sooner die myself."
James tipped his face forward and leaned against Francis's stomach. Francis wrapped his
arms around him and pulled him close.
He stood there on one leg, trying not to cry himself, thinking he would truly do anything to
save this man, even if it meant tearing Sir John limb from limb.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 19: James
James clung to Francis, crying like a child, but he didn't care.
It will not happen, James. I promise you, it will not happen. I'd sooner die myself.
James clung to the words as well, spoken with such passion. He wanted to believe them more
than anything, he wanted to trust Francis.
He had tried to sleep before, but once again the nightmare had been so near, so real that he
was afraid to fall asleep again.
He had seen Graham, being torn apart by the beast, yet when he tried to lift his rifle to shoot
it he found his arms wasted, his wrist broken again from that time he had fallen off rigging as
a boy.
He had then watched, helpless, as the beast turned its eye on Francis...
As a child, he had always been given laudanum to sleep when he had a fever, and it had
caused James to hate the stuff pretty early on.
Dr. Stanley knew of it, for he had refused laudanum to help ease his pain after the surgery on
his bullet wound in China, only giving in when he was near delirious with the ache in his
chest and arm.
But he'd been absolutely exhausted, unable to sleep for terror, and so he had decided to try
laudanum once more.
After dressing halfway decent and finding no doctor in sickbay, however, James's desperation
had eased and he had gone to his cabin again, where Francis had found him.
"James.", Francis said gently, after his sobbing had eased. "James, I need to sit down."
James lifted his head from where it had been buried in Francis's waistcoat. "Of course. I'm
sorry, I didn't think-", he muttered in a gravelly voice. "Sit down."
Without considering the intimacy of such an invitation, James moved to the side so Francis
could sit on the edge of the bunk.
Francis sat down with a sigh and discreetly wiped his eyes.
"Will you stay with me a while?", James asked. "Of course, if you have other duties I won't
keep you-"
"Of course I'll stay. If you'll have me.", Francis said gravely.
James tried to smile, didn't quite manage it, and so took Francis's hand instead. "I'll have
you."

Francis started to move back to the chair, and James felt a twinge of disappointment. A part
of him had hoped that Francis would climb into bed with him.
It's better for your heart if he doesn't, he told himself.
"I must've thought I was dying.", James murmured.
"Hm?"
"To tell you the story of my origins, I mean.", he clarified. "You see, I've never told anyone
that. Never. People either knew or they didn't, but it wasn't talked about. But if I thought I
wouldn't have another chance to ever tell it..."
"James.", Francis said again, softly chiding. "This is hardly a subject that will help you fall
asleep."
"Well, now that we've started talking about it, I can't just put it out of my mind.", James
defended himself.
Francis approached the bunk with his chair and took James's hand. "Lie down under the
blankets. Close your eyes."
"Aye, aye, sir.", James said with irony, but he did as he was bidden.
Francis squeezed his hand, and to James's joy didn't let go.
"And now?", James asked after a moment, his eyes closed.
"Now you try to sleep."
"That's not how it works!", James protested. "You're supposed to tell me a story, at the very
least."
To his credit, Francis didn't call him childish. As it was, James was only trying to provoke
Francis a little, as he was wont to. Get some semblance of normalcy back.
"You're the one with all the stories, James.", Francis said. "I don't have any."
"I don't believe that for a second. You've had an eventful life. You've been to faraway places,
your heart has been broken..."
"So it's details about Miss Cracroft you're after?", Francis said, though he sounded amused.
"I'm surprised that Sir John didn't already tell you everything there is to know about that."
"Please, I know you're a gentleman. I would never force you to divulge details of such a
delicate matter.", James replied in mock offense. "No, tell me something else. About you and
Ross in Antarctica, perhaps. It'd be nice to hear about an expedition that was successful."
Francis sighed, but James suspected his reluctance was half for show at this point.

"Alright then.", Francis said. "But don't get any ideas when I tell you of the New Year's ball
we held."
"New Year's ball?", James repeated, his eyes glowing.
He felt about ten pounds lighter already, even though at the back of his mind, the terror still
lurked.
"All in good time.", Francis said with a smile. "So, we set out from Van Diemen's land on the
21st of November..."
As Francis talked, James found himself more and more calm. He wasn't surprised to find
Francis a gifted narrator, despite his protestations. He had a steadier, less excited cadence
than James himself, which did well.
The story was engaging, one might say too much even, but James was so tired that he soon
felt himself drift off.
The last thing he remembered was McCormick shooting some interesting bird they then ate,
and then he was fast asleep.
He still heard Francis's voice, distant and steady, carrying him through his dreams. He longed
for Francis again, to feel his body against his, and so he reached for him.
But Francis was always drifting away, fading into the distance.
When James woke, he was alone in his cabin. Of course, he hadn't expected Francis to stay,
but it he still felt a pang. He stood and dressed himself, then went to Sickbay.
The Netsilisk woman was sleeping, but her father was awake. Goodsir was talking to him in
English, having just brought them and Mr. Collins food.
He straightened and stood when James came in.
"Ah, Commander, I didn't get the chance to personally tell you yesterday how glad I am that
you returned to us unharmed!", Goodsir said to him. "I'm just attempting to get to know our
guests..."
"If you don't mind me asking, why are you on Terror in the first place?", James inquired.
Goodsir looked grim. "I was hoping to recruit Dr. McDonald so we could speak to Sir John
about the tins, and maybe convince Dr. Stanley of the direness of the situation. I was all for
starting to do all that yesterday, but Dr. McDonald said it would be strategic to wait until our
dead are buried." He sighed. "I am awfully sorry for Lieutenant Gore. He was always very
kind to me, and helped me with drawing my specimens. Bryant I know less well, but it's still
terrible."
James nodded. He too, had had nothing but kind feelings for Graham Gore. There had been
one time where the Lieutenant had nearly caught him and and Dundy going at it in James's
cabin, and to this day James didn't know if Graham had kept quiet for them.

He had treated neither James nor Dundy any differently, after, though there was something
more thoughtful about his countenance.
For James this incident had led him to end his association with Dundy, though.
Still, he thought had thought even more highly of Gore afterwards.
James had been too distracted by his own shock to truly process Graham's death, and now
suddenly a wave of grief hit him like a bludger.
He had sat there, crying about his own fate, meanwhile Graham was dead, and they couldn't
even bury him...
This was worse than war, he thought. There was a cruelty in Graham's death that no human
enemy could've replicated.
"The burial will be today, I expect.", Goodsir continued. "During the meager daylight we
have left."
James nodded. He longed for Sir John's calming words, this time. His sermon over the dead,
making something right again. In Sir John's imagination, there was no room for monsters
beyond human comprehension. They simply didn't exist, as didn't all the other threats to their
existence here.
"One more thing.", Goodsir said, lowering his voice, even though Mr. Collins was sleeping as
well and the Netsilisk couldn't understand him.
Still, James leaned closer in confidence. "Yes?"
"Sir John made the suggestion that we feed the Esquimaux from the poisoned tins.", Goodsir
whispered.
James felt cold suddenly. It had occurred to him too, of course, that the presence of the
Netsilisk was hardly good for their weakened stores.
He had never thought particularly highly of them, uncivilized as they were, but he was
beginning to realise that they knew something that he, for one, did not: how to survive in the
Arctic without the stores they brought.
Still, he felt guilty about shooting the woman, and he certainly wouldn't add to these people's
woes by giving them lead poisoning.
"He said he was sorry to do it, but they wouldn't stay long enough to feel any ill effects, he
said. And he only has the well-being of the crew in mind, he said."
James looked at Goodsir. "Was it a suggestion, or an order, Harry?"
Goodsir wrung his hands in discomfort. "It's difficult to interpret, sir."
So it had been an order.

James considered a moment, then said: "Let's treat it as a suggestion then. One we don't listen
to."
Goodsir looked immensely relieved. "Yes, sir. Thank you, sir. I, ah, had already disgarded it
for this meal, because I- I thought exactly as you did."
James clapped him on the shoulder, just as Mr. Collins woke from what seemed like a
nightmare.
Goodsir went to him and took his hand, fussing over him, and James felt oddly touched,
watching them.
He turned to the Netsilisk man and greeted him. He received a tilt of the head in return.
Dr. McDonald came in and wished him good morrow, then said something in the Netsilisk
language to the man.
"He has no tongue.", Dr. McDonald explained at length. "It was removed with a sharp cutting
instrument. That's why he doesn't talk."
"Is he some kind of outcast then, among his people?", James asked.
"I don't know. It doesn't seem like it. Both he and his daughter have been eating well, and are
in good condition."
After talking some more with the doctor, James went to the great cabin, where Francis was
bent over paperwork. Breakfast was laid out on the table, a cautious invitation James took.
Still, Francis barely looked up when James entered, but James saw that his cheeks were red.
"It seems to me that I have more cause to be embarrassed than you.", James said as he sat
down, trying for charming, but ending up more awkward.
"James, I shouldn't have-"
"You absolutely did, and we both know it. I could never trust you if you didn't tell me the
truth."
Francis looked up at him at last, his gaze full of desperation. "I'm sorry to burden you with
this."
"I was already burdened. And I do want to survive this expedition, so I'm going to talk to Sir
John again."
Francis opened his mouth, but James was faster: "I won't tell him anything about your
clairvoyance, never fear. It will not convince him, anyway."
"Good.", Francis said, fiddling with his papers.

James also had the impulse to talk, but he didn't know what to say. Apparently this was the
man he trusted above everyone else, whom he would tell his greatest shame.
What was there to say, after that?
Part of James still couldn't believe that Francis knew it all, yet didn't despise him for it.
He felt vulnerable, clumsy in front of him, as if he had just leaned how to talk.
"Have you always been this way?", James asked. "That you could see the future?"
Francis pursed his lips. "No, not always. Though there was always a certain sense in me if
something was going to go wrong, that's true. But actually knowing what is going to happen
down to the last detail, that is new."
James took a breath to try and fortify himself. "And what is going to happen?"
Francis shook his head. "I will not tell you. Please don't ask me again. It's for your own
protection that I keep my counsel."
It was clear as day that even now, there was something that Francis was keeping from him.
Should James try and find out what it was? Or should he just trust Francis?
Both were options that James didn't like for various reasons, and he decided to make up his
mind later.
He ate his breakfast of biscuits and coffee, which made him feel better already. He really
needed to stop this... dependance on Francis, crying in his arms and such.
It was ill-advised, to say the least.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The funeral of Lieutenant Gore and Sergeant Bryant was as grand an affair as they could
make it. During the rapidly shortening hours of daylight, James led the Terrors, save for
Francis and Mr. Collins, over the ice to Erebus, where there were two coffins, one empty.
James didn't get a chance to speak to Sir John before the service, and so he just stood next to
their leader while he eulogised Graham and the Sergeant.
Sir John spoke of both, and James especially felt his grief well up when he told of the good
times they had with Graham at the beginning of their expedition.
It wasn't fair, that he should have suffered a death like that.
James looked at all the other's faces, the Lieutenants, Stanley and Goodsir, Des Voeux,
McDonald. Somewhere at the back of the crowd, the countenance of Mr. Hickey.
James had forgotten to ask Francis about him, but it now seemed fairly obvious that Francis
had seen him plan a mutiny in the future.

What desperate portend would drive him to do so?
Would they simply run out of rum or was there something different afoot, something too
terrible to contemplate?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
TWO MONTHS LATER
James was deep into Erebus's stores, opening crate after crate, each seemingly holding more
useless items than the last.
Francis wanted to walk out of here, that James knew by now. Because thaw wouldn't come.
They would have to leave all of this behind, if they went. The napkins and the glasses and the
books...
The books made James think of the Complete Works of Shakespeare, still lying in his cabin
on Terror. He had read a lot in them in the last days, as he had lost interest in the tales of
other Arctic expeditions.
In the time immediately after Francis's revelation, James had read them obsessively, trying to
find the component that defined their success or failure.
He also tried to find comfort in the fact that all of these expeditions had in the end returned,
some with significantly less men, but they had returned.
In the end, rather like now, he didn't discover what he was looking for.
The reassurance that they would make it.
Sir John was full of such reassurances every time they talked.
"I do wonder where all your good cheer has gone. I'm worried about you, James. You insist
that Francis isn't to blame for your turn of mind, but to be honest, I see no other
possibilities.", he had said recently.
"It's not Francis who changed my mind, but this place. And the... bear that attacked us."
James had stopped himself from saying the word "monster", knowing Sir John had
expressedly forbidden it. He couldn't do much to stop the rumors from going around the
crews of both ships - though they were louder on Erebus than on Terror - except remind the
men in his sermons that monsters didn't exist in the Arctic, no matter what Captain Crozier
said about the leviathan.
It was for another such talk with Sir John that James had walked over, that and an errant
Francis had send him on.
James had almost forgotten it in his frustration with their esteemed leader. Sir John didn't
want to admit that his expedition was a failure, no matter what James argued.

Goodsir and McDonald hadn't been able to convince him, either -there he'd had Dr. Stanley
like a devil on his shoulder, arguing against them, and James had an inkling that Goodsir
liked to stay on Terror not just to communicate with the Netsilisk.
The woman and her father would leave soon, now that her shoulder was better. Francis
wanted them to stay, for reasons he didn't make clear to James, but he wouldn't force them.
James was nearly as frustrated with Francis as with Sir John, though for different reasons.
It was obvious that Francis was keeping something monumental from him, and all that
stopped James from outright confronting Francis was his own fear of what Francis would say.
He was afraid it would have to do with his dreams, his own slow and agonising death.
Still, James was right now stuck between Francis and Sir John in a way he was coming to
despise. Sir John had made mention of him returning to Erebus soon now that Francis's leg
had improved, and the only reason James stalled was that he feared that would make it worse.
There had been no repeat of their physical intimacy, another thing that caused tension
between them.
James could by now not deny that he desired Francis, desired him more than he had ever had
anything in his life it felt like. They would sometimes look at each other, both knowing what
the other was thinking, and it had recently been enough to get James hard, which was
inconvenient for many reasons.
James felt like he was stuck, and of course he was stuck, like they all were, in the ice.
Something had to happen.
With determination, James opened another crate, and found none other than a bunch of
Carnivale costumes. Sir John had hidden them well, but not well enough for James.
He should just note what they were and move on, but the twinkling fabrics and elaborate
masks beckoned seductively. James rummaged around in the crate, pulling stuff out rather
like someone dying of hunger would look for food.
He found multiple dresses, each more beautiful than the last.
He held up one made out of red velvet and nervously licked his lips. Did he dare...?
The last time he had worn a dress had been as Calpurnia on the St Vincent. The men had
bought him the dress in port -someone, James would never find out who, had provided
money. They wanted him and his friend David who played Portia to look the part, like
"proper ladies".
James knew he had enjoyed the whole thing more than a real man ought to.
It had taken a while to get used to the petticoats flowing around him, and of course, he had
needed help with the corset.

The men had cheered for him when he'd appeared on stage, and then had cheered a great deal
more at the end when he bowed.
James hadn't been drunk, but he decidedly felt that way after everything. For the first time in
his life, he didn't have to hide.
It was paradoxical, since he had outwardly been wearing a disguise, but he felt like himself in
that dress, like someone he wanted to be and was.
He had kept the dress on the rest of the evening, let them call him "Lady Fitzjames" and bow
to him.
He knew that some of them had looked at him with lust in their eyes, yes, some had even
downright flirted with him.
It was all a mere game, of course. But for James, it had been reality.
Now, he looked at this dress, and the impulse to wear it was almost overwhelming. He took it
in both hands, the velvet whispering seductively.
He could wear it at the Carnivale, of course.
But that was still a long time away, they were in the midst of deep winter, now.
James sighed, and just as he made up his mind he heard footsteps behind him. Not, now, then,
the mask needed to come back on.
His traitorous hands though bundled up the dress and stowed it in his pouch to take with him
to Terror.
"I had been told I might find you here, sir.", Dr. Stanley said as he appeared in the door.
James straightened. "Hello, Stephen. You were looking for me?"
Stanley nodded. "I came to ask you if there is anything you require, Sir John said that you
were not the best in health."
James regarded his friend, wondering what Stanley was really thinking. James had not
forgiven him for taking Sir John's side against Goodsir, even though he puzzled over
Stephen's motives for doing so.
Stanley was smart, a doctor with experience and he knew what danger lead poisoning
represented.
"I don't think Sir John meant my bodily well-being, Stephen.", James said. "I don't need your
expertise as a doctor."
"As a friend, then?", Stephen asked carefully.

James knew by now that there were certain things one didn't talk about with Stephen Stanley,
for these subjects made him deeply uncomfortable.
"You must be feeling very guilty, then, to offer me a shoulder to cry on.", James said dryly.
Stephen drew himself up. "I don't feel guilty. I'm simply worried about you, sir."
"You would do better to be worried about this expedition as a whole."
That said, James turned back to his inventory.
"I trust Sir John. He is our leader. He knows the Arctic best out of all of us. Why would you
cause yourself needless grief by disagreeing with him?"
James looked at Stephen, who seemed almost desperate in that tightly controlled way of his.
"Because even Sir John Franklin can be wrong.", James murmured.
"But he isn't. He can't be."
I dream of death, every night., James wanted to say. I know that we're doomed, or more
importantly, I can feel it.
This wouldn't convince Stephen, James was aware.
"There is one thing you could do for me.", he said out loud, changing the subject.
"Sir?"
"You could give me a list of all the medical remedies you have. Dr McDonald is looking to
match our combined stores."
Stanley nodded, obviously relieved. "I can make a list right away and give it to you when you
leave, Commander."
When James was alone again, he went through the stores quickly and without lingering. He
kept thinking about the dress at the bottom of his pouch, but tried to push it out of his mind.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It was dark when James returned to Terror, yet at this time they had only a few seconds of
daylight per day, so it was always dark.
Foot traffic between the ships wasn't as encouraged as it had been at Beechey, for two
reasons: One, an ice berg in the shape of a two trees stacked together had sprung up half way
between the ships, and two, everyone knew that the beast, be it a bear or not, was still out
there.
Some of the men said they could hear it howling in the distance, and it was true that on their
way to and from the ships, two men had disappeared recently. There had been search parties,

one of which James had joined -against the express wishes of both Sir John and Francis.
"How can my life be more important that that of the other men? You can't simply have me
stay back out of personal preference!", he had told both of them -at different times, because
as always, he had been the one going back and forth between Erebus and Terror.
"James, be reasonable.", Sir John had replied calmly. "You're my Third, and if something
happens to me, you're the Captain of Erebus. It's to the good of everyone if you don't put your
safety at risk. Of course, I won't stop you, but I do think it's unwise of you to join the search
party."
Francis had been somewhat less composed. "I'll have you locked in your cabin if I have to!",
he had yelled. "You know what is out there, and I won't have you in such danger again!"
"Don't tell me that if your leg were healed, you wouldn't be the first one to volunteer!", James
had shot back.
"That's beside the point."
"Beside the point? Why can everyone on this expedition risk their life except me, hm?",
James had asked as he approached Francis's chair. "Did you see it, then? The creature killing
me?"
Francis shook his head. "But that doesn't mean anything. I can't see everything, and now will
you kindly stop being foolish and stay back?"
"No.", James said. "Someone has to get these men back. Someone who knows what we're
dealing with."
"You have no idea what we're dealing with!"
"Oh, and you do?"
There had been a knock at the door and Goodsir had appeared. "Sirs, the search party is
getting ready to leave. We do believe that every second counts."
James had left without another word, fearing that Francis would order him to stay, but he had
said nothing and let him go.
As it was, they had found nothing and returned unscathed.
The look Francis had thrown him when he had seen James again had sent hot shivers down
his spine. Had his leg not been in the way, James was sure Francis would've walked up to him
and hugged him close.
Later, in his berth, to distract himself from thinking of Strong and Evans freezing to death,
cold and alone, or being torn apart by the beast, James had imagined Francis doing just that,
and then kissing him, ripping his clothes off and having him...

This evening, James arrived on Terror without incident. The watch on deck greeted him
through all their layers -the watches were much shortened now that it was too cold to stay
outside for too long.
After he had stowed away his pouch in his cabin, James decided to visit Sickbay. Mr. Collins
had returned to Erebus by now, and at first James had thought he would perhaps see less of
Goodsir then -Goodsir was certainly very fond of Mr. Collins.
But the young assistant surgeon had also taken an interest in the Netsilisk, and apparently
made efforts to learn their language from the woman.
As James had suspected, Goodsir was in attendance, talking to the Netsilisk woman, whom
everyone now called "Lady Silence", because of her reluctance to talk to anyone but Goodsir.
Or was it because Francis had seen them calling her that in the future?
James freely admitted that their guests unnerved him a little. Ever since he'd been back from
the search party, they had been looking at James with an expression in their eyes that
confused him.
It seemed... knowing, and it reminded him of Francis before all this.
Of course, the Netsilisk likely had no concept of what a bastard birth even was, or else James
might've become paranoid.
"Commander!", Goodsir exclaimed from his place by the woman's cot as he rose. "You're
back! Have you come to say Unnukkut to our guests?"
"In part.", James said with an awkward smile in the direction of the Netsilisk. "I've just come
to give the list of the medical remedies Dr. McDonald required."
Goodsir frowned. "How odd. As I heard it, it wasn't Dr. McDonald who required it, but
Captain Crozier."
James felt the pinprick of suspicion in his mind. What the hell was Francis up to now? The
fact that he was planning something James shouldn't know about had become more and more
obvious as of late, and if James wasn't so busy trying to change Sir John's mind he would've
found out by now what it was, he was sure.
"Did Captain Crozier say why he wanted the list?", James asked.
Goodsir's frown deepened. "To make some sort of inventory of our stores, I should think."
James sighed and looked at the list in his hand, as if it could tell him the truth.
"Is something troubling you, sir?", Goodsir inquired.
James wanted to dismiss the comment, but then he thought why the hell am I keeping
Francis's secret, if he won't even tell me what is going on?

"I have the feeling that Francis is up to something...", he began.
"Curious that you should say that.", Goodsir said, likewise leaning close in confidence.
"Because I have... observed that Captain Crozier is behaving a bit strangely."
"How so?"
"In regards to the Netsilisk people. He often wants to talk to them alone, in fact, he had one
such conference with them when you were out with the search party, Commander."
James absorbed this with a frown. "That is strange."
"I'm sure, though, that it's nothing nefarious.", Goodsir said. "I trust Captain Crozier, even
though I'm sometimes puzzled by him."
Aren't we all, James thought.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 20: Francis
Francis was leaning on his cane. At this point, he didn't need the crutches anymore, but he
couldn't yet walk entirely without assistance.
Everyone he knew, not just the doctors, was advising him not to attempt a crossing between
the ships until he had his former abilities back, and so he schooled himself in patience.
He shouldn't have sent James to get the inventory for him, as he was ever wary of James
finding out his plan.
But as it was, he couldn't do it on his own, just as he couldn't appoint some random crewman
to nose around Erebus's stores.
He knew it was a long shot, anyway. He doubted that between all the useless frippery they
brought, the perfect murder weapon was beckoning like a siren on a rock.
His best chance were the medical remedies, perhaps more useful because they were nearer Sir
John; perhaps less so because they were looked after by Dr. Stanley.
Francis was still pondering that when James entered the Great Cabin. He was carrying a stack
of papers under one arm.
"You shouldn't be standing around so much. You need to rest your leg.", were his words of
greeting, at which Francis scowled.
He had just about stopped himself from waiting for James on deck; he was worried for him
every time James made the crossing, and in the beginning he had tried to keep him on Terror
with a bunch of useless errands, making James increasingly frustrated, until one day he had
said he would cross over to Sir John and Francis couldn't stop him.
What had followed was one of their worst fights yet, and Francis had yelled and threatened,
while James had dismissed his threats and yelled back.
Francis truly didn't know if they would've come to blows or ripped each other's clothes off
right then and there had not Sir John himself arrived, to see what was keeping his Third from
visiting him.
Then there had been the incident with the search party, another thing he couldn't stop James
from. He knew it wasn't fair, that he should treat everyone equally and someone had to go
search for Strong and Evans. Yet he couldn't help wanting James safe above everyone else.
After James had left, Francis had gone to sickbay to talk to the Netsilisk. Goodsir in the other
time had called Lady Silence's father the beast's "caregiver". Francis could think of nothing
else but to talk to him.
"Do you control Tuunbaq?", Francis had asked the man.

No answer, of course, from either the man nor Lady Silence.
"I'm not asking because I wish you harm.", Francis said desperately. "I only want to make
sure my friend is safe. Men are missing. He has gone to search for them. What can I do to
make sure he returns?"
"Who is your friend?", Lady Silence inquired. "The tall one?"
Of course "the tall one" could've been referring to any number of people, but somehow
Francis knew she was talking about James.
Francis nodded. "Please, tell me how to keep him safe."
There was a pause. Finally Lady Silence said: "No one controls Tuunbaq. Tuunbaq belongs to
himself, not to us."
"So, you can't make sure he doesn't attack the search party?"
The father made a series of gestures at Lady Silence.
"My father can speak to him. Maybe he will listen, maybe not. Tuunbaq attacks all those who
attack him."
"I know we shouldn't have hunted Tuunbaq.", Francis said, though he wondered as he said it
if he really did know.
Wasn't it always the first instinct of man when encountering a wild beast to hunt it? Well, he
couldn't speak for the Netsilisk, but it certainly was the instinct of most Englishmen.
"I'm going to make sure we do not hunt Tuunbaq again.", Francis insisted. "But please, help
my friend and the other men stay alive."
Lady Silence and her father conversed for a moment, her in a hushed voice and too rapidly
for Francis to understand.
Finally, Lady Silence turned to Francis again. "My father will go out to meet Tuunbaq. But
you must keep your promise. Not to hunt Tuunbaq. And you must let us go when we want to
leave."
"I will.", Francis said. "That I swear to you."
He knew that Sir John wanted to hunt Tuunbaq, so there was another thing he had to stop
their leader from doing.
"Does your father wish for someone to come with him?"
It was a completely ridiculous question, Francis realised as the words left his lips. This man
wasn't being hunted, and indeed this landscape was his home. Anyone who came with him
would likely only slow him down, or would end up needing to be rescued himself.

"No.", Lady Silence said, and she sounded amused likely for that reason.
Her father had set out, and Francis could tell that she wanted to come with him, but her
shoulder still wasn't healed.
Francis kept her company until the man returned. He asked her for her name, yet she refused
to give it. After a while, Goodsir came, asking her in wobbly Inuktitut if she was feeling up
to working on their dictionary together.
The Netsilisk man returned before the search party, and Francis doubted that even if he
could've talked that he would've given an account on what he'd done.
Still, Francis knew the moment the search party came back unscathed, with James, that he
was indebted to them forever.
~~~~~~~~~~
"You shouldn't be walking between the ships so often.", Francis said to James after he had
made the comment about Francis's leg. "It's too dangerous."
Now, it was James's turn to scowl. "You send me there to make inventory for you!"
"I did not. I knew you were going to go anyway, and so I asked you."
"Well, someone has to try and change Sir John's mind!", James exclaimed. "And since you
are entirely useless in that regard, I don't see why I should stand here and listen to your
reproach."
Francis sighed. "Peace, James. I'm only worried for your safety. Forgive an old man his
fancies."
James eyed him and stepped closer. "You're not that old.", he said. "And you..."
"I'm what?"
James shook his head, pulling up a chair. "Shall we go over the stores together?"
Francis wondered if he should refuse, but he didn't want to make James suspicious. He would
have to go over it again later, to find what he was really looking for. And also get that list of
medical remedies James had likely given Dr. McDonald.
They spent the next half hour going over the supplies, and indeed it was as pointless as it was
frustrating. All there were were things to leave behind when they would walk out, and also
the blasted Carnivale costumes, which did nothing to lighten Francis's mood.
"Has Jopson made you a costume yet?", James asked, by the by.
"I have kindly asked him to look around for one, yes.", Francis said. "I've also told him that I
would be completely satisfied with something minimal, like perhaps a funny hat."

James tutted. "You'll not be setting the best example as Captain, I hope you're aware."
To his own surprise, Francis smiled at James. "I'm sure I will pale in comparison with
whatever you come up with, so why even bother?"
James smiled back, clearing his throat. "Say, Francis, would you perhaps be up for another
reading of Julius Caesar this evening?"
Francis felt a jolt through him. They both knew what happened the last time they had read
Julius Caesar, and Francis wasn't sure he could risk a repeat of that.
Even so, such a thing had almost happened multiple times over the last weeks, one time being
interrupted by Sir John himself, which had to be some kind of symbolism.
Francis sensed that James was reluctant to get close to him in a sexual way ever since he had
found out part of the truth about Francis's time jumping.
He seemed to be still dealing with the implications of him telling Francis about his origins in
the future.
Had something happened to change his mind now?
Meanwhile, Francis had his own reasons to avoid getting too entangled with James, though a
part of him whispered that perhaps this was all the time they had left, and shouldn't he be as
close to James as possible if that was true?
But no, he would stop the disaster. Francis was more than ever determined, and the only
reason Sir John was still breathing was because of Francis's leg, and the need to do handle the
matter carefully.
Speaking of, there had been no more trips to the other time, and Francis didn't dare hope that
the ordeal was over.
He had also taken the disappearance of Strong and Evans badly, hating himself for not being
able to save them, even though this had happened before.
Though Tuunbaq hadn't made a spectacle of their mangled bodies this time, probably thanks
to Lady Silence's father.
Francis had the feeling that something was holding its breath, so to speak, that something
monumental was going to happen, and he was forced as everyone else to wait and see what it
was.
"Do you really want to continue with Julius Caesar?", Francis asked James.
James's mouth twitched. "Why wouldn't I want to, Francis? After all, I dare say it was
enjoyable for the both of us."
"But not wise.", Francis muttered.

James pretended not to hear him. "And besides, we're just at the scene with Calpurnia! You're
not going to deny me acting out that one again, are you?"
"Perish at the thought.", grumbled Francis, deeply hoping that James's Calpurnia would be
less... flirtatious than his Portia, but knowing he was probably wrong all the same.
On the other hand, James had performed that particular role for an entire ship's company,
surely he couldn't be overly lewd during that...
James grinned at him. "Do cheer up, Francis. I'm not going to offend your delicate
sensibilities."
"Delicate sensibilities?!", Francis repeated, aghast. "We both know that I'm not-"
"Hush. So today, after dinner?"
Francis cursed himself all the way to hell and back. "Yes, let's do it."
He let James get away with far too much, of that he was aware.
While was still pondering that, James leaned forward and pressed a lingering kiss on his
cheek. Francis froze as James whispered in his ear: "I'm looking forward to it."
After that, even Francis had caught on to the fact that James was apparently trying to seduce
him. Again.
Either that or Francis was going insane.
He cleared his throat and buried his nose in the papers, his face burning.
"Perhaps we should... ask Edward for the list of Terror's supplies so we can compare.", he
pressed out.
"That's an excellent idea, Francis." He could hear the smug grin in James's voice even
without looking up. "Should I go look for him?"
Francis made a noise of assent, and then James leaned over again and murmured in a low
voice: "See you later."
Francis would only need to turn his head and their lips would brush, but he sat rigid until
James retreated.
Only when the door slammed shut behind James did Francis let out his breath.
He should put a stop to this. But he had no idea how. Previously, Francis had always been the
pursuer rather than the pursued. Never in his life had anyone tried to seduce him before,
never had anyone wanted him like that before, and it was nothing short of intoxicating.
James probably had an ulterior motive, he tried to remind himself.

But James had also gotten on his knees and sucked his cock before, had come to his own
completion in Francis's arms, all apparently out of desire for Francis.
Francis tried to banish the image from his mind and focus on the list.
The next hours were pure agony, as James very much did not stop what he was doing, but
kept finding ways to "accidentally" touch him or lean close, and Francis was powerless in the
face of such an assault.
Dinner with the officers went past him in daze, even though Thomas was there and keeping
everyone entertained. Of course he kept shooting Francis and James knowing looks, but
Francis was too focused on keeping himself from jumping on James and having him right
there over the table to admonish his friend.
This had been building for weeks at this point, egged on by the tantalizing memory of their
first time together.
Somehow, he made it through dinner, accepted congratulations on his latest sermon, and
overall hopefully gave the impression of a steady Captain with no lewd thoughts about a
certain Commander sitting right next to him.
"Neptune has been stealing boots again.", Edward informed the table. "So be careful with
your belongings around the dog."
Irving nodded. "I had to search the entire orlop for my right boot yesterday."
"The poor thing is bored.", Blanky said. "He brought me a nice sock when I was having a
smoke in my cabin, I still don't know who he pilfered it from."
"That would be mine.", Goodsir interjected. "I've been looking for it everywhere."
Dinner done, James went to get the Complete Works of Shakespeare from his cabin while
Francis waited.
This time there were no papers to fiddle with, and Francis suddenly wondered what to do
with his hands. Did he just leave them hanging on his sides? Did he have them folded on his
lap? Drumming his fingers on the table?
As he was still puzzling out that conundrum, James returned, not just with the book, but a
pouch under his arm.
"Can I use your cabin for a moment?", James asked, locking the door with one easy flick of
his wrist.
"For what?"
James grinned. "You shall see. Why don't you look for the correct place in the text while I
change?"
"Well, I- change?", Francis repeated.

James said nothing and winked at him, then disappeared inside Francis's cabin.
Francis stared at the closed door for a whole minute before he took up the book and looked
for the scene with Calpurnia and Caesar. He supposed they would just jump to this point,
which was fine since they both knew the text.
Francis read some of the first lines and found that he didn't like it.
Nor heaven nor Earth have been at peace tonight. Thrice hath Calphurnia in her sleep cried
out “Help ho, they murder Caesar!”—Who’s within?
It reminded him too much of his own situation now, with the dreams of the future and the
planned murder. Of course, Sir John had no Calpurnia. Or did he?
The door to his cabin opened, and Francis turned to see James.
His heart stopped as he struggled to take in the sight of his future Second, clad in a
voluminous dress of red velvet.
"What mean you, Caesar? Think you to walk forth? You shall not stir out of your house
today.", James said in soft tones.
As Francis kept staring at him silently, James nervously cleared his throat. An arresting blush
spread on his cheeks and a good deal of his chest too, which Francis was able to see because
the neckline was cut very low, emphasizing James's collarbones.
Francis opened his mouth and tried to say something. But no words came out.
Slowly, James moved towards him. The skirts rustled, there was the sound of stokinged feet
on the floorboards.
"Francis?", James asked.
Francis turned his chair to face James, glad for the book obscuring his lap once more, though
arousal was only one of the many sensations he was feeling.
There was awe, wonderment, anticipation.
James came to a halt before him, and it occurred to Francis that he should say something
before James got entirely the wrong idea.
"Francis?", James said again, his voice small. "Do I... offend you?"
"Never!", Francis exclaimed. "By God, James you look... magnificent. You are magnificent."
James's fraught expression turned into the brightest smile Francis had ever seen on him,
without artifice, just simple, plain, joy.
"Well, then, Caesar, my husband, let me tell you why shall not go to the senate today.", he
said after a moment.

Francis felt a hot shiver down his spine at the word husband, flowing so easily from James's
lips.
"Do you still know the lines?", Francis asked.
James nodded. "I went over them in my head so often, I could recite them in my sleep at this
point."
Reluctantly, Francis tore his eyes away from James to look at the text.
"Caesar shall forth. The things that threatened me Ne’er looked but on my back. When they
shall see the face of Caesar, they are vanished."
James sank into a deep curtsey, then rose again before saying: "Caesar, I never stood on
ceremonies, yet now they fright me. There is one within, besides the things that we have heard
and seen, recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch.
A lioness hath whelped in the streets,
And graves have yawned and yielded up their dead. Fierce fiery warriors fought upon the
clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war, Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol.
The noise of battle hurtled in the air, Horses did neigh, and dying men did groan, And ghosts
did shriek and squeal about the streets.
Oh Caesar, these things are beyond all use, and I do fear them."
It was difficult to describe the profound effects these words had upon Francis. It occurred to
him that Sir John did have a Calpurnia; in a literal sense he had James. James and his dreams
of doom and death, which still plagued him as Francis knew from watching him.
What would happen if James finally put two and two together, or found out Francis's plan?
Even if he didn't, James was already warning Sir John, Francis realised. What else was he
doing during their fruitless talks over on Erebus, after all?
At the same time, James's performance was so breathtaking that Francis could focus on little
else.
He didn't so much become someone else as showed another part of himself, a part that wore a
dress and was someone's wife and wasn't called James, but Calpurnia.
Francis knew he couldn't hope to match him, but he still made an effort as he read Caesar's
next lines; he wanted to give James something to work with.
"When beggars die there are no comets seen; the heavens themselves blaze forth the death of
princes.", James breathed.
"Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard, it seems to me most strange
that men should fear,seeing that death, a necessary end, will come when it will come."
Did Sir John think the same, Francis wondered. He certainly didn't seem to fear death, or
maybe he did and refused to see the possibility of it.

Because James didn't have the text, Francis read the entering servant, then continued with
Caesar's words: "The gods do this in shame of cowardice. Caesar should be a beast without a
heart
If he should stay at home today for fear.
No, Caesar shall not. Danger knows full well that Caesar is more dangerous than he. We are
two lions littered in one day,
And I the elder and more terrible. And Caesar shall go forth."
During his reading, Francis felt James inch closer, closer still, and he had to force himself to
keep looking at the text.
When he was done, James's skirts were touching Francis's knees, and he looked down at
Francis with terrible focus.
Then he touched Francis's cheek, and Francis forgot how to breathe.
"Alas, my lord, your wisdom is consumed in confidence.", James said.
His hand wandered down Francis's neck, over his chest, to come to rest, fingers open, above
his wildly beating heart.
"Do not go forth today. Call it my fear
That keeps you in the house, and not your own. We’ll send Mark Antony to the Senate House,
And he shall say you are not well today. Let me, upon my knee, prevail in this."
Of course, James slid to his knees again. On instinct, Francis opened his legs so James had
room between them, which was perhaps a mistake because James was horribly close that
way.
He primly arranged his skirts around him, and Francis thought he was going to burst with
fondness at the gesture.
Francis knew he was supposed to read Caesar's next lines, and then Decius was supposed to
come in and convince Caesar to go to the senate after all, but he couldn't focus on the text
anymore.
James had him exactly where he wanted him; it might as well have been Francis on his knees.
And oh, there was an idea.
"Well, who am I to refuse such earnest pleading?", Francis muttered. "Get up, Calpurnia."
James grabbed his hand. "Not until you promise me that you will stay out of danger. And that
you'll always be honest with me."
James was still staying in character, but even spellbound as he was Francis realised that
James was not talking to him as Caesar anymore.
Was this the purpose of this display? Francis couldn't find it in him to care, though he really
should've.

"I have to protect you first, before all honesty.", Francis breathed.
He reached an cupped James's cheek. His thumb brushed the other's lower lip, and James
sucked it into his mouth without hesitation.
Francis thought he might perish with lust, and they had barely even started.
After a moment, James released Francis's thumb, murmuring: "I'm no maiden, Francis."
"Still, I-"
In a determined gesture, James plucked the book from Francis's lap, shut it, and put it aside.
"Do you not respect me enough to tell me the truth?"
"This has nothing to do with respect."
James inched forward, until his nose bumped into Francis's clothed erection. Francis's hips
jerked at the contact.
"I think it does.", James said. For heaven's sake, Francis could feel his breath on his heated
flesh as he spoke. "As friends, are we not equals?"
"I'm your superior officer.", Francis choked out, not because it actually needed mentioning,
but because he couldn't think of anything else to say.
"I'm not talking about your rank, Francis.", James said.
He used his hand to tease Francis above his trousers, Francis couldn't contain a quiet moan.
"Is it truly so much to ask? What truth could be so terrible that you can't share it with me,
who would share everything else with you?"
This couldn't go on, or Francis might actually tell him the truth. He needed to seize back
control of the situation, but he had no idea how.
"James-"
Slowly, James began to unbotton his trousers with one hand, while reaching under his own
skirts with the other.
"Tell me.", James whispered seductively. "Tell me and I'll suck your cock. Please."
James sounded much undone himself, and Francis couldn't help feeling vindicated. Perhaps
he could use this, he thought.
"Get up.", Francis said, trying to inject command into his tone.
"Francis-"
"Get up.", Francis repeated.

James stared at him and swallowed. Francis reached for his cane and levered himself to his
feet, holding out his hand to James. He was a lady, after all.
James took his hand and stood. He caught Francis as he swayed on his unsteady leg, and
suddenly they were pressed together.
Their lips met, and Francis kissed James deeply, like he had wanted to for too long, and
James returned it, his hands coming to rest on Francis's waist.
Francis used his free hand to run over the bodice of the dress appreciatively and found the
open laces at James's back.
"I- I couldn't close them, myself.", James panted. "Oh, Francis-"
They kissed once more, until Francis swayed on his feet again, the strain on his leg
uncomfortable, but he didn't care.
"Everything I do-", Francis began, wrapping the laces around to fingers and pulling, causing
James to moan. "-I do for you. Because I love you."
James gasped and stared at Francis.
"You must know that already.", Francis continued. "But in case that wasn't clear enough,
allow me to demonstrate."
With those words, Francis used his cane to lower himself to the floor onto his knees. It took
the strain off his leg, but his knees reminded him that he wasn't the youngest anymore.
He took the hem of James's dress. "May I?", he asked, trying for gallant.
James visibly swallowed and nodded.
"Francis...", he rasped. "Do you truly..."
"Always, James. Always."
It gave Francis comfort to say that word, always. It steadied him, made him hope that
perhaps, they had some time still. Life was a fragile thing, oh how he knew that, but his love
was not.
Carefully, he lifted James's skirts, exposing his bare legs. He was just wearing his socks.
Francis tutted. "You must be freezing."
"'tis warm enough.", James said. "Francis, please..."
He knew very well what James was asking for, considering that his prick was red and eager,
straining forward.

Francis kept the skirts anchored at James's hips and leaned in, taking as much as he could into
his mouth and sucking.
James gave a desperate moan, and Francis gripped his shaft and stroked while he continued
to suckle at him.
Francis was lately out of practice, but he quickly adjusted.
"I love you.", he repeated, after drawing back a little. "Every part of you."
James's hands were shaking at his sides, mouth hanging open.
"Keep your skirts lifted up.", Francis said, and James took the bunched up fabric from him.
"There's a good girl."
Francis felt a rush of wetness against his hand, as James gasped: "Christ, Francis, that's..."
James didn't finish the sentence, because Francis took him in his mouth again. He had never
particularly enjoyed this act, but right now he had mostly wanted to get his hand free so he
could touch himself in tandem with the movements of his mouth and tongue.
He was undoing James, plain and simple. He loved every shudder, every moan he earned,
every twitch of the flesh in his mouth.
"I dream about you, too.", James whispered above him. "Us, together. You taking that big
cock of yours and fucking me with it-"
Francis made a sound of surprise as he strained to take more in, all the while his hand was
furiously working at himself.
"Sometimes you have me on all fours, sometimes we're face to face, sometimes I have you...
Oh, that's good..."
Francis had swallowed around James and sucked hard, and now he began to bob up and
down.
It was good. Francis was confounded by how right it felt, despite the fact that he was on his
knees in front of his subordinate, who was wearing a dress, but that only made it even better.
"I can't get you out of my head.", James groaned. "Every time I try, I dream of you again. Or
you look at me across the wardroom, like..."
Years ago, or perhaps only months, depending on the perspective, Francis wouldn't have
believed that he would've yearned for James to keep talking in any circumstances, much less
feeling how his words send delicious shivers of arousal down his spine.
"Like?", Francis prompted, before he leaned in again.
"Like you want to bend me over the table and... have your way with me right then and there,
until I'm begging for you to bring me off, and then- oh fuck, yes- then you claim me and

make me yours with your cock and your hands and every part of you..."
Francis moaned around the length in his mouth, though he stopped the movement of his hand
on himself, having an idea.
While he sucked he dragged his fingers past James's balls, further, until the circled the rim of
his hole. He paused, questioning.
"Yes.", James gasped. "Oh, please, yes..."
Francis plunged one finger in, marveling at the fact that he could take James apart like this.
"Oh, Francis, Francis, fuck-", James was babbling, his whole body shaking as Francis used
his finger to probe at that special spot inside him.
Francis dimly hoped that James would manage to keep quiet enough as not to have anyone
come running, but another, primal part of him delighted in each broken sound James was
making.
Francis felt his own need straining between his legs, yet he was determined to bring James to
completion first. He had wanted to show the other what he meant to him, and damn it all he
was going to do it.
His jaw was starting to ache, along with his knees, though he hardly noticed it. He was
desperate and hungry, drunk on love and adoration.
"Francis, I'm going to-", James warned, ever the gentleman. "Good Lord-"
Francis sucked as hard as he could in tandem with his thrusting fingers, and James cried out,
before slamming a hand over his mouth.
Part of his skirts fell over Francis’s shoulder, caressing his face tantalizingly.
Just a moment more, and James peaked. Francis felt his seed in his mouth, some of it
dripping down his chin as he struggled to swallow it all.
James's softening member fell from his lips, and Francis sat back on his haunches, before
palming himself hurriedly.
"Let me.", James murmured, sinking down.
He was vision, the skirts pooled around him, his eyes wide. He scooched closer, and kissed
Francis, licking up his own spend, and then started to stroke him.
It didn't take long for Francis to pant into his mouth and drive himself desperately into his
fist, even though his leg was protesting under him.
"James-", he gasped, pulling the other close.

"My love...", James whispered, and Francis saw stars in climax as he spilled over James's
hand.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 21: James
Immediately afterwards, Francis slumped against James, utterly spent. James felt
overwhelmed himself, still shaky from his climax, and also the growing awareness that his
brilliant plan to seduce Francis to get him to tell him the truth had backfired on him
spectacularly.
Francis'd had him in the palm of his hand, had played him like a fiddle, and with an
earnestness that had probably made the whole thing possible in the first place.
He could still feel the divine stretch of Francis's fingers inside him, and oh, that mouth of
his...
James hadn't come this hard in months, his moments of lonely self-abuse truly paling in
comparison.
Francis loved him. Francis loved him, and it didn't matter that James had seen the signs
already, it was entirely different to hear him admit it.
Despite everything. Everything he knew, James's greatest shame, Francis still loved him.
It had been too powerful a drug to resist, that and how Francis looked at him wearing the
dress.
How could James have stopped being taken away by this torrent? If there was something he
could've done, it would've have had to happen a lot sooner, he realised.
Francis gave a pained groan against his neck, shuffling to get his leg in a better position.
James helped as best he could, until Francis was sitting with his bad leg stretched before him.
Red in the face, either from embarrassment or exertion, Francis reached for his handkerchief
this time to clean James's hand.
When that was done, James wordlessly lifted Francis's fist to his lips and kissed it.
"Let's not part like last time.", he whispered.
Francis smiled and leaned forward so their noses brushed together. "I'll never let you go.", he
whispered back.
"I like the sound of that."
James did. Francis's protectiveness stirred something in him, it made him feel safe in the face
of all his troubling dreams. It made him believe that Francis would truly lead him out of the
cold, and his folly might not kill him after all.
Francis kissed him on the lips. "You're so beautiful, James. Or shall I call you Calpurnia?"

If he hadn't been sitting on the floor, James would've dropped into a curtsey.
"However it pleases you, sir.", he said in a high voice.
He smiled contendedly when Francis nuzzled at his neck, brushing his lips over his skin.
"Francis."
"Hmm?"
"You're planning something, aren't you?", James said, drawing back to look at the other. "And
you won't tell me what it is?"
"Godamn it James, leave a man to catch his breath...", Francis grumbled.
"I need to know." James didn't mean to sound so desperate, but he suddenly couldn't keep it
in anymore.
He had liked to tell himself that his plan to seduce Francis hadn't been borne out of need, not
just the need to feel him, have him, but the need to know.
They hadn't talked about what James saw in his dreams, what Francis surely had seen as well.
It was one horror James couldn't face, and it had kept him from acting sooner.
But the thing with the stores, the list of medical remedies... It wasn't just about James
himself, as he had once again realised. This entire expedition was at stake.
After he had come to that conclusion, James suddenly felt like he needed to know the truth
this instant, or he was going to go mad.
"James, listen to me.", Francis said, brushing his hand over his cheek. "There is nothing you
need to know. Nothing that I can tell you."
Please, don't ask me again, was left unsaid.
There was the barest second where James considered actually leaving it as it was. But no, he
couldn't. He wouldn't.
But fighting with Francis now wasn't the solution. James needed to find out the truth some
other way, and by God he would.
"Let's move off the floor.", he said.
Francis nodded and buttoned his trousers, then James helped him to his feet.
He noticed that he felt completely out of his depth suddenly. Normally, when the sex was
done, one righted himself, disposed of all incriminating evidence, all that was left to do was
to politely part from each other and for everyone to go about their business, but that didn't
feel right now.

Francis had told him he loved him, for God's sake, and even James couldn't pretend anymore
that this was exactly like his affair with Dundy and the others who came before.
"I should... change.", James said awkwardly, his hands still holding on to Francis's arms.
Francis smiled. "I don't mind you wearing the dress, you can leave it on if you like."
James didn't say the obvious, which was that he couldn't leave the room wearing that dress,
since Francis clearly wanted him to stay.
He couldn't find it in him to mind.
"Shall we retire to my berth?", Francis asked.
James nodded. Francis took one of the lamps and brought it into his berth, leaning his cane
against the table. Then he started to undress for the night, just like that.
"Let me.", James said again, reaching for his buttons. "I have yet to see you naked, and I
won't be cheated out of it."
"I wasn't planning to get naked.", Francis muttered, a blush coloring his cheeks.
"Now you are.", James said with a wink while he unbottoned Francis's waistcoat.
"James-"
"I'll do it too, if you like."
"I would. Like that.", Francis choked out, still bright red.
Before they could get to it however, there was a scratching noise on the door to the Great
Cabin, followed by low whining.
They looked at each other.
"Neptune.", James said, and Francis nodded.
They stood frozen for a minute, all the while the whining and scratching continued.
"If we don't let him in, someone is going to note the locked door.", James told Francis.
Francis nodded again.
James sighed, exasperated. "Well, I can't open the door like this." He gestured to his attire
with a flourish.
"Of course, yes, I'm sorry.", Francis said, redoing the buttons of his waistcoat hurriedly. "Stay
here."
Francis grabbed the cane and ducked out of his cabin, and shortly afterward James heard him
unlocking the door, and then contending with a happily barking dog.

"Get! Bad dog, don't you- No, don't-"
It occurred to James that Francis was a strict Captain only for the human inhabitants of this
ship, its animal crew of one seemed to have a rather more weak-willed master.
This was evidenced by Neptune squeezing himself through the other cabin door to greet
James only moments later.
Well, it wouldn't hurt if the dog saw him in a dress...
Neptune played with James's skirts for a bit, then he locked in on another target in the form of
James's boots he had put on the floor next to his clothes.
"No! Get!", James commanded, but it was to no awail.
Neptune took his left boot and ran out of the cabin again.
"Francis, stop him!", James called.
What he heard next was a string of colorful curses from Francis, just before he closed and
locked the door again.
"Neptune ran out with your boot.", Francis said as he appeared in the doorway of his cabin.
"I'm sorry."
James gave an exasperated sigh. "Little rascal. Well, I suppose as long as nobody saw him
run out of here with the boot..."
"Even so, maybe you just took your boots off in the Great Cabin, put your feet up a bit..."
They both had to laugh suddenly. After everything, the idea of a dog stealing his boot and
exposing them seemed patently ridiculous.
"I'll look for it tomorrow.", James said. "Now, where were we...?"
James felt light as a feather as he undressed a grumbling and blushing Francis. He loved this
moment, he loved the dress, he loved... Francis.
James waited for his unease to creep up on him, but it didn't.
He got his hands on Francis's bare skin and roamed his body appreciatively. Francis at first
seemed uncomfortable, looking at James as it he awaited his judgment with fear.
James resolved to kiss that expression right off his face, followed by: "I can only return the
compliment. You're magnificent, Francis. Truly."
Francis brightened. "To hear you say that is-" He stopped, overcome.
James pulled him close, and brought his lips to Francis’s neck. "Think I can kiss each one?",
he murmured, brushing the freckles at Francis's shoulder.

"You're being entirely ridiculous.", Francis said.
"You like it."
Francis didn't answer, and James drew back.
He turned around. "Help me with the dress?"
Francis seemed again, lost for words, and James felt a shiver of insecurity, even though he
knew Francis liked him in the dress. But old patterns were hard to shake.
He then felt Francis's hand in his hair and his lips on his neck.
"I'd be honored to help a lady such as you.", Francis murmured.
The shivers down James's spine turned delicious, and he let Francis peel him slowly out of
the dress and bodice.
It was getting cold, but James didn't care. Once he was naked, he turned around again and let
Francis appraise him.
He looked at him with a sort of helpless desire, and drew him in for a lingering kiss.
They stumbled towards the berth, and Francis lay down and opened the covers for James to
slip in.
James had to swallow. This moment seemed more intimate than the sex, in a way, and again
he knew he shouldn'tJames climbed into the berth, on top of Francis, and kissed him again, pressing close for
warmth.
"I can't stay all night.", he said with regret in his tone.
"Of course.", Francis replied. "When we're back in England-"
He stopped himself, and James knew it was best for both of them, but still he had to ask:
"Yes?"
"I'm going to have you in a bed large enough for the both of us, where it's warm and we have
all the time in the world.", Francis breathed.
Now, James was the one lost for words, which wasn't a problem, because Francis continued:
"I'm going to worship every inch of you, and you can be as loud as you like..."
James gave a cut-off moan and pressed himself closer to Francis.
"Yes, like that.", Francis encouraged.
James couldn't believe it, but he felt himself grow hard again at Francis's words, the feel of
his bare skin against his.

Francis hummed appreciatively and ran his hands over James's chest. He thumbed one of his
nipples, and James couldn't contain another moan.
Francis seemed in wonderment of James's response to his cautious ministrations, and he
slowly dragged his hands over James's body, as if he wished to be sure that James was
currently seething with frustrated arousal.
"Don't tease.", James finally gasped.
He was shamelessly rubbing himself against Francis's leg, but it wasn't enough.
Francis reached down and palmed his cock in a sure grip. James buried his face in Francis's
neck.
"Christ, you're beautiful!", Francis exclaimed as he began to stroke.
"Why, thank you.", James groaned, aiming for coquettish, but sounding too desperate by a
mile. "Tell me more of what you'll do to me, back in England."
Francis kissed his ear, dragging his teeth around the shell of it. "I'm not sure I can wait that
long..."
"Tell me anyway."
James thrust himself into Francis's fist, having decided that the time for any artifice and
pretend at coyness was past.
Because they weren't in England, and they didn't have all the time in the world.
And James wanted to live, to live and laugh and cry and be with those he loved. In this
moment, he could feel alive as Francis was bringing him off and whispering filth into his ear.
"I'm going to take my time and open you up, with my tongue and my fingers, and you're
going to be so good, my darling, so good..."
James nodded. "I want to be good for you, Francis, I want-"
"You are, James, you are."
James whimpered and went for a kiss, which Francis gave to him, so James could stifle the
worst of his moans in the other's mouth.
James had a tendency to get rather loud, a tendency that hadn't exactly served him well in the
past, and it certainly wouldn't here.
Except for the fact that it seemed to drive Francis wild and encourage him to stroke faster.
"Come on, love.", Francis murmured against his lips. "Come on, there's a good girl..."

The words didn't escape James, and he felt a warmth spread inside him that didn't just have to
do with desire.
James drew back to look at Francis, his whole body shaking, straining towards completion.
"Francis, I-"
I love you. So much.
I don't want to die, I don't want to die, I don'tJames came with a deep groan between their bodies. Francis held him through it, pulling him
close, heedless of the mess between them.
"You have seen my death.", James murmured. It was a statement, not a question.
He was resting his head on Francis chest, and Francis was stroking down his bare back. His
hand stopped at the words.
"Nothing I see is fixed.", Francis said. "It can all be prevented."
"How?", James asked, looking up.
Francis sighed. "Why don't you just let me worry about that?"
"Because it's not just about you! It's about me, too and everyone on this expedition! We have
a right to know, a right to help you... Surely it will be easier to do everything with some allies
by your side?"
Francis sighed again. "You're right."
"So?"
"So, what?"
"Tell me your plans. Recruit me.", James said.
Francis looked torn, but then he got that blank, strict expression again that reminded James of
their early acquaintance.
"I think it's time for you to leave.", Francis pressed out.
The rejection was painful, James wasn't going to lie. But through that pain, James saw
another truth: Francis loved him. He had said that he loved him.
James had experienced Francis's protectiveness over him, and it stood to reason that it was
what he was doing now.
Francis was trying to protect him.
From the possibility of his own death? Or was it something else?

Francis was staring blankly past him, as if he was wishing him away with his mind.
"I will leave.", James said softly. "But know, Francis, that you don't have to be alone. I would
share everything with you, if only you would let me."
Francis didn't reply, but James caught the single tear that escaped one eye, running down his
cheek.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James Fitzjames was going to commit murder. He didn't want to, for sure. But if this went on
much longer, he could guarantee for nothing.
For an entire hour, he had been searching for his left boot, and he was growing increasingly
frustrated.
Why couldn't just one thing work as it was supposed to?
Even their dog had to turn out to be a kleptomaniac, in the end.
It had been painful, dressing himself in Francis's cabin yesterday, while Francis tried not to
weep in his berth. James had been in such a hurry to leave that he'd almost forgotten to pack
the dress.
At the same time, he had waited, waited for Francis to deflate and tell him everything. But he
had not.
In the following, nearly sleepless night, it hadn't taken long until James's insecurities had
returned with a vengeance.
Maybe Francis didn't want him by his side. Maybe Francis didn't trust him.
Why, oh why did it have to be this way?
After giving up on sleep, James had risen and in just his socks, decided to look for his boot.
He had found Neptune, bootless, in Sickbay, where he had lain next to Goodsir and the
Netsilisk, chewing on a bone.
"Who has given him that bone?", James had demanded. "He has been stealing. He shouldn't
be rewarded for that."
"I believe Mr. Bridgens gave it to him when he was visiting Mr. Peglar yesterday.", Goodsir
said.
Of course, James didn't take the bone away from the dog, though it was a near thing.
This entire situation was completely ridiculous, and James was aware that his boot would
probably turn up sooner or later, and since it bore his initials someone else couldn't steal it.
Besides, he had a spare pair.

The problem was that said spare pair was on Erebus.
James had looked nearly everywhere he could in just his socks, and even he had to admit that
he was getting rather obsessive about it.
It was as if in his head, that damn boot started to represent everything that had been going
wrong, and if he could just find it then it would all be alright again.
Did him being at least partially aware of this stop him from climbing down into the hold to
look for the boot there?
No, it absolutely didn't.
Francis had been down here recently, James remembered as he waved around his lamp in the
darkness.
Inventory, nothing nefarious, but James couldn't believe in the innocence of Francis's motives
anymore.
One could believe the hold to be silent, deserted as it was, but there were the sounds of the
ice outside, as well as the scurrying about of multiple rats.
James wished he had taken the bone from Neptune after all, especially if his boot turned out
to be down here...
James shone his lantern behind every crate or barrel he came across, thankful that most of the
closed doors meant Neptune couldn't have gotten behind them.
However, the door spirit room was ajar. It was supposed be locked, of course, and only a
select few had the key.
James sighed and, stepped up to it and opened it. The door screeched in its hinges, and
suddenly James heard the muffled sound of a curse, followed by hushed voices.
James held the lantern aloft, but didn't close the door behind him.
"Who's there?", he asked in an authoritative voice.
There was rustling from behind a barrel.
James approached. "Show yourselves!"
A second later, James found himself face to face with a bare-chested Mr. Hickey, who was in
the process of buttoning his trousers.
As if that wasn't already incriminating enough, next the head of Mr. Gibson appeared beside
Hickey.
James wondered if he could still plausibly turn around and pretend like he had seen nothing.

"Commander!", Gibson said, then. "We were just- looking for..."
"The dog.", Mr. Hickey said, sounding a great deal calmer. "We thought we had heard its
whining in here."
"Ah.", James said.
Really couldn't they have come up with an explanation that was half-way believable, at least?
"What are you looking for, sir?", Hickey asked amicably.
"My boot." James pointed to his stockinged feet.
"Well, we haven't seen it. But we will give it to you of course, should we find it, sir."
Hickey tagged on a smile to the last sentence, maybe in the erroneous assumption that it
would make him look innocent.
"Damn dog, always doing what it wants, eh?", Hickey said.
James nodded, tasting ashes in his mouth.
"See that you get done down here and get back to your posts.", he ordered. "Mr. Gibson, I'm
sure you're needed in the officer's quarters."
"Of course, sir.", Gibson said and rose to his feet.
At least he was mostly dressed.
James turned on his heel and left the room.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 22: Francis
Francis was feeling miserable. Which was something one shouldn't feel after spending the
evening with the man of their dreams, but Francis couldn't stop.
He hated, hated, keeping secrets from James, and he wanted nothing more than to be honest
with him.
However, he also had nightmares of seeing James hanged, and those always made clear to
him that he couldn't tell him the whole truth.
Another thing that kept Francis awake throughout the night were James's words.
We have a right to know, a right to help you... Surely it will be easier to do everything with
some allies by your side?
Francis had tried to push that possibility out of his mind, but deep down he knew that James
was right.
Take his idea of poisoning Sir John: too much could go wrong if he just did it on his own,
especially since he just wanted to poison Sir John, not an entire dinner table.
Then there was the fact that the more that were in on it, the less likely anyone would talk
about it back in England. It was like Caesar's death: if everyone delivered a killing blow, all
were equally guilty.
It was a risk, and he hated the idea, yet he needed a greater chance for his plan to succeed.
However, he was still reluctant to pull James into it. He wanted James safe above everything,
and he knew it wasn't fair to the others, or even to James himself, but he couldn't bring
himself to be honest with him.
Though perhaps he could be honest with someone else.
As Jopson helped him dress, Francis regarded his stewart with new eyes. Could he be an
ally?
Francis knew Jopson was devoted to him, and at the same time Francis felt greatly indebted
to Jopson, for his withdrawal in the other reality as well as Jopson keeping the alcohol from
him in this one.
He didn't want to drag Jopson into this, either, but he was aware he couldn't let that keep him
from telling him, or else he would get nowhere.
Jopson would surely help, yet Francis thought there was someone else he should talk to first.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Thomas Blanky was on deck, smoking and watching the ice. It was far too cold to do this for
long, but he still made an effort.
Such moments were the only time Francis suspected his friend might know some kind of
melancholy too, and indeed he probably wasn't so much watching the never-changing ice as
missing his wife and children.
"Thomas.", Francis said, taking up the place next to him.
The morning watch was far enough away that they wouldn't be disturbed.
"Captain.", Blanky replied, equally curtly.
They stood in silence for a moment, until Francis said: "I need to talk to you. About
something important, something vital to this expedition."
Thomas turned to him. "I'm all ears."
Francis was nervous, and he reminded himself that he had told Thomas all this once before.
After which Thomas had gone off to his death...
Of course, he could opt for lying or part of the truth, but that wouldn't do. Not with Thomas.
Francis cleared his throat. They started a slow walk up and down the gunwale to keep warm.
"What I'm going to tell you might sound insane, but I ask that you hear me out till the end."
Thomas nodded. "Sure."
Francis took a deep breath of cold air. "I know what will happen, Thomas. I know what will
happen and it isn't pretty."
And so Francis told the whole sorry story. How thaw wouldn't come, how a monster would
kill Sir John, how they would sit out another winter here, stuck, unmoving. How Francis
would make the decision to get off the whiskey, thanks to James. Then the horrors of the
Carnivale, Dr. Stanley and the lead, the long walk...
Thomas listened, occasionally pausing to ask questions, but patient overall to wait on
Francis's explanation.
In the end, Francis barely had the words anymore to describe James's death. His voice broke
when he told of James's last request, and Francis knew he was crying when he felt the tears
freeze on his cheeks.
Thomas wordlessly pulled him into a hug, then said: "Perhaps we should go to your cabin,
Frank."
Francis agreed, and he used the break they had while they walked down to compose himself.
Thankfully, the cold made tears and snot freeze to one's face even without emotional turmoil,
so no one noticed their Captain showing weakness.

Irving and Little were in the Great Cabin, playing a game of cards. Francis felt bad about
telling them to go, which of course they did without complaint, but he couldn't risk anyone
overhearing his conversation with Thomas.
Out of their slops, Francis and Thomas settled in his cabin.
Francis knew he had to go on now, though he was still shaken from describing James's grisly
end. He had never told anyone about it, he realised, and he never wanted to again.
It was as if his words brought everything back, made the horror real again. The hand that
gripped his cane was shaking.
"I think it's time you told me how you know all that.", Thomas said gently.
"After James, I-", Francis began. "I wanted to sit vigil at his side, and- I don't know if I fell
asleep or... what exactly happened, but next thing I knew I woke up... here. In this time, on
the 22nd of September, 1845."
Blanky looked at him, cocked his head, frowned. "Ah, that was the day you started acting so
strangely. That about explains it."
"So you believe me?"
"Aye.", Thomas said. "If you were still drinking, it would be another matter entirely, but you
haven't drunk a drop since that day, I'm pretty sure. I have been asking myself how you
could've avoided the withdrawal, I guess I just wasn't creative enough to think you had
already gone through it in a different reality..."
Francis was surprised at Thomas's easy acceptance. "And you really don't think I'm insane?"
"Well, you've always been a little insane. And whatever happened, I know that somehow
you've experienced the events you described. You saw it all go wrong. You saw your
Fitzjames die..."
Francis had to blink away new tears that were forming at that, though he knew Thomas saw
it.
"I knew there was a reason I told you first, in the other reality.", Francis said.
"You did? And what did the other me say to that?", Thomas asked.
Francis lowered his voice. "That's the reason I'm telling you now. And why I need the
strictest secrecy in this matter..."
Thomas nodded. "Go on."
"You see, I know that thaw won't come, which means we have to walk out after this winter at
the latest. Abandon the ships. There is no other way. And I know Sir John will never agree to
that, no matter what we tell him..."

"You want to kill him.", Thomas stated calmly.
Francis felt his heart at his throat. "There is no other way. I've tried, tried to convince him...
James is trying, but I know he won't succeed. He has to die."
"Aye. But we can't all hang for mutiny, after."
"Exactly.", Francis said.
Thomas was silent for a while, deep in thought. Finally, he spoke: "Alright. I will help you."
"You will?", Francis asked, his voice shaking like his hands.
"I want to see Esther and the children again, and for all the others to make it home.", Thomas
said. "I will help you. Tell me your ideas."
Francis told him haltingly of making it look like an accident, and his idea of poisoning Sir
John. It was deeply distasteful to speak of these things aloud, even more than just to think
them.
"I'm so sorry to drag you into this, Thomas.", Francis added desperately. "I tried to do it
alone, I tried-"
"To be honest, I'm a little angry that you didn't tell me sooner.", Blanky said. "This is a matter
of survival, and instead of you dithering uselessly we could've already solved this weeks
ago!"
Francis stated at his friend, dumbfounded.
"Well, Frank, I'll say the obvious: you need allies. No mutiny was ever made up of just one
person."
"Two, now.", Francis reminded him.
"You need more.", Thomas said. "If you go with poison, for example, you need at least one of
the doctors on your side. McDonald, I should think. Goodsir is too principled and Stanley
won't do for obvious reasons."
Francis had thought similarly, in fact.
"And one other thing.", Thomas continued. "You need both crews to trust you, and not just
the officers. It would be best if you could recruit someone lower down, someone who has an
ear for the men."
"A spy, you mean?"
"Oh, much more than a spy. Someone who the men will listen to, someone who will tell you
what is going on with them, and who has no moral qualms about your plan, but nevertheless
will stay loyal."

It made sense. As much as Francis disliked this possibility, he had to see that it had merit.
"I don't know if there is such a man on this ship.", Francis said.
"You will have to find him. I'll help you.", Thomas replied. "And now to a more
uncomfortable question: what is Fitzjames's stance in all this?"
Francis had dreaded that inquiry, but he knew it needed to be asked.
"I don't want him involved.", Francis said.
"Because he will take Sir John's side?"
Francis tried to take the easy way out. "Yes."
Thomas, of course, wasn't buying it. "I don't think he will be unmoved if you tell him what
you told me. He is certainly closer to you than he ever was to Sir John, besides, he would be
your most valuable ally in all this."
"I still want him to stay out of it.", Francis said. "I won't involve him until I absolutely have
to."
"That's foolish, Frank. If he finds out some other way, you can't control what he might do."
Francis didn't reply and stared angrily at his hands.
"It's because you love him, isn't it?", Thomas said.
Francis sighed. "I promised him to get him out alive, Thomas. I couldn't keep that promise in
the other time, but I'll be damned if I don't keep it here.", he murmured. "It might be foolish,
it might be selfish, but I have to do it this way."
Blanky sighed. "You're fighting a losing battle there. But I won't quarrel with you. Just be
aware that as long as he doesn't know, you have to treat him as if he is on Sir John's side, an
obstacle for us to overcome. Which means, you have to send him back to Erebus."
Francis felt pain in his heart, as he knew that James would see such a request as rejection, but
Thomas was right.
If he wanted James safe, he needed to commit to it.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So Thomas had been recruited. Next on the list was Dr. McDonald, and Francis already knew
that he needed to find a different strategy with him.
Thankfully, Dr. McDonald was acquainted with the realities of the Arctic, and he knew how
serious their situation was.

Before he could look for the doctor however, James appeared in the great cabin, just as he
and Thomas stepped out of Francis's cabin.
He was clad in just his socks, so he hadn't found the boot Neptune had stolen yesterday.
"Francis, I need to speak with you. In private.", James said urgently.
"It couldn't wait until you were dressed?", Thomas asked in an amused tone.
"Neptune stole my boot.", James explained.
"I know. He brought it to me.", Thomas said. "Very odd, because it didn't look like Neptune
was coming from your cabin, Commander. But I guess it's just one of these things..."
Francis shot the Ice Master a warning look.
James huffed. "And why, pray tell, haven't you returned the boot to me?"
"I brought it to your cabin as soon as the hour was decent.", Blanky said. "You weren't there,
so I put it next to your bed."
"I was searching the entire ship!"
Before anyone could say something more, Goodsir knocked on the door and came in.
"There is a matter, Captain, I wish to talk to you about. It concerns the Netsilisk."
Technically, James was of higher rank and should be heard first, but the Netsilisk were for
Francis the highest priority ever since Lady Silence's father had saved James and the search
party.
"Why don't you get your boots on, and then we'll talk?", Francis said to James.
James nodded reluctantly and left for his cabin.
When Blanky made to leave as well, Goodsir stopped him. "You should hear it too, as you
know their language best out of all of us."
Francis and Thomas sat down, but Goodsir seemed too nervous to join them, remaining
standing.
"We all know the state of our provisions.", Goodsir began. "We will have to be able to hunt as
soon as possible, and hunt enough for it all to sustain us. And to be frank, I don't think that
will be as easy as our leader makes it out to be."
"You're right.", Francis said, and Thomas nodded.
Goodsir swallowed and nodded as well. "So I thought, that perhaps- perhaps we could make
an alliance with the Netsilisk. They had been eating well when they came here. They know

how to hunt, even in winter. They also know how to survive these climes, without resorting
to- desperate measures."
"And how would this alliance look like?", Thomas asked, visibly intrigued.
"Maybe they could teach us, the men, what they know, especially about hunting. But also,
should we have to-" Goodsir paused a moment. "Should we convince Sir John to walk out of
here, they could help us with other things as well. Perhaps some could be sent ahead to get us
rescue from Fort Resolution..."
"Have you talked about this with Lady Silence?", Francis inquired.
It was an ingenious idea, of course. One Francis himself should've had, really.
Francis remembered the dead Netsilisk in the other time, how they had fed Lieutenant Irving
their seal meat. It could've been the beginning of improvement for them, had Hickey not
killed them.
And therein lay the problem. Few of the men respected the Netsilisk. Francis doubted that
Hickey had known what a monumental mistake he was making when he'd done what he did,
and how readily the others believed Hickey's story of the Netsilisk attacking him showed that
none were willing to trust them.
"I haven't talked to her yet, no.", Goodsir said. "I thought you should do it, Captain. If you
agree with my suggestion."
"I do agree.", Francis replied and Goodsir's demeanor brightened. "But I know of many who
will not."
Goodsir's face fell. "I had thought of that, too. But surely, if we make it clear that it's a matter
of survival..."
Thomas and Francis exchanged a look. They were both aware of the glaring obstacle to this
plan in the form of Sir John himself. He would never consent to any part of it, especially
anything that had to do with any kind of rescue mission.
"We shall have to be careful in how we go about this.", Francis said. "I want you to keep
silent about it for now, Dr. Goodsir."
"I will. To be honest, I don't want a repeat of our conference with Sir John and Dr. Stanley.",
Goodsir confessed. "But we should perhaps talk to the Netsilisk before they leave."
"Yes, we'll do that.", Francis said.
"We are in a poor position.", Blanky gave to consider. "We don't have anything to offer them
in return for their help, except eternal gratitude."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James stopped them on their way to Sickbay, boots on this time.

"Can't it wait?", Francis asked. "Dr. Goodsir has actually formulated a plan to-"
"I'm sure it's riveting, but I need to talk to you.", James said urgently. "Just us two. Right
now."
Thomas gave him a meaningful look over James's shoulder. Francis already felt horrible
about sending James away yesterday, and now he would have to add to that and tell James to
return to Erebus.
"I'll catch up.", Francis said to the others, then led James back to the Great Cabin.
James closed the door, and locked it, before stepping close to Francis.
"Christ, James, you look like you saw a ghost!", Francis blurted before he could stop himself.
James ran a harried hand through his hair. "I wish it had been a ghost, so I wouldn't be in the
bind I am now...", James murmured.
"What happened?"
James sighed, chewing the inside of his cheek. "Remember when I thought you were sleeping
with Mr. Hickey?"
Of all the things Francis had expected, this hadn't been it.
"I do.", he said. "Why-"
"And you said you knew Mr. Hickey was committing sodomy on this very ship-"
Francis was alarmed. "I only knew it because of my... second sight, not because-"
"I'm aware.", James interrupted him. "Well. I caught Hickey. Committing sodomy on this
ship."
"Ah."
Francis cursed inwardly. Why couldn't these people at least be smart enough not to get caught
when breaking the law?
"I don't know what to do.", James continued in a panicked voice.
It took Francis a moment to understand James's problem. Of course, James wouldn't want
anyone to get punished for sodomy, lashed or even worse, hanged. But if he said nothing, he
was making himself culpable. Hickey might wonder, when there were no consequences for
his actions, why exactly the Commander hadn't told on him.
It would be another matter if Hickey were a kind-hearted man, but Francis had told James
about the mutiny in the future, thinking that in regards to Hickey, James not only deserved an
explanation, it also wouldn't do any harm.

It might even distract James from Francis's plans for Sir John, Francis had thought.
"It's best you do nothing.", Francis said, in what he hoped was a reassuring tone. "Let me
worry about it."
"Francis, I-", James stuttered, then gathered himself. "I've always had to hide part of myself. I
don't know which was worse, the fact of my illegitimate birth or that I'm an invert, but both
are things that can't be known. Hickey can't know. He can't."
"He won't." Francis put both hands on James shoulders, leaning his cane against the table.
"Listen to me, James. He won't. I will make sure of it."
James's eyes searched Francis's face, afraid. "How?"
"Well, first of all, you did report Hickey, didn't you? You did your duty. I know now. Any
actions that are or are not taken are my responsibility. Feel free to tell Hickey that, should he
have the nerve to approach you."
James cradled Francis's jaw, caressing his cheek with his thumb. "I don't want you in danger,
either.", he said softly.
Francis felt a lump in his throat at the earnestness of James's gaze, the love it held. He
couldn't help himself and pressed a small kiss to the other's lips.
"I won't be. I have an idea how to deal with him. Trust me."
"I hope you know what you're doing.", James said in a rush. "I don't want to see you hanged,
Francis, or even lashed. I couldn't bear it."
Francis was utterly taken aback at this worry about his person. He realised, while he may
have given up on suicide, he still didn't rate his life particularly highly in the grand scheme of
things.
It touched him deeply that James worried about him the same way Francis did for James.
"It won't happen.", Francis promised him. "As I said, I have a plan."
Francis wasn't lying. Slowly, a picture began to form inside his head. It was risky, foolish,
perhaps, but if he was successful he could rid himself of two problems in one stroke.
James pressed his forehead against Francis, breathing a kiss to his cheek. Francis closed his
eyes and pulled James closer, unable to help himself.
"I take it you won't tell me your plan.", James murmured.
"It's not exactly conventional.", Francis whispered back. "The less you know, the better."
"Hm." James drew back, eyeing Francis. "You don't want to kill him anymore, do you?
Especially not for-"

"No, James. I won't be unjust.", Francis said.
Francis wasn't lying. There were still moments -few and far between- when he hated Hickey
so much that he wanted kill him with his bare hands. Not so much for the mutiny, he had to
admit, but for robbing James's corpse, which was the lesser crime, he knew. Still, he couldn't
help feeling this way.
But it had been a while since he had stayed in the other time, and in this one Hickey had as of
yet done nothing wrong.
Francis could still hear James telling him that it would be unjust to punish Hickey for crimes
he hadn't committed yet, and knew he was right.
And the sodomy didn't and shouldn't bother him, as in that department he wasn't any better
than Hickey himself.
"I must confess, it amazes me that you have lived so well in the navy with such a great risk
hanging over your head.", Francis said to James.
"I could say the same to you. I know I wasn't the first man in your bed."
Francis cleared his throat. "That may be true, but I was very young when I last... indulged. I
thought women were safer after that, on the whole."
"Well, I've never had any interest in women.", James admitted. "And in a way, the navy helps
with that. Few people ask why I'm not married. The ones that do are satisfied with the usual
explanations."
Since the beginning, Francis had been wondering why James didn't seem to have a
sweetheart. When James had told him, in the other time, he really should've put two and two
together.
"How did you know? About me?", Francis asked.
James gave a gentle scoff. "You weren't exactly subtle in your affections, Francis. Especially
not for someone like me."
"Someone like you?"
"Trained to read gazes and gestures like a book. Studying actions and reactions, most of all it
is someone I care for as well."
Francis stole another kiss, heedless of what he should do instead. James kissed back, opening
his lips, and suddenly Francis was holding on for dear life as they devoured each other's
mouths.
"I missed you tonight.", James said between kisses.
"Me too, my darling." The words were out of Francis's mouth before he could call them back.

Really, Francis mused, he was bad at being honest with James, but equally bad at staying
away from him.
James backed away a little. "It was Billy Gibson, by the way. The one with Hickey."
"I'd figured.", Francis said.
"How? Did you have a vision of them having sex or something?", James asked, a curious
mixture of fascinated and repulsed.
"Nothing so crass. It's just that Gibson was involved in the mutiny, and consequently there
were... will be rumors about them."
James nodded, thoughtful.
Francis knew he had to get James out of here before he went back on his plan to send him
back to Erebus for good.
"James, why don't you go and send me Mr. Hickey? I'd like to have a talk with him."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 23: Confessions of a Caulker's Mate
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Someone who the men will listen to, someone who will tell you what is going on with them,
and who has no moral qualms about your plan, but nevertheless will stay loyal...
Francis heard Thomas's words in his head as Cornelius Hickey took a stance before him. He
didn't look particularly afraid, or penitent, not that Francis had expected such a thing.
Francis stayed sitting down, and he was reminded of when Hickey had stood before him after
abducting Lady Silence back to the ship in the other time.
By God, he had deserved the lash, but Francis also knew with hindsight that the harsh
punishment had been a mistake.
It certainly hadn't made Hickey more obedient, just apparently awakened his thirst for
revenge.
"You know why you're here, Mr. Hickey?", Francis asked.
"I haven't the slightest idea, sir.", Hickey replied. "I had thought that you had tired of talking
to me, Captain."
Francis made sure his face betrayed nothing. "I simply found that I didn't need your expertise
anymore."
Hickey smiled, perhaps aiming for cocky, but it looked more like a nervous gesture. "And
you need it again now?"
"In a manner of speaking.", Francis said.
He paused, wondering at the last part of Thomas's words. Of course, loyalty was something
that didn't come easy to Hickey. And Francis doubted that he had reached the caulker's mate
with any of his sermons. Hickey was neither God-fearing nor respected authority.
"How badly do you want to go home, Mr. Hickey?"
Hickey looked taken aback by the question, since he had probably expected to be called out
for committing sodomy.
"Well, sir, I mostly signed up for this voyage because I wanted to get away from home, to be
honest."
Not surprising.
"How badly do you want to live, then?", Francis asked.

Hickey raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Are things that dire?"
"Things are always that dire in the Arctic. But there are a few matters that the crew is not
aware of, which considerably lower our chances."
"What matters, sir?", Hickey said.
Francis gave a scoff. "You expect me to tell you that?"
This was a mistake. Francis could see the anger flashing across Hickey's face right before he
hid it.
"I have a problem, Mr. Hickey.", Francis continued in a kinder tone. "I don't know if I can
trust you. I would like to, but I don't know."
Francis watched as Hickey obviously tried to puzzle out the meaning behind this meeting.
"Well.", Hickey said. "You could just blackmail me, Captain Crozier."
"What you would do, no doubt?"
This time, Hickey smiled again. "What anyone would do."
"I want your trust and your loyalty, Mr. Hickey. I can hardly earn it by blackmailing you."
Francis wondered, though, if perhaps that was precisely the way to earn it, or at least
Hickey's respect.
"I thought you expect our trust and loyalty to be a given.", Hickey said.
"As Captain, I should be entitled to it. But we both know that things aren't always as they
should be."
Hickey frowned. "I suppose you want me to prove my loyalty to you, sir?"
"I'm going to tell you something in the strictest confidence. And I'll tell you right now, I will
know if you even so much as breathe a word of this to someone else."
"Why?", Hickey asked immediately.
"Because I need your help. That's all I can reveal for now."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cornelius Hickey would've laughed in the Captain's face if he didn't have a better handle on
himself than that.
The Captain needed his help. His help.
This had to be some kind of joke.

When Fitzjames had sought him out in the mess and told him to report to the Captain, Hickey
had thought that his good luck had finally run out, and he would have to answer to charges of
sodomy.
They were serious about that sort of thing in the Navy, that much Hickey knew from Billy,
who had been freaking out in that quiet way of his ever since Fitzjames had caught them.
Hickey had honestly thought that Fitzjames wouldn't report them. At least he told Billy that.
Hickey still remembered the conversation he'd had with the Commander, months ago now,
where Fitzjames had honestly all but asked him if the Captain was sleeping with him.
What had been so confounding about that was that Fitzjames seemed to have asked out of
genuine concern for his wellbeing, not to punish him or any other ulterior motive.
Hickey should've known that it was too good to be true. No one ever cared about the likes of
him, especially not someone who was high up in that stupid, arbitrary system of rank ships
had.
Hickey had thought going to sea would make him free; instead, he was toiling at the bottom
of the same empty system of authority that existed on land.
More so, even, because if there was one thing these Navy people were obsessed with it was
rank; as if they all didn't shit through the same hole on deck; and now didn't freeze their
bollocks off at the same rate of they stayed outside for too long.
Well, it was Hickey's own mistake for not doing enough research beforehand. He hadn't had
the time, honestly. He had needed to get out of a bad situation and so he had done what he'd
always done: take the next available route that ensured his survival.
He had heard people talk about going out to sea before. It had seemed like last ditch, but
downright romantic option for someone who didn't make it on land.
It turned out that the people he'd heard talking were either all liars or they had been in for as
badly a surprise as he; out at sea, not everyone was equal, and free, and having great
adventures all the time.
Hickey did what he had done since he was thirteen years old and working in a canning
factory; working for the rich, the lucky ones, the better off.
He didn't understand how someone like Billy could actually be hired just to dress them up
like peacocks and shave them and carry off their shit, when Hickey himself was feeling
mutinous just caulking leaks that would cause everyone to drown if he didn't do it.
And there weren't even out on the open sea anymore, but frozen in ice for the second time in
a row. Which wouldn't be so bad (Hickey had been surprised at the bad case of seasickness
fate had dealt him when they'd set off, partly because he had thought seasickness was a myth,
partly because even if it wasn't, he thought he would be strong enough to resist it), had
Hickey not hated it on this ship in general.

He got along reasonably well with the crew, the ones low enough to associate with him, at
least, but their sheep-like acceptance of the Captain's authority irked him greatly.
Hickey wondered what made the Captain such a special man, that he deserved people's
loyalty like that.
At the canning factory, at least all the workers had been in agreement that their overseer was
an arsehole.
But the venerated Captain Crozier was apparently some kind of God, hardly present though
he had been until his decision to stop reading the Ship's Articles at Sunday Service and
instead grace the crew with his own words.
He was a good speaker, that much even Hickey would admit, though he had little room in his
head for all that Bible shit, as his brother used to call it.
And one couldn't even mention anything amiss about Sir John Franklin, their glorious leader
who apparently shat silver nuggets, or else Hickey couldn't think of an explanation why that
man was so loved.
Anyway, Hickey had told Billy, who was already seeing the lash rain down on him, that
Fitzjames was far too soft-hearted to ever report them -and there could perhaps be some kind
of opening that he could later use for his own purposes- and even so, there were worse things
than being lashed.
Of course, Hickey had never been lashed, but he had endured pain before, pain from getting
beaten, pain from hunger, pain from broken bones...
He hadn't told Billy that, of course, and even if he had Billy would've hardly heard him, lost
as he was in his personal world of anguish.
When Fitzjames had come to get him, his eyes steel and his lips pressed together, Hickey had
just felt a sort of resigned urge to laugh.
Hickey knew that Fitzjames and the Captain were close, and that it had not always been this
way.
Apparently now, they were reading books together when before, they had barely tolerated
each other's presence. There was still room for misunderstandings, apparently, as evidenced
by the time Fitzjames had asked Hickey if he was being abused.
Hickey could only sneer at it now, but that had been the first time in his life anyone had cared
about such a thing. Of course it would turn out to be false, no, far more interesting were the
reasons Fitzjames had come to such a conclusion in the first place.
Could it be that Crozier had some kind of reputation, in elite circles? Was he known for
seducing his subordinates?
Hickey had seen such things before, though so far had escaped that particular kind of
attention. It happened to women more often, of course, women who couldn't afford to be

decent.
Decency was another thing that belonged to Hickey's betters, to be doled out as they saw fit.
But it would've surprised Hickey with Crozier, however. The man seemed morose, withdrawn
in the few instances that he had spoken to him, before Crozier had apparently decided to take
an interest in him.
Naturally, Hickey had lapped up the Captain's attention like a starved dog and later hated
himself for it, and not just because the Captain unceremoniously dropped him like a used
handkerchief.
Billy had been relieved. He had said that only bad things could come from an arrangement
like this, and they had fought about it.
"Don't get yourself into such trouble, Cornelius."
Well, now they were both in trouble. Hickey didn't fear the lash, if he was honest, but he
worried about Billy. His lover was a much softer man; he would break under punishment like
a brittle stick, not to mention any kind of ridicule they might have to endure from the other
men.
Hickey had been surprised when Billy hadn't been in the Great Cabin, standing before the
Captain as well.
He had then scolded himself for his surprise; Billy might be soft, but he was also crafty. He
had probably arranged some kind of deal with Fitzjames or the Captain, and now Hickey
would be the only one punished.
Really, one couldn't imagine his surprise when Crozier turned the whole exchange into a
matter about trust, and then said that he needed Hickey's help.
What new game is this?, Hickey thought. Am I about to be used in some intrigue among the
higher ups?
If so, he had to find some kind of way to turn it around on them, so that he wasn't the one
losing.
He still was sure that Crozier would blackmail him. It was obvious that he knew about the
sodomy.
But instead of doing that, Crozier told him that their provisions were, to a large extent,
poisoned.
Had Crozier given the impression before that he had any sense of humor, Hickey would've
accused him of making a joke.
Part of this joke Crozier couldn't be in on, however.

Who would've thought that Cornelius Hickey, whose real name wasn't Cornelius Hickey at
all, would never escape the curse of canned goods?
Everyone, probably.
"What's the plan, then?", Hickey asked after the Captain was finished. "So we don't all die?"
After all, if for nothing else, Crozier was Captain to answer these sort of questions with a
confident solution on hand.
"Our only chance is to walk out in summer.", Crozier said. "It won't be easy either, but we'll
make do. We have to give up on the Passage, however."
Hickey didn't give two fucks about the goddamned North-West Passage, never had. That was
for people who cared about England, about the Empire, and Hickey didn't see the point of
caring for something that had never done anything for him in return.
Though, it occurred to him that it was probably more difficult for the likes of John Franklin.
And John Franklin made the decisions here about the expedition, about all their fates, by
God-given right, according to him, by blind dumb luck, according to Hickey.
"And will Captain Sir John approve of your plan?", Hickey asked.
Crozier stared at him, assessing. "That is the question, isn't it?"
Hickey thought, lightning fast. Could it be? Was Crozier actually thinking of going against
their leader?
This could be interesting. Very, very interesting.
"With all due respect, sir, why do you tell me all this?", Hickey said.
"To see how well you can keep a secret."
"And because you need my help?"
"Pardon?"
"Well, you said, sir, that you needed my help.", Hickey said.
Needed to use me, he thought.
For why else would the Captain do such a thing? Especially after Hickey had been caught
committing a crime.
"I do, Mr. Hickey. But first, as I also said, I need to know if I can trust you."
Hickey nodded. He saw that he needed to decide what he wanted out of this going forward.
Did he want to play Crozier's game or work against him?
Did he even have a choice?

"How do you know the cans are poisoned?", Hickey asked at last.
The Captain frowned. "Dr. Goodsir figured it out. He fed Erebus's monkey from the cans and
he died of lead poisoning."
Huh. Hickey wouldn't have thought Goodsir would do such a thing, poison an animal like
that. Hickey had watched the young assistant surgeon during his stay on Terror, and he
seemed kind-hearted, which meant that he had to be some kind of idiot.
The fact that he was interested in the Netsilisk savages seemed to point towards that as well.
There was a knock on the door, and after the Captain's admission to come in, Fitzjames
appeared.
His gaze went over Hickey for a short second, too briefly for Hickey to puzzle it out.
"Good that you're here.", Crozier said. "Mr. Hickey and I were just finished."
Hickey gave a tilt of the head and stood at attention, which he had never liked, until Crozier
dismissed him.
As Hickey walked through the empty gangway, it occurred to him that he might have the
opportunity to find out now what was between the Captain and Fitzjames.
No one was here, and so no one would see him stealthily sneaking back towards the closed
door...
Hickey pressed his ear to the wood, because inside Crozier and Fitzjames were speaking very
quietly.
From what he gathered, it was about the Netsilisk. Disappointing, then. The Ice Master was
mentioned, and the word "hunting" several times.
It certainly stood to reason that what Crozier had said about the tins was true.
Hickey decided to keep the secret. He needed to know what the Captain wanted from him,
and he trusted himself to be smart enough no to let Crozier screw him over.
While he was still thinking about that, the voices behind the door got louder, angrier,
especially Fitzjames.
"So what? You're going to send me back, just like that?", he demanded.
Crozier replied: "It's nothing personal. My leg is nearly healed, and I'm sure Sir John would
like to have you back-"
"Nothing personal? Nothing personal?" Fitzjames's voice sounded acidic. "We both know
that you don't care one bit about Sir John wanting me back!"
"Hodgson, too, would dearly like to return to his bunk, I'm sure-"

"Hodgson?! Are you fucking kidding me?" There was a pause, followed by footsteps. "Let's
say what this is really about, shall we? You don't trust me. You're planning something, I know
you do, but you don't believe that I'm worthy of knowing."
"I'm not planning anything!"
"You!" Fitzjames lowered his voice on the next words, but a delighted Hickey heard them
anyway: "You got on your knees and sucked my prick to keep me from finding out! You told
me you loved me!"
"Because it is true!"
"I don't believe you. Actions speak louder than words, Francis."
Hickey backed away from the door, because he feared that Fitzjames would storm out in
anger.
"James, wait-"
"No, I'm done! I will leave for Erebus, gladly! Do whatever you want, but don't believe for a
second that I still care about you!"
Hickey turned and walked up the gangway, knowing that Fitzjames would open the door at
any second now.
Instead, he heard a huge crash, then Fitzjames again: "Francis? Francis, wake up! Francis!"
A suitable distance away, Hickey stopped in his tracks. What the hell was going on?
Next, Fitzjames called even more loudly for help. Both Lieutenant Little and Mr. Jopson
burst out of their cabins, almost crashing into each other.
Little was the one who saw Hickey lurking at the end of the gangway, and he told him to
come here, while Jopson opened the door to the Great Cabin.
Captain Crozier had taken a fall, apparently, and he was lying on the floor, unresponsive.
Fitzjames was bent over him, almost as if to shield his body from any intruders.
"Get Dr. McDonald!", Fitzjames ordered. "Now, Mr. Hickey!"
Flinching at being so directly spoken to, Hickey turned on his heel and ran to obey the order.
Dr. McDonald wasn't in Sickbay, but there was Mr. Goodsir, along with Mr. Blanky, and of
course the ever present Netsilisk.
They carried the Captain to his berth, lying him down and tucking him in.
"Someone should stay with him to hold him down if he convulses.", Goodsir said. "I'm going
to get Dr. McDonald."

Blanky and Fitzjames looked at each other, while Hickey looked at the Captain, fascinated.
His eyes were open, staring into nothing. Hickey wondered what he was seeing.
"Well, I'm going to pack my things.", Fitzjames said coldly, very at odds with his emotional
reaction from before. "I trust you have it well in hand, Mr. Blanky?"
"Aye."
It seemed like Blanky wanted to say more, but he stopped himself.
Fitzjames nodded curtly and left.
Hickey made himself scarce as well. He really hoped that the Captain wasn't dying, after
everything that happened.
Hickey wanted to know what Crozier's mysterious plan was, and he also now had some very
real dirt on him.
Hickey was sure that Sir John wouldn't exactly be delighted to find out that his Second and
Third were fucking each other.
And really, who did Fitzjames think he was, to tell on Hickey for crime he himself
committed, with the Captain himself, no less?
It had all been plain and simple jealousy, Fitzjames's whole show of concern for him.
More fool you are for falling for it, Hickey thought.
He indulged himself for a moment with the image of Crozier and Fitzjames, lashed for their
disobedience.
But no, Hickey was sure that Sir John wouldn't do that. It would hurt the command structure
more than help it, and after all, these people protected their own.
Hickey decided to search for Billy, to at least calm him down a bit, now that Hickey knew
that probably no punishment was forthcoming.
In the passageway, he almost collided with Dr. McDonald, on his way to the Captain.
Hickey mumbled an apology and a greeting, but the doctor barely seemed to hear him in his
hurry.
He was just looking after the doctor with a shake of his head, when he literally ran into Billy,
who apparently had been loitering here a while.
Wordlessly, Billy grabbed Hickey by the arm and dragged him into his room.
"And? Will we be lashed?", Billy asked urgently. "I heard you saw the Captain-"
"Yes.", Hickey said, grinning. "I saw the Captain."

"Please don't drag this out, Cornelius, I can barely-"
Hickey had been planning to drag this out, but now he decided not to be cruel. "We won't be
punished.", he said. "At least I don't think so."
"But Fitzjames told the Captain?"
"Yes, but the Captain isn't interested in lashing us."
Billy looked suspicious. "Why?"
Hickey knew that he couldn't tell Billy the truth, he wouldn't risk the secrecy of his
knowledge like that.
"Well, the Captain thinks it's not good for the overall discipline of the crew to have men
lashed at this time. The winter is already hard enough, he said. Let us go with a warning."
Billy still didn't seem convinced. "And why wasn't I present for this?"
"I don't know. Maybe Fitzjames only got me because he thinks I seduced you with my many
wiles, not the other way around."
Billy scoffed, then smiled for the briefest moment. Hickey was reminded that he did owe
Billy a lot, for making this entire voyage more bearable, for making at least part of it fun.
However, Billy wouldn't be able to collect on the debt if he didn't know it was there.
"We have to stop, you know.", Billy said.
"Why that?"
"Seriously, Cornelius? Getting caught by a Commander isn't enough for you?"
Hickey was about to say that said Commander knew quite a bit about sodomy himself, but he
stopped himself. As much as he wanted to tell Billy, and thought it would be hilarious if it
was all over the ship by noon, he could hardly blackmail the two lovebirds later with
something that was common knowledge.
"We'll just have to be more careful.", Hickey said with a shrug.
"Yes, and most careful of all is if we don't do it all."
Hickey smiled and crossed his arms. "You really want to give this up? After being such a
good wife to me?"
Billy pressed his lips together. "Stop it, Cornelius."
Hickey took Billy's hand, opened it, and pressed a kiss to his palm. Billy snatched his hand
back.
"It's too dangerous.", he insisted.

"Alright, alright.", Hickey said, thinking that Billy probably needed a little time to recover
from the shock. Then he would come crawling back for sure. "By the way, did you know that
the Captain had some kind of fit just now?"
Billy frowned. "So that's why Dr. McDonald came running... No, I didn't. Is it very serious?"
"Serious enough that he probably doesn't give a shit who Fitzjames caught doing what.",
Hickey said with a meaningful eyebrow-raise.
"Be that as it may, he will remember once he's recovered."
"If he recovers.", Hickey said.
Billy looked at him, shocked. "You don't believe the Captain is in mortal danger, do you?"
"Well, it was unnerving to be sure. He just lay there with his eyes open, unseeing, like a
corpse. Do you know of a disease that does that?"
Billy shook his head. "That sounds serious indeed. Maybe he's having some kind of vision?"
"If he does, I hope it's of a worse place than this one.", Hickey said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Actually, it's not advised to hold epileptic patients down when they have a seizure, but
I'm sure that was seen differently in Victorian times.
I hope you enjoyed this little excursion into Hickey, next chapter is Francis again!

Chapter 24: Francis
Francis opened his eyes to see Goodsir looking down on him. Not the studious, optimistic
Goodsir of the past, but, as his beard showed, a much more sober Goodsir of the future.
Still, Francis smiled, even as he felt like crying.
"It's good to see you, doctor.", he murmured.
Goodsir shook his head slightly, deeply sad. "It seems you fainted, Captain. Do you know
where you are?"
Francis looked around. He was in a tent, away from the ships, obviously. Goodsir was at him
with a wet cloth.
"Hickey's camp?", Francis asked.
Goodsir nodded and continued to clean his wounds.
"I thought- I didn't dare hope- that I was done with this.", Francis murmured.
James was dead again, of course, the men scattered. Francis thought of how he had sent
James away in the other time. It seemed cruel, towards James and also towards himself, when
thought about from this perspective.
No, I'm done! I will leave for Erebus, gladly! Do whatever you want, but don't believe for a
second that I still care about you!
Francis closed his eyes briefly. He could still hear James's voice so clearly, how could it be
that he was dead for days here, his corpse robbed and desecrated...
"Done with what?", Goodsir asked.
Francis shook his head to clear it. He tried to stay in the present, if only to reassure Goodsir.
"I know Lieutenant Little's nature. He will be here by day's end with a dozen armed men. We
need to be ready." Francis looked earnestly at Goodsir, but the doctor didn't meet his eyes. "I
counted eleven men total.", he continued. "What about arms? Who carries them?"
Goodsir was silent a moment, then he said: "Tozer. Benson. Armitage. Pilkington. Gibson-"
He stopped, considering. "No, no. Gibson is gone as well. I think Des Voeux has his gun
now."
A terrible feeling of foreboding gripped Francis. Still, he asked: "Gone? Do you mean he ran
off?"
"Dead, sir... and consumed.", Goodsir said.

Ah. Francis absorbed this, stone-faced. He wondered if he had heard such a thing at the
beginning of the expedition, he would've recoiled in horror. Now, it only seemed the
chillingly logical conclusion when there was no food left.
Had he not suspected? Was that not the reason he had been so angry at Hickey, because deep
down he knew what else he and the others had done to James's body, besides stealing his
boots?
"I'm sorry, sir, however unpleasant it is to hear, I must put what is going on here into words.",
Goodsir said.
Francis swallowed. "Five guns, then. You're certain?"
"We thought the creature was at the ridge to our north three days ago. Hickey ordered every
man out to face it... and I counted five."
Did Hickey think they could kill Tuunbaq with a mere five guns? Francis didn't like the idea
that Hickey should have such a plan, and he was aware that Hickey was planning something,
and it had to do with him, too.
"Well done.", Francis told Goodsir, patting his arm. "Well done."
Goodsir merely nodded, the dejected expression not leaving his face. Then he stood and
fumbled with his pouch.
"If the chance to run comes and we're not together... go southeast, yes?"
Goodsir turned back to him and held his hand up, showing Francis a golden ring. He asked
Francis to deliver it to a girl in London, and it was at that point that Francis knew that
Goodsir had given up on getting out of any of this alive.
"You will deliver it yourself-"
"I will not leave this camp, Captain. I know that."
Francis was aware that Goodsir's pessimism was more than justified, but he still tried to rouse
him: "You mustn't lose heart. I need your help, doctor."
"If ever I was a doctor, I am one no longer.", Goodsir said.
Francis felt his heart break for this man, as it did for all the men still alive, even the
mutineers. What did this place turn them into by the end of it?
"Even if God sees every last thing we do here, you have nothing to fear. You're clean,
Goodsir. Even as your hand is forced by swine."
Goodsir again shook his head slightly. "Is God here, Captain? Any God?"
Francis didn't know. Previously, he had seen the beauty of the Arctic as proof of God's
existence, as well as his cruelty.

But in this time, even God's cruelty seemed to have abandoned them. There was no biblical
justice in this, slow dying, being forced to break every rule of decency and civilisation.
"It doesn't matter.", Goodsir answered his own question. "You know, this place is beautiful to
me even now. To see it with eyes as a child's... There is wonder here, Captain."
Then Goodsir asked after Lady Silence, and at least there Francis could reassure the man.
Francis was certain that she had made it back to her people by now, the people they had so
wronged.
Francis and Goodsir looked at each other, and Francis had the sudden, eerie feeling that they
were saying goodbye.
"I'll deliver it if I can.", he said, indicating the ring. "To whom did it belong?"
But Goodsir had evidently forgotten the name. Before they could talk more of it, or Francis
could search his own memory -so many dead men... - Magnus Manson appeared in the
entrance to the tent.
"Your color is better now.", he said with a shy smile.
Francis supposed that out of the many ways one could meet the Captain one had mutinied
against, this was one of the better ones.
"Thank you, Manson."
After Manson had disappeared again, Goodsir entreated him to only eat of his feet, should he
be forced to.
Francis wanted to protest, he didn't want to make it end like this, but there was no time.
Pilkington came to take him away, and he had one last glimpse of Goodsir, turning away.
The ring burned and imprint into his fist.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hickey sat in the middle of his tent, waiting for him. Francis looked at him and wondered.
His bout of impotent rage at Hickey had abated, and now all he thought of was how he could
prevent Hickey from getting this far in the other time.
"We'll be settling down for sick nap, soon. But come and sit for a moment, Mr. Crozier.",
Hickey said. "I've been looking forward to this."
Francis was loathe to lower himself to Hickey's level, literally, but he did as he was bidden.
"Why not let Lieutenant Hodgson go back?", Francis asked. "Here's some men that could use
his leadership. Mr. Diggle, Manson, Dr. Goodsir..."
Francis trailed off, because he felt the treacherous rushing in his ears again. Goddammit, not
now! He couldn't faint away now, in front of Mr. Hickey! This was too important, and he was

loathe to think of what Hickey would do to him if he was deemed "too infirm".
Hickey gave a small smile. "Lieutenant Hodgson was the first of your officers I enlisted.", he
said. "I remember the day..."
Francis struggled to listen for what else Hickey said. He felt dizzy, and the rushing in his ears
increased.
"Well, I forgive him.", Francis forced out. "All of them, but you..."
"Do you include yourself in that forgiveness?", Hickey asked.
"I won't know until-" Francis stopped. The pull of the other time was overwhelming, and he
couldn't resist anymore.
Why did he resist, anyway? He wanted to be back with James so badly. He wanted to see
Thomas again. He needed"Are you alright, Mr. Crozier?" Hickey's voice, as if from very far away.
Francis closed his eyes, just for a moment...
~~~~~~~~~~~~
When he opened them again he was back in his berth on Terror, Thomas and Dr. McDonald
staring down on him.
Francis blinked and sat up, only to be forced back into the pillows by the doctor.
"Easy now, Captain. You experienced another fit."
"James?", Francis asked, looking around frantically. "Where is he?"
Blanky and Dr. McDonald exchanged a look.
"I will see if he is still here.", Thomas said and left before Francis could demand to know
what he was talking about.
Right, Francis thought. I told him to go away. I sent him back to Erebus.
"What a fool I've been!", Francis exclaimed.
"I'm not going to disagree with that.", Dr. McDonald said dryly. "Especially if you try to get
up again in this state."
Francis barely heard him. It all came crashing down on him, the realisiation. He couldn't keep
James out of it. It was a fool's errand. James had to be part of it, or else he could bring them
all into danger.
The stakes were to high for a dangerous variable like that. By God, in the other time his men
were eating each other!

And Goodsir, poor Goodsir...
"Dr. McDonald? Is everything alright?" There was Goodsir, decidedly less unkempt, but
definitely him, peeking his head through the door.
Francis felt tears well up at the sight of him.
"Harry...", he murmured, and Goodsir looked at him, surprised.
"You stay with him.", Dr. McDonald said to Goodsir. "I'm going to get the laudanum."
"I'm not taking any laudanum!", Francis groused, but Dr. McDonald either didn't hear or
chose to ignore him.
"Captain...", Goodsir began. "How can I help you?"
"Just stay, here.", Francis murmured.
Goodsir nodded and took his hand. Francis gave it a firm press that Goodsir returned.
"Did you see anything? While you were out?"
Francis was alarmed. "Why?"
"It's just... what you experience doesn't quite appear like epilepsy, limited though my
experience is.", Goodsir said. "And it always seems that you... witness something, perhaps,
while the fit is occurring."
"I do.", Francis breathed. "God help me, I do."
"Might it help you talk about what it is?", Goodsir asked.
Later, Francis would blame the time jumping for him immediately starting to tell Goodsir the
truth, when James hadn't been able to get it out of him for months.
Goodsir listened as Francis explained as quickly as he could. His reaction, however, was
stopped short by Thomas coming back.
"The Commander already left for Erebus. He took all his things, too."
Francis bolted upright. "I have to get him back."
"You are not going anywhere.", Goodsir said sternly.
"You get him back, then, Thomas.", Francis pleaded. "Thomas, please... I've made such a
huge mistake, but if he hasn't reached Erebus yet there might still be a chance..."
Thomas Blanky gave an almighty sigh. "I could've bloody well told you all that days ago!
And I did, if I remember correctly."
"Thomas, please.", Francis repeated.

He tried to get up again, but Goodsir pushed him firmly back on his bunk.
"And if the beast out on the ice gets me while I'm bringing you back your beloved-"
"Thomas!", Francis hissed.
Goodsir seemed harmless enough, but it was still a risk to have him know that.
"I'm sorry, Thomas, I would go myself- You know what? I am going myself! Where is my
cane?"
This time, Francis didn't let himself be pushed back onto the cot anymore, shoving away
Goodsir's reaching hands.
"Captain, please, you can't-"
"It's alright, Frank, let me go.", Thomas said. "You rest and-"
"No, I need to get him myself!" Francis stood and reached for his cane. "Really, I'm feeling
right as rain!", he told Goodsir.
The problem was, that once James was back on Erebus, it wouldn't be so easy to get him
back, especially if he had no desire to go over himself.
Francis already saw himself in front of James, Sir John in the room of course, desperately
searching for any kind of excuse to be alone with his future Second.
Thankfully, Dr. McDonald seemed to still be scarce on his way to get the laudanum, for
whatever reason.
As Francis grabbed his slops and dressed himself, Goodsir desperately started to ask him
questions. Was he feeling any dizziness? Blackness in front of the eyes? Was he unsteady on
his feet?
Francis grunted a no every time, even though he was partly lying. His stays in the other time
tended to greatly unmoor him, and he didn't feel precisely up for making the crossing
between the two ships, and there was also his leg to consider.
On deck, Thomas rejoined him, likewise wrapped in his slops.
"You don't have to-"
"Someone needs to save you from your own stupidity, Frank, so yes, I absolutely have to.
Also I seem to recall Fitzjames saying something about being the best walker in the service,
so you need someone who can catch up to him."
Since time was of the essence, Francis didn't protest further but carefully started to lower
himself down the side of Terror.

The wind was howling, bringing gales of snow with it, and Francis couldn't even see the part
of Erebus that wasn't obscured by the ice berg.
Thomas carried a lantern, but it was practically useless with all the snow.
Once on the ice, they started walking, and Francis's leg already hurt. He felt as clumsy as
newborn deer on the ice, and hoped that this insecurity would go away if he just kept
walking.
"I'm sorry, Thomas!", he yelled at his friend so he could understand. "I shouldn't have
dragged you into this!"
"That wasn't your mistake. Really, Frank, one of these days I'm going to kick your stupid,
obstinate arse!"
Then, the wind howled too loud for them to talk, and they had to focus all their attention on
walking.
Francis tried not to lose hope at the glacial pace they moved forward. Was James already on
Erebus? Were they too late?
It was barely possible to walk, but Francis refused to consider turning back while the distance
to Terror was still shorter.
The weather was not on their side, however. Francis couldn't see anything, because the wind
was blowing snow into his face, in addition to almost physically pushing him back.
"We need to find shelter!", Thomas yelled into his ear. "We can't have you falling out here in
the shale!"
Thomas was right, unfortunately. Francis was limping badly, and his leg hurt like hell.
"Back to Terror?", Francis called, resigned.
"No, the berg is closer!", Thomas returned.
At least that's what Francis thought he heard, one couldn't really understand the other in this
storm.
Francis put his entire energy into his next step, another, and another.
He couldn't think about James anymore, he only knew that if he fell, he wouldn't be getting
up.
Every time he thought he would fall, he was somehow able to go on another step. And then
Thomas dragged him into the shadow of the berg, and his back hit the solid wall of ice.
Slowly, some of Francis's vision returned, and he made out the shape of the ridge he was
leaning against, and Thomas, next to him.

Their shelter provided a respite from the wind, and now that snow wasn't blowing in his face
constantly, Francis felt a little better.
And he saw...
With a frown, he took Thomas's lantern, which miraculously hadn't gone out, and squinted
into the darkness.
Another figure was huddled against the berg, wearing a familiar pair of slops.
Francis could've wept with relief.
"James!", he called, wanting to approach him, but his leg finally gave out from under him,
and next thing he knew he was sitting arse-first on the ice.
"Francis?" James came over and crouched before him. "Good grief, what are you doing out
here?!"
"Getting you back!"
James stared at Francis in complete surprise, that even Francis could see though most of
James's face was covered.
"Good to see you, Commander.", Blanky called. "We were despairing that you had already
reached Erebus."
"The storm surprised me.", James said. "Francis, you shouldn't- not with your leg- what in the
hell were you thinking?"
"James, I'm sorry.", Francis said desperately. "I made a huge mistake, I shouldn't have lied to
you, shouldn't have sent you away... But I do love you. It's why I wanted to protect you from
the truth-"
"Frank, maybe this isn't the best venue for this.", Thomas gave to consider.
Francis took James by the shoulders and leaned close. He didn't know how much of his
words James had understood, so he said again: "I love you. And I'm going to tell you the
truth."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Before Francis could do that, though, they had to get him back to Terror.
At least James said that he would go back with them, though he seemed more than a little
confused.
After the storm had let up, Francis tried to stand, with the help of his cane. Getting upright
was the most difficult part, even with help from both Thomas and James.
In the end, he leaned on James as he walked, with Thomas carrying James's things.

It got a little brighter, and one could see the stars, distant and reliable. Francis felt bad about
leaning on James, as well as needing any help, but there was no time to complain.
"I have a feeling that Dr. McDonald is going to rip my head off when we return.", Francis
said, looking at Terror's lights coming ever so slowly closer.
"He'll have to get in line.", Thomas replied.
Francis was so overcome with guilt that he couldn't even think of an answer besides another
apology.
Somehow, they made it back to ship without Francis collapsing, though his leg gave out from
under him again after he heaved himself over the railing.
So Francis had to subject himself to the indignity of being carried back to his bunk, where a
very irate Dr. McDonald waited for him, together with a sheepish Dr. Goodsir.
As Jopson got him out of his slops, he listened to Dr. McDonald berating him, knowing he
deserved every word.
James, of course, absolutely refused to leave his side, giving no indication of his own
feelings.
Their parting had been ugly, but there was also the tenderness of all their other moments
together.
"If you don't want to take laudanum, Captain, you have to promise me that you will rest
now.", Dr. McDonald said sternly. "I will place Mr. Jopson as a guard at your side, if I have
to."
"I would do that duty.", James said before Francis could reply.
James was standing next to Francis’s head with his arms crossed, not looking at Francis at all.
Dr. McDonald was more than willing to accept James's offer, and since Francis longed to be
alone with James he didn't protest overly much.
Before he left with everyone else, Thomas clapped Francis on the shoulder and whispered to
him: "Don't muck it up!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 25: James
James Fitzjames was once again very confused.
Again, the source of that confusion was Francis.
Francis, who had run over a frozen sea in a storm with a nearly healed broken leg to get him
back, and right after some kind of seizure too.
Their fight before had been vicious, and James had been deeply hurt by Francis sending him
back to Erebus.
Somewhere along the way he had also gotten the suspicion that Francis had only told him he
loved him to distract him, not because it was true.
Then Francis had dropped off again, and James was thrown into a sea of anxiety, at the same
time hating himself for caring.
He couldn't just wait at Francis's bedside, and so he had gone to pack his things with a bitter
taste in his mouth. He had lingered longer than he needed to, waiting for confirmation that
Francis had woken up before starting to make his way over to Erebus with no word of
goodbye.
The storm had surprised him, and at first he had tried to go on regardless, his wounded pride
urging him forward, but he'd had to realise that he couldn't win a battle against nature, against
the full power of the Arctic unleashed.
The berg had been closer than either of the ships, and so he had sought shelter there.
The sight of Francis and Mr. Blanky was like a dream, and James couldn't believe it.
Believed it even less when Francis had said that he loved him, and that he would tell him the
truth. Finally.
James didn't really have a choice but to go back with them, especially with Francis in that
condition.
He decided to give Francis one last chance to explain himself. Just one, that was all he
thought he could manage. He loved Francis, yes, but that was precisely the reason he couldn't
let himself be pushed around or otherwise used by him.
James was already angry at himself for giving up his heart like that, and he almost feared the
connection he had with Francis.
Perhaps it was for the best if they were separated, perhaps that was what was needed for
James to get a handle on himself.

Francis looked absolutely exhausted, but James was done with waiting, as it seemed, was
Francis.
"Sit down, James.", Francis said with a sigh. "But before that, you can perhaps make sure that
no one is in the Great Cabin."
James did, and afterwards settled in Francis's chair.
"So?", he asked, when Francis didn't say anything.
"Give me a moment, James, these words don't come easy to me.", Francis muttered.
He looked so miserable that James longed to reach over and take his hand, but he stopped
himself.
It could be that Francis was just gearing up to lie to him again, and if that was so he didn't
deserve James's forgiveness.
"I should probably start with the fact that I can't see the future.", Francis said.
James was surprised. "But then, how do you-"
"I've lived the future, James. Two years from now, I woke up in the past. The past was here,
this."
"How is that possible?"
"I don't know. I'm just certain that I'm somehow tied to both times. These fits I have... They
aren't epilepsy. Whenever I have one, I fall back into the future. Our future, if we don't stop
it."
James digested this, thinking hard. It explained a lot of the things that had puzzled him, even
though it seemed even more fantastical than mere clairvoyance.
"I got off the whiskey, in the future. I still had my plan to die, but you made me realise that I
needed to be there for the men. You made me realise a whole lot, if I'm honest."
James didn't know what to do with the devotion in Francis's eyes. It wasn't for him, but
another version of him, one that James didn't know.
"Were we... close, in the future?", James asked. "We must have been for me to tell you about
my origins..."
"Not at first." Francis smiled ruefully. "We wasted a whole lot of time antagonizing each
other needlessly. By the time we put that aside, it was almost too late..."
"Too late for what?"
Francis closed his eyes briefly and sighed again. "It's not a future that is good, where I'm
from. I think you already surmised that."

"I did.", James said. "How bad will it be?"
Now, James did reach for Francis's hand, to prepare himself for what was to come.
"Thaw doesn't come. We wait out another winter here... And by that time we're already sick
and mad. Scurvy, lead poisoning, they all eat at us. We try to walk out, but we're too weak.
We starve and we die."
James felt as if he were child, finding out that Father Christmas didn't exist, only a million
times more horrible.
He swallowed. "I see."
"I want to stop it, James. I need to stop it.", Francis said, his eyes wet.
"We need to stop it.", James whispered. "We, Francis."
Francis seemed to overcome to speak.
"Why didn't you tell me this sooner?", James asked. "I would be happy to help you- I would-"
He stopped, considering. "How do you want to do it, precisely? How does the future need to
change?"
"Well, we need to walk out sooner, as I said, to have a fighting chance."
James felt ill suddenly, realising why Francis hadn't told him. He hoped very desperately to
be wrong.
"It's Sir John, isn't it?", James whispered. "He won't agree with your plan..."
Francis nodded, pained.
"But we can still change his mind! There is time, there is-"
"How?", Francis said. He sounded almost gentle, now. "You've been trying, James, and you
have achieved nothing. I've tried. The thing with the lead- I told Goodsir to look for it, in the
hope that Sir John would call off the expedition. He didn't."
James shook his head. "Then perhaps we need to tell him the truth, too. Perhaps then he'll
listen..."
Francis looked at James, deeply sad. "In the other time, after thaw didn't come the second
time, I proposed to Sir John that we sent out a rescue mission. Six men, no more, to get us
rescue for the next year... What followed was not only a personal attack on my person, but a
plain denial that we were in any danger."
"What did he say?", James asked, shifting anxiously in his seat.
"I won't repeat his exact words now, but I do think that you heard them all. In the other time,
as well as now."

James ran a harried hand through his hair. He did know what a low opinion Sir John had of
Francis, no matter how well he cloaked it in politeness. And he also knew how Sir John
refused to see the danger of their situation, of course he did.
"But surely, when things got worse, he realised his mistake?" James's tone was pleading.
"He didn't live to see things get worse. The beast out on the ice killed him in June of this
year. It was too late for all of us to walk out by then, or else I would've attempted it."
James fell back into his chair and closed his eyes, then he abruptly stood up. He wanted to
run, he realised. Run before Francis said what James knew he was going to say.
"Not a mutiny, isn't it, Francis?", James whispered.
"He has to die, James. He has to, for all of us to live."
There, it was out. James shook his head again, pure horror rising in him. He couldn't look at
Francis. He couldn't stay here, he couldn't"This can't be the only way! It can't be! Sir John, he's our Captain, he has always been civil,
and kind, hasn't done anything to warrant-"
James had known different Captains in his day. On one of the first ships he served, he had
been beaten nearly every day. The Captain had seen it as an educational tool, and James had
grit his teeth and bore it.
"He's sentenced us to death!", Francis said. "I know he is a good man, but his hubris will kill
us all if we don't stop him!"
"Francis-", James stuttered, having no idea how to end his sentence. "Francis, please..."
Francis continued, relentless: "It's the only way. Believe me, I tried to think of alternatives,
I've debated with myself. I may not like him, but God help me I don't want to see him dead.
Yet it has to be done."
"You- you can't know that!", James forced out. "How do you know for sure? How do you
know that this future you saw wasn't just some dream, brought on by the haze of
withdrawal?"
"It was real.", Francis said, voice brokering no argument. "So help me, it was real."
"You can't know that!", James repeated.
He was having trouble speaking quietly. He wanted to scream and cry and rage. How was any
of this fair? How could this place make such reprehensible people out of them?
"What if it wasn't real? What if we make it next year, the Passage is there for the taking?"
"The Passage.", Francis said. "The Passage is the thing that isn't real. It's folly, a pipe dream.
Nothing more."

"Of course you would say that!", James accused. "You and your goddamn melancholy, you
and your..."
James felt his voice breaking and snapped his mouth shut. He finally turned and looked at
Francis, to find him gazing earnestly at him, openly. It hurt, by God it hurt so much.
"I know for sure.", Francis whispered.
"How?!"
Francis raised a shaking hand to wipe his eyes. James followed the gesture, not knowing
what he hated more: Francis's calm or his distress.
"How?!", James demanded again.
Something in Francis seemed to break. He said: "Because I saw you die, James. You died a
slow, terrible death, and I was with you. You died in my arms, and I was with you. I believe
the mind is capable of making up all kind of spectacles, but this was real. I felt it with every
sense. Others died as well, but it was your death that destroyed me. I went on only for the
men, not for myself. You can question everything else, but not this. It was real, and it was
horrible. Your last breath was my own."
Francis broke off with a sob. James stared at him in shock. He felt the tears stream down his
cheeks, too, more out of sympathy for Francis than anything else.
This is it, he thought. This is what I feared to hear.
He was oddly numb, though there was a dull pain above his breastbone.
Another sob wracked Francis's body, and he turned away from James, facing the wall.
In a flash, James was at Francis's side. He climbed on the bed again and pulled him into his
arms.
Francis buried his face in James's chest, and after a moment it became clear to James that
Francis was listening to his heartbeat.
"I'm here.", James said, over and over again. "I'm here."
They stayed like that for a while, pressed together, each one crying out his own sorrows.
He's sentenced us to death. The words were swimming in James's mind. He sentenced you to
death.
James drew back a little, but Francis held on.
"Francis.", James whispered. "Francis-"
Slowly, the other raised his head.

"I love you.", Francis said desperately.
Finally, James realised the depth of that confession. Francis loved him, Francis had seen him
die. He would never risk this happening again. He would kill Sir John a million times if he
had to.
James would do nothing less, in his stead.
"It's not just you.", Francis murmured in a raspy voice. "You were the worst, but all the other
men... They die like dogs, and I can do nothing to stop it. They keep dying, and at this point I
don't think any will survive. Jopson, Thomas, Edward... and so many others. So many
others."
James kissed him. He could think of nothing else to do. Francis returned the kiss, tasting of
salt.
"I will kill him.", Francis whispered. "I have to."
James backed away. There was fear, so much fear in him.
"I have to think about this.", James said as he climbed off the bunk. "I can't- I can't just agree
to something like this without- I can't."
To his surprise, Francis was obliging. "I understand. It's... a lot. But I have to ask one more
thing of you."
James looked at him, wary. "Yes?"
"I trust you, but others are involved as well. I have to ask you to swear that you won't tell Sir
John any of this. Even if you hope to sway him with it. You can't say anything."
James chewed the inside of his cheek, then nodded reluctantly.
"Swear it, please."
"You need an oath from me?", James asked.
"Is there something wrong with that?"
James shook his head. "It's just that Brutus says that oaths are the tools of tyrants. That
always greatly impressed me."
Francis seemed a bit exasperated. "You are not Brutus."
"Aren't I?", James mused. "And aren't you my Cassius?"
Before Francis could answer, they heard the sound of voices and clamor from the gangway,
heading for the Great Cabin.

They looked at each other in panic, then James turned away from Francis and straightened his
clothes, for all the good it would do with both their eyes red from crying.
This was followed by a knock on the door.
"Come in.", Francis said gruffly, and Dr. McDonald entered.
The doctor had one look at them and knew that Francis hadn't been resting, and he proceeded
to admonish both him and James.
"Sir John is here.", Dr. McDonald said once he was done. "But I told him that it is imperative
that Captain Crozier rests, and that you are in no state to see him."
That seemed to suit Francis just fine. James, however, was less happy. The last thing he
wanted to do was see Sir John right now, but he supposed it had to be done.
He took a deep breath. "Alright. I'll go."
"James.", Francis said, and James turned back to him.
For a moment, their eyes met, and Francis nodded at him.
James hesitated for the barest second before nodding back.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"It appears that quite a lot has happened here today already!", Sir John exclaimed after he had
greeted James. "I heard Francis ventured out on the ice, despite his leg not being quite
healed?"
"He did.", James said. "He just wanted to prove that he could, I think."
There I am, lying for him already.
"And you also don't look so good. Whatever is the matter?"
James had the sudden urge to throw himself at Sir John's chest and weep. He used to believe
that Sir John was like the father he never had, and indeed, hadn't things seemed so much
easier before he had been sent to Terror, into Francis's world?
Yet it had been an illusion, that ease. It would have only led to his own horrible horrible
death.
And James knew it was real, as he himself was dreaming about it. Also Francis had told him
the plain truth, that much was clear.
"I... worried about Francis.", James said. "We had a fight, of sorts, about it."
"Ah. Yes, Francis can be obstinate, as I well know. On the other hand, I think anyone trapped
under deck for so long develops a certain urge for freedom."

James nodded. "I do think Francis is already well on his way of getting better. So I thought I
might return to Erebus."
James tried to keep his tone casual, but internally he was begging Sir John to say yes. He
needed to get away from here, away from Francis, or else he wouldn't be able to think
straight.
He just wanted- wanted to find a way out of this, a way without murder and mutiny.
There had to be, right?
They were still Englishmen, for God's sake, civilised!
Sir John smiled kindly. "Of course you may return. I've come to ask you if you would,
actually. Though I hope this recent fight with Francis isn't the reason."
"It's not.", James hurried to assure him. "Really, most of the time Francis and I get along
capitally."
"That's relieving to hear. Now, I'm also here because Dr. Stanley has requested the presence
of Mr. Goodsir back on Erebus. It's rather unbecoming that he spends all his time with the
Esquimaux, instead of tending to our own sick."
James thought of Goodsir's plan to work with the Netsilisk, which Francis had told him about
what seemed like ages ago. He disliked the notion of making himself so vulnerable in front of
uncivilized folk, but Francis had reminded him that they already were exactly this vulnerable,
and the Netsilisk had definitely noticed by now. And James had to admit that it was a good
idea, especially knowing what he did now.
They had both agreed to keep it all from Sir John, until they would find a way to convince
him.
Or had Francis hoped to murder their leader before he could disagree?
"Is someone sick on Erebus?", James asked.
"Some of the men have some... minor complaints, nothing too drastic. Your Le Vesconte lost
some of his toes taking observations with Lieutenant Hodgson a few days ago."
Poor Dundy. James realised suddenly how much he had missed his old friend. His regard for
Dundy seemed easy, uncomplicated compared to what he felt for Francis.
And as far as he knew, Dundy wasn't planning on murdering anyone.
"Hodgson must be eager to return to Terror, as well.", James murmured.
"He made fast friends with everyone on Erebus, but I'm sure that's true."
Sir John left James to pack his things, not knowing that James had already done so. James sat
on his bunk and closed his eyes. Francis's words were echoing inside his mind.

Your last breath was my own...
James didn't say goodbye to Francis, outwardly to leave him to rest, but really because he just
couldn't face him.
He was running away and not proud of it, yet he couldn't help himself.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This was James's second attempt to cross over to Erebus in the span of a day, and if it was
possible, it was even more miserable than the first.
Most of that was because Goodsir was plainly put out about being requested back, and the
normal good cheer of the assistant surgeon was nowhere to be found.
Add to that James's general bad mood, and one could imagine the silent misery of the
crossing.
Sir John seemed the only one not affected by the whole thing, and when the wind permitted
chatted amicably with the seamen that had accompanied him.
James found himself a few paces behind, next to Goodsir, who had been the last to join them
on deck, due to his lengthy goodbyes to the Netsilisk.
"They will leave Terror soon.", he'd said. "I might never see them again, though we asked
them to stay close."
"I'm sure if they like you half as much as you do them, they will stay nearby.", James tried to
comfort Goodsir now.
"I just would love more time to work on the dictionary I'm trying to make.", Goodsir said.
"And these people have such an interesting way of life, it really should be studied. I'm still
confounded how anyone can survive these climes all year around, without our amenities-"
As if to confirm this, a gust of wind stopped him from talking.
James clapped Goodsir on the shoulder in a show of sympathy. He also knew that Goodsir
had never gotten along with Dr. Stanley, and that things had been abysmal ever since the
conference with Sir John and Dr. McDonald.
He did wonder why Stephen wanted Goodsir back, as their dislike of each other was very
much mutual.
Perhaps he had an errand for Goodsir?
"Commander.", Goodsir began as the wind had let up. "I do need to ask you something else."
"Yes?"
"Has Captain Crozier told you... what he experiences when he has a fit?"

"He told you!?", James asked incredulously.
"About his being from the future, yes.", Goodsir confirmed.
James tried to make out Goodsir's expression, though it was a losing battle.
"You believe him?"
"I do.", Goodsir said. "Though I wished there had been more time to talk to him about it."
Would Francis have recruited Goodsir for his murder plot? He was a strange choice, James
thought, but then, he didn't know what sort of man the terrible future would make of him.
What kind of man will it make out of me?, James thought.
But really, he ought to be more worried about the present.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lieutenant Hodgson was waiting for the on deck, a bag slung over his shoulders. He greeted
everyone heartily, including James, and James found himself fighting a touch of envy.
Hodgson had definitely taken their little exchange better than he had, James thought as he
watched the other swing himself over the railing.
"I'll leave you to settle in.", Sir John said. "You will join me for dinner, later."
James nodded, and went to his cabin. Truly his cabin, again. James slowly unpacked his
things, putting them back to their familiar places.
He felt as if he was looking for something, a part of his self that he had lost. Who he'd been,
those months ago before Francis had broken his leg.
"Well, if it isn't the handsomest man in the Royal Navy...", Dundy said as he opened the door
and closed it behind him.
James gave him an affected toss of his hair in response and continued lining up his
photographs on the shelf.
Once he was done, he turned to his friend. "Sorry about your toes.", he said.
Dundy shrugged. "The perils of Her Majesty's Service. I just hope someone makes a good
publication on our observations. Sir John assured me that my sacrifice wasn't in vain."
"I'm sure it wasn't.", James said, approaching him. "I missed you."
Dundy pulled him into a hug. "Me too."
James inhaled his familiar scent and sank into him. He wanted to cry suddenly. Cry and rage
and talk to someone, for God's sake...

But he had promised Francis, even if they hadn't quite gotten to the oath.
So James kissed Dundy instead, long and deep, and crowded him against the door.
"Ah, I see how it is-", Le Vesconte got out between kisses. "That's what you mean when you
say you missed me..."
James shut him up by shoving his tongue into his mouth. He felt like a starved beast, feral
and in need of some kind of release, even if it was only this.
Luckily, Dundy didn't protest, but instead locked the door with a flick of his wrist.
"I take it Crozier didn't give you this.", Dundy panted when they had to come up for air.
James didn't want to think about Francis. Even though Francis had been the last one to touch
him like this, to have him.
"Shut up.", James ordered, diving for the other's mouth again.
Dundy was running his fingers down James's sides, trying to get under his uniform, while
James inserted his leg between Dundy's. It didn't take long for the other to grind against it.
"Fuck, James-"
"I take it that Hodgson wasn't a suitable replacement in this area.", James said. "Or anyone
else."
Dundy breathed a laugh that turned into a moan when James snaked a hand between them,
palming his growing erection.
He took James by the hair and pulled, and James gave a moan in turn, especially when
Dundy turned him around, pressed back against him and mouthed at his neck.
"Did you think about me, over on Terror?", Le Vesconte murmured.
James felt a stab of guilt, because he rarely had. He had been thinking about Francis, Francis
touching him, Francis fucking him...
"Yes.", he still breathed, trying to force Francis from his mind once more. "Yes, fuck-"
Dundy was stroking him over his clothes, all the while pressing his cock against James's arse.
"Good.", Dundy purred into his ear. "Because I did, too. I missed touching you-"
Dundy had fumbled James's trousers open and slipped his hand inside. James gasped at his
first touch on his heated flesh.
"Missed fucking you-"
"Yes-"

"Missed making you come..."
James groaned an affirmative, beyond caring that he was rutting desperately into Dundy's
hand like his life depended on it.
Yes, make me forget him, James thought. Purge his touch from me...
Dundy's lips were hot on his neck, the heat nearly sweltering. Heat was life, and safety, and
desire.
Dundy pushed him forward, towards his bunk, and James went, gladly.
He fought with the buttons of his uniform, then his waistcoat, stripping from the waist up,
while Dundy got his braces unfastened from the back of his trousers.
"Fuck, yes.", Dundy panted, squeezing the bare skin of James's arse.
James pushed back against him, until Dundy shoved him forward so he lay face down in the
sheets of his bed.
Bereft of the other's touch for a moment, James heard Dundy fumbling with his own clothes,
before he climbed on top of James.
What followed was rather undignified, but James was again, beyond caring. They were both
too impatient to open James up to be fucked properly, and so Dundy just rubbed himself
against James while he took him in hand.
James tried to focus on Dundy, his smell, his moans, different from Francis, but his position
allowed his imagination nearly free reign.
He could pretend that it was Francis panting into his ear, Francis pushing him into the
mattress, Francis's hand on his cock.
Stop it, he thought. Oh, God, stop it...
Dundy stilled above him. "James?"
Had he said that out loud?
"Didn't mean you...", James forced out. "Please, just..."
Dundy, blessedly, continued. James pressed his face into the mattress. He was really close,
and all this thinking of Francis only served to nearly push him over the edge.
Nearly, because with Francis came everything else, his future, the sheer terror of everything.
"Please...", James gasped, not knowing what he was begging for. "Oh, please..."
Dundy's hand spasmed in his hair, and the other came, James felt the sticky warmth across
his back.

He didn't stop his frigging of James's cock, but it was of no use.
As soon as he was thinking about what Francis had said, about his own death, and killing Sir
John, James felt himself grow limp.
He gave a frustrated groan and batted Dundy's hand away.
"Did you come already?", the other asked in confusion.
James shook his head and let himself fall back on the pillow.
"It doesn't seem to be working right now.", he murmured.
Dundy backed away from him and rummaged around for a handkerchief.
"Did I do something wrong?"
"Oh, no, it's not you... I'm just, a bit out of sorts with the overall situation.", James mumbled
lamely.
"You're worried if we'll make it?"
James sensed Dundy's hand on his back and between his cheeks, wiping him clean.
He decided on a bit of truth. "Yes.", was all he said.
Dundy pressed a kiss between his shoulder blades, and James longed to pull him close. It was
at his own insistence that they didn't do that, afterwards, and it had served him well.
Until Francis had somehow broken past each carefully laid down rule.
"I'm sure Sir John will lift your spirits.", Dundy said as he detached himself from James.
"I'm sure he will.", James murmured, feeling ill.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 26: The Crisis
At precisely the moment James Fitzjames stepped off Terror onto the ice, Francis Crozier felt
the rushing in his ears again.
He was lying in his cabin, trying to sleep. He was deeply exhausted, but his anxiety over
James kept him up pretty well.
As he felt the pull of the other time, Francis had barely a moment to worry what this trip into
the future so close to the other would mean, before he was lying on the ground of Hickey's
tent again.
The good news was that Hickey hadn't killed and eaten him.
The bad news was that he had a very curious glint in his eye as he helped Francis sit upright.
"What was that, Mr. Crozier?", he asked.
"Exhaustion, nothing else.", Francis said.
Hickey looked like someone who had caught the scent of blood as he stared at Francis.
"You were staring into nothing, just like Private Heather. I thought you were gone for good."
"Well, it's good for whatever plan you have that I'm not, isn't it?", Francis replied, trying for a
lighter tone.
The last thing Francis wanted was to tell Hickey the truth. He wouldn't mind it if Hickey
laughed at him, but far scarier was the idea of Hickey actually believing him.
"What happened to you?", Hickey asked.
"I don't remember.", Francis lied.
"Hm. Perhaps you have some sort of connection with it."
"With what?", Francis asked, though he already knew.
"Tuunbaq. The spirit that dresses as an animal. Yet we shot it with a cannon and drew blood.
How do you reconcile that?"
"I can't.", Francis said, not liking the faraway look in Hickey's eyes. "There is much about
this voyage that I can't reconcile."
Hickey didn't seem to hear him. "What mythology is this creature at the center of?"
"About the creature, I have no answers, Mr. Hickey. We were not meant to know of it."

Hickey looked at him again. "I don't believe that. And I believe that you know more than you
admit, Mr. Crozier."
When Francis didn't reply, Hickey continued: "I didn't have anywhere near an equal on this
expedition, but you. I wanted to thank you for that. On the eve of a what is quite an important
day."
Francis should've been greatly offended by this. The caulker's mate thinking he was an equal
to the Captain, it was laughable. But what did rank mean anymore, in this place?
No, what did offend him was the notion that his character could in any way resemble that of
Mr. Hickey, who had done such terrible things.
"You must be a surpassingly lonely man, Mr. Hickey.", Francis said.
Hickey smiled. "Not for long."
Francis did wonder if the mutiny hadn't been, and things would've continued to become more
dire, would he too have considered eating their dead?
He thought of James's last request, a request he had denied, out of what he thought was
decency, but really because it would've destroyed him.
Wouldn't it?
Hickey had eaten someone he had perhaps loved, at one time.
Maybe that made him a stronger man.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hickey had him brought to Diggle's tent and shackled.
Francis still hoped that Little would show up, and he could definitely be of more help if he
was free, so he tried to spring the lock.
Diggle, who Francis had thought was sleeping, offered to help free him, and they had a short
conversation.
Francis was gratified to know that loyalty to Hickey was waning, and he considered that
Hickey, who was so little trusting himself, didn't seem to inspire it in others, either.
Naked desperation had driven the men to follow him, and Francis knew once more that his
task was to not let matters deteriorate this far, or else they would have already lost.
He wished he could've been brought to Goodsir, for many reasons, but most of all he worried
what Goodsir was planning on his own.
Francis knew in his bones that Goodsir had said his final goodbye to him earlier.

~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis was dreaming again. It was of James's Carnivale, though not quite.
When he had been with Captain Parry on the Hecla, they had also thrown a Carnivale in the
ice, and then there had been the New Year's ball in Antarctica with the other James, and now
the three events seemed to blend together in a strange amalgamation.
He had danced with Ross, in Antarctica, him wearing a splendid dress that Francis had
known he was admiring a bit more than was proper.
In general, his admiration for James Ross had been a bit more than was proper, at all times.
It hadn't been quite like with Sophia, because Francis had never given James the chance to
reject him like she did. He kept his feelings locked away, so nice and tidy that he himself
wasn't aware of them most of the time.
The evening of the ball, though, Francis had been in love as he led James across the dance
floor.
His dance with James continued, but suddenly they were on the Hecla. Then they were in
Fitzjames's tent, and Francis looked at the man he was leading and saw that he had changed
from Ross to Fitzjames as well.
James was wearing the red velvet dress he had as Calpurnia, and he looked splendid as he
smiled down at Francis. He was also wearing a mask with roses at the borders, obscuring the
upper half of his face.
Francis felt panic. He knew how this would end, in chaos and flames and disaster, but he
couldn't open his mouth to warn James.
Francis let go of James's hand as the flames began to lick at their feet.
James didn't seem to notice, but raised his hands to remove his mask.
Suddenly, it was Sir John who was standing before him, clad in his full regalia.
Fire all around them, men screaming. James, where was James?
Francis knew he had to push Sir John into the flames, but his hands were heavy like lead all
of a sudden. He couldn't move, couldn't breathe.
And then he saw the men descend with their knives, and Sir John was screaming as they
devoured him, heedless of the fire, and James...
James was standing before Sir John. He leaned in, and for a moment as looked as if he was
going to kiss their leader.
Instead, he ripped his throat out with his teeth.

~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Easy, Captain!", Dr. McDonald said as he supported Francis, who had sat upright with a
shout. "You see, that's what happens if you overtax yourself..."
Francis took in his surroundings. He was back in his bunk on Terror, and besides the doctor,
Jopson was at his side.
It turned out that his loyal stewart had called Dr. McDonald upon finding him unresponsive.
Francis cursed inwardly. He had hoped that no one had noticed his trip to the other time.
"Where is James?", he asked.
Dr. McDonald sighed. "Commander Fitzjames went back to Erebus. For good, this time. He
didn't say goodbye because he didn't want to strain you unduly after everything, but he told
me to tell you that all is well."
"All is well?", Francis repeated.
"All is well."
Francis couldn't help himself, he started laughing hysterically.
Jopson and McDonald exchanged a worried glance, but said nothing until Francis had
composed himself again.
"I see.", Francis said, wiping his eyes. "All is well. Did Fitzjames say if he would be back
sometime to visit?"
"He made no comments in that regard, no.", McDonald replied. "But I'm sure he will return
soon. Everyone was glad to see how well you got along."
Francis nodded, trying to keep a lid on his fears. What if in one move, he had lost both James
and the plan the save them?
He needed to trust James. He would see sense, and then...
Francis saw it before his inner eye, James ripping out Sir John's throat with his teeth. He
shuddered.
By God, what have I done?
"Goodsir also went with the Commander.", Jopson said. "It seems his presence is desired on
Erebus."
"I assume you're against me going to Sickbay to talk to the Nestilisk?", Francis said to them.
"That's right.", McDonald said.
"Then ask them to come here. It's important."

"Afterwards, you will sleep. Or do I have to threaten you with the laudanum again?"
"I will sleep, doctor.", Francis confirmed. "Or I will try too, at any rate."
Right now, he doubted that he would ever sleep again, but he didn't need to tell the doctor
that.
A few minutes later, Lady Silence and her father were standing before him. The father made
a gesture at her.
"My father asks if you were injured, out on the ice.", Lady Silence said.
"No.", Francis replied. "I shouldn't have gone out with my leg still healing. I overtaxed it a
little, that's all."
"You were looking for the tall one.", she stated.
"I was. I should thank you that Tuunbaq didn't attack us."
Lady Silence gave the ghost of a smile. "Tuunbaq does whatever he wants. And he doesn't
like you."
This judgment was one of the harshest Francis had ever heard, and indeed, it might determine
all of their survival.
"How do we make Tuunbaq like us?"
"Leave.", Lady Silence said mercilessly. "You do not understand our ways, and you do not
want to learn."
"I want to learn.", Francis contradicted her. "And the others, they need to learn."
Lady Silence considered. Looked at her father, considered again.
"We would be willing to help you. If you don't attack Tuunbaq again."
Francis considered this a fair trade, but he knew others wouldn't see it that way. Sir John
wouldn't see it that way.
"I need to talk to you about Tuunbaq.", Francis said, then carefully grasped for his next
words. "There's another time. Where everything goes wrong. I've seen that time. I still see it-"
Francis didn't know if he was using the right word for time, as well as using the right tenses.
Lady Silence and her father looked suitably confused. "In that... other place, there's a man
who wants to hunt Tuunbaq.", Francis continued. "He believes that Tuunbaq will save him, if
he learns to control him."
"No one of you will ever control Tuunbaq.", Lady Silence said after a pause. "But I know of
that man's madness. It happens among our people too."
Francis was surprised. "What do you do about it?"

"We stop them from seeking out Tuunbaq. It passes, as everything does."
Wonderful. How am I supposed to stop a man who has me clad in irons?, Francis thought.
Who has guns when I have none?
"When you leave, will you stay close? In case we need your help?", Francis asked.
"If we stay close, Tuunbaq will stay close as well. My father is his shaman."
At that, Francis saw how hopeless their case in the other time really was. Goodsir had been
right, saying that they had slaughtered the creature's caregiver.
Tuunbaq would kill them all, in the other time, if Francis didn't do something. Something,
anything, to stop Hickey from seeking the creature out.
"Still, stay close, please.", Francis repeated. "If you know where we are, we will not
disappear."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"So, you want to make a present mutineer out of the future mutineer.", Thomas Blanky said.
"Control him like that. It is a good idea. Risky, but good."
"I'm glad you think so.", Francis replied.
It was the next day. Well, the word "day" was debatable in that night that never ended, but
morning bells had struck, and so it was morning.
Francis had slept, but only because he had given in and used a few drops of laudanum. It was
only the tiredness brought on by the opium that had stopped him from seeking out a glass of
whiskey to wash it all down with.
"You look terrible, Frank.", Thomas said. "I take your reconciliation with your other half
didn't go smoothly?"
"I told him the truth. Everything.", Francis muttered.
Thomas raised his eyebrows. "I see. Do you think he went to Sir John with it?"
"No, I don't think- I don't know. He was very shocked. Kept saying that there had to be
another way."
"You made it clear to him that there isn't?"
"Of course I did!"
Thomas considered for a moment, then said: "I'm sure he'll come around. You need to give
him some time. It isn't ideal, but we'll make do."
"So you don't think I should try to make the crossing again, to talk to him?"

Thomas shook his head. "Not you.", he said. "Let's leave Fitzjames in his corner for a
moment. We need to recruit others besides Hickey."
Francis tore his thoughts away from the subject of James with great difficulty.
"Little, I think will be on our side. Jopson, too."
Thomas nodded. "We need to get to the lads on Erebus, somehow. Perhaps if Fitzjames has
calmed down and joined us, he can be of help there."
Francis didn't want James to recruit people for them. He didn't want James to stain his hands
with blood. Yet he knew he was fighting a losing battle. He had to get over his protectiveness
of James's soul in order to save it and everyone else's.
They decided to call for Jopson and Little together. Francis knew that his stewart and his first
Lieutenant were getting along well, a strange bond existing between them that Francis didn't
quite understand.
He was certainly sure that Edward wouldn't be cross to be recruited with a mere stewart. As
they took their places before him, Francis absently wondered if there would be an
opportunity to give Jopson his promotion in this time as well. No one had ever deserved it
more.
"I won't mince words, not with you.", Francis began. "You know the situation of our stores.
Even you, Jopson?"
Jopson nodded hesitantly.
"Who told you?", Blanky asked.
"Edward- Lieutenant Little did, but it was in the strictest confidence and he knew I would
never repeat it."
Francis told them: "None of you is in trouble for that. It's something else that I want to
discuss, that I want to ask of you. And it won't be pleasant. If you believe that our expedition
isn't in danger, and that we can continue as we are, I advise you to leave this room now. We
will speak no more of it. Should you stay, however, I will be plain."
Edward and Jopson exchanged a look. Neither of them moved.
"Good.", Francis said. "Let's begin, then."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"We should do it at the Carnivale.", Edward said.
He and Jopson had listened to Francis, with occasional input from Thomas, silently and
without questions.
After a pause, Edward had broken the silence.

"I think so too.", Jopson agreed. "Everyone will be at least a little drunk and wrapped up in
the celebrations. We will wear costumes with some of our faces obscured. We can easily
overwhelm him and make it look like he just slipped on the ice."
"And we have enough time to prepare.", Edward gave to consider.
"So you would... help?", Francis asked, taken aback by their casual loyalty.
Jopson and Little looked at each other again, then both nodded equally curtly.
"The Carnivale is a good idea.", Blanky said. "But of course, the unpredictability of it could
also work to our detriment."
Francis thought of his dream, of dancing with both Jameses and the following violence.
Perhaps it was meant to happen at Carnivale. Another violent end to what was supposed to be
a celebration.
"I think we should try poison first.", Francis said. "It would be good to have a doctor on
Erebus on our side, but that doesn't seem likely."
"I think Dr. Goodsir would help, sir.", Edward said, to Francis's great surprise. "He already
proved what was wrong with the lead. He is very principled, but he has already shown he is
willing to kill when it comes to the greater good of the crew."
"That was a monkey, Edward. I think killing a man is quite a significant step up from that.",
Jopson told him.
"Be that as it may, Dr. Goodsir is back on Erebus, now. We would have to think of a pretext
to visit him.", Blanky said.
"And we will have to do the same with Commander Fitzjames."
Francis winced internally at Edward's words.
"Isn't he already in on it?", Jopson asked.
"Let us worry about the Commander.", Blanky said. "We hope him to be on our side soon."
There was a knock on the door. After they had exchanged significant looks, Francis called an
admission to enter.
It was Lieutenant Hodgson, reporting back from Erebus.
"At the doctor's instructions, I waited until you had rested, Captain.", he said.
"It's alright. We were just done here."
Blanky, Little and Jopson left the cabin, though Jopson said he would be back with tea
momentarily.

It was really remarkable how they acted as if nothing happened, Francis thought.
He then regarded Lieutenant Hodgson. He still remembered Hickey saying: He was the first
of your officers I enlisted.
While it was true that Francis forgave him for that, as he was sure Hodgson had acted out of
desperation and not malice, he was still more wary of him on the whole.
Francis didn't know Hodgson half as well as he did Irving and Little, and he thought it would
be too risky to enlist him now.
Francis was also aware that Hodgson had served on the Cornwallis together with James and
Le Vesconte over on Erebus, so perhaps James would be able to discern Hodgson's loyalties
better than him.
"How was your time on Erebus?", Francis asked Hodgson, who smiled.
"It went very well, sir. The men over there are no less kind than the ones here, and it was
good to see Dundy- that is, Lieutenant Le Vesconte again. He, in turn, missed Commander
Fitzjames, so I hoped to distract him a little."
Francis nodded. He knew Le Vesconte even less than Hodgson, and he supposed he needed
James's assistance in that area as well.
"How was Sir John?"
"Very well, sir. His sermons were wonderful, though I'm told there have been some changes
on Terror in that regard?"
"I do my best to hold sermons as well, now.", Francis said.
"Wonderful. I look forward to your next one!"
After Hodgson had told Francis more about the mood on Erebus -unfortunately Sir John was
as much adored there as ever- Francis dismissed him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cornelius Hickey was standing before him, and he was in a good mood. Francis felt alarmed
about that, which wasn't surprising, given their history.
In the last days, Francis had waited for the story of the tins to spread like wildfire throughout
Terror, but it hadn't. Francis honestly didn't know whether to be relieved or dismayed at this
development.
It was obvious that Hickey wanted to advance to the second round in this game they played,
and Francis only hoped he could maintain the upper hand.
"You have your ear on the ground when it comes to the men, have you not?", he asked
Hickey.

"I share the every day toils with most of them.", the caulker's mate replied. "I don't think I'm
more influential than the average Able Seaman."
"I think you're too modest, Mr. Hickey. I know that should you want a certain opinion of, for
example, me to prevail, you would have the means to make it so."
Hickey blinked, the beginnings of a smile forming on his face. "I thank you for thinking so
much of me, Captain."
"I didn't mean it as a compliment."
Hickey wasn't stung by this, in fact, he seemed even more proud.
"I am satisfied with your conduct, though.", Francis allowed. "You did as I asked, and kept
the terrible knowledge to yourself."
"Well, the last thing we need is a panic.", Hickey said.
Unless you could use the panic to your advantage, Francis thought.
"And I have to admit, I'm curious of what you could possibly need my help for.", Hickey
continued.
"You haven't figured it out by now?"
Hickey smiled again. "I thought it best not to speculate."
"I made a vow, Mr. Hickey, to bring you and every other man home safely. There are other
vows, but none are more important than this one. And to keep it, I have to do something
reprehensible..."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Of course Sir John noticed that something was wrong, because even James wasn't that
consummate an actor.
"I wish I could somehow ease your worries, James.", Sir John said at dinner after James's
embarrassing entanglement with Dundy. "I'm quite certain that God will see us through this
unscathed. Or at least, as unscathed as it is possible in these latitudes. I'm sure you're still
grieving Graham's death, as we all do."
"I am.", James replied.
It wasn't even a lie. James grieved for the cheerful friend Graham had been, the senselessness
of that death.
But that wasn't why James sat rigid, conscious of every single one of his movements, and
them all feeling somehow wrong. It wasn't why James didn't take the opportunity to tell some
kind of story of his exploits, even though Sir John's silence clearly invited him to.

Sir John leaned forward in confidence. "My dear James, you can tell me honestly if you miss
Terror. I won't think any less of you, in fact, this means I can pat myself on the back for a job
well done, as well as you."
James decided to pull himself together. "I do miss Terror.", he said with a self-deprecating
smile.
"And I dare say Francis in particular, hm?"
It took all of James's self-control not to flinch bodily at this.
"I'm glad you get along better now, truly.", Sir John said. "Dear Francis can make an effort, as
one could see with the whole sorry business with Sophia. I knew that all you needed was a
little time to get to know one another, hm?"
This time, James did flinch, though he covered it up by shifting in his chair.
Dear Francis is planning to kill you, and he wants me to help him, James almost said.
James knew he was the worst kind of fraud, that he already made himself culpable by staying
silent. He should tell Sir John, tell him right now and let justice take its course.
Justice, he thought with an internal scoff. As if such a thing existed out here.
"Francis and I became fast friends.", James said, aiming for an easy, careless tone. "He
doesn't drink anymore, you know."
"I had heard." Sir John dabbed his mouth with his napkin. "Now, James, tell me of your time
on Terror. I'm greatly curious how you spend it, outside of visiting me."
Somehow, James managed to tell a halfway engaging story of his exploits, though he left out
so many details, as well as straight up invented some others, that he felt as if he was
recounting a dream rather than reality.
There was no mention of sodomy, neither Hickey's nor his own, or Francis seeing the future,
or the crushing doubts about the expedition that James experienced along with his
nightmares.
Over time, James fell into a familiar rhythm with his story, like he had with countless other
pretty lies.
Sir John was none the wiser, but then he would never see me for what I am and still respect
me, James thought.
Francis, on the other hand...
James stopped that thought before it could come to its painful conclusion.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

James spent the next days sleep walking through his duties. It was for him as if he observed
himself from a great distance. He was laughing and talking and going about his business, and
nobody noticed anything wrong, meanwhile the real him was in a corner somewhere losing
his mind.
James knew these states, they always happened to him when he was under some sort of strain
to keep up his false identity. Well, more strain than usual.
He could've kept this up for weeks, never really thinking about the underlying problem, every
part of him busy keeping up appearances, and none the wiser.
Almost none. Harry Goodsir was a very observant man, and he had also heard part of the
truth from Francis.
Whenever James saw the young assistant surgeon, Goodsir looked worriedly at him, asking
him privately if everything was alright.
James replied what he replied to everyone else: "All is well."
That Goodsir didn't believe him was rather obvious, and so James took pains to avoid him.
He avoided Dundy, as well, which consequently meant he was spending almost all of his time
at Sir John's side, the prized pet poodle once more.
Often they sat together, James with a book he wasn't really reading, while Sir John worked on
his next sermon.
James didn't know what his endgame was, only that he needed to survive the next day, and
keep away from Francis. Perhaps he had the childish notion that pretending the mutiny didn't
exist would make it go away, put everything back to rights.
At night, he dreamt of dying. Not the actual death itself, but the pain and suffering leading up
to it. James had never had scurvy at this point, yet it hardly mattered when he dreamed he had
it every night.
He was begging Francis for death, bleeding out of his wounds and losing his teeth.
And Francis, who never left his side in these dreams, refused to end his suffering.
"It's not real.", he would say over and over again. "It's not real..."
James didn't know what was real anymore. His nightmares felt more real than what he did in
his waking hours. And he knew that they had happened, or would happen, or rather a
combination of the two.
He tried not to think of Francis. In fact, he tried to forget Francis entirely, something he had
never been particularly good at. Still, during the day he somehow managed it.
His sleeping mind, however had no compuctions imagining Francis. His desperate words,
replaying over and over.

He sentenced us to death...
It's the only way. Believe me, I tried to think of alternatives, I've debated with myself. I may
not like him, but God help me I don't want to see him dead. Yet it has to be done.
It took an enormous amount of effort for James to keep functioning, but he also lacked the
strength to break the pattern. He knew Francis was waiting for him on Terror, waiting for him
to come around. He would wait forever at this rate, and part of James hoped Francis would
attempt to see him instead. He also feared it, though.
One evening, there was a visitor from Terror, but it wasn't Francis.
James was sitting in the wardroom with Sir John, pretending to read as usual, when
Lieutenant John Irving knocked on the door.
"Come to visit a friend or make a report, Lieutenant Irving?", Sir John asked him.
Irving had a deep frown on his face that deepened further when he looked at James.
"Could we perhaps discuss this in private, Captain?", he said.
Behind his mask, James felt a prick of unease. Out loud, he said: "Now, now, Irving, haven't
we become capital friends during my time on Terror? You can share anything you want with
me as well."
Irving visibly squirmed. "Of course, Commander, it's just-" Irving stopped, lost for words.
"Does the matter concern you privately, perhaps?", Sir John asked gently.
"N- No, not me, exactly."
"Well, then feel free to say whatever you want in front of Commander Fitzjames, as well! I
trust him with my life, and indeed, anything concerning the expedition concerns him, too."
James nodded and smiled encouragingly at the blushing and stuttering Lieutenant Irving.
"Well, there is- there is a matter, sir.", Irving said, straightening. "I don't mean to- to accuse
anyone of misconduct, but I've become aware of a certain... story, circulating among Terror's
crew."
Had Francis been careless? Were there already rumors about the mutiny on Terror?
James knew he ought to panic, but through his daze he watched himself calmly urging Irving
to continue.
"What story?", Sir John, too asked.
Irving looked at James again, then stared at the floor.
Further, did Francis implicate me in some kind of way?, James thought.

Even the notion of that didn't alarm him as it should, so numb did he feel from the last days.
"A crew member came to me, concern on his mind.", Irving continued with effort. "And so I
was told that... that apparently Captain Crozier has been engaging in sodomy, together with
Commander Fitzjames."
This was a different kind of nightmare, made reality before James's eyes. He felt like the
floor had been swiped out from under him, and he was glad that he was sitting down, at least.
For his part, Irving looked like he longed to be swallowed up by the earth right now, and Sir
John... Sir John's eyebrows had climbed to his hairline.
"Do you mean to accuse me of- of-"
James couldn't say the word. Thankfully, Irving spoke again: "No! Of course not, but, after
hearing such a story, I thought it best to inform you..."
"But you believe this story?", Sir John asked mildly.
Irving floundered. "It was... was most convincing.", he said. "Of course, I would never have
thought that my Captain- or even you, Commander-"
"Who told you this story, Lieutenant?", James demanded, barely keeping his voice steady.
Irving was red as a cherry, and at least James could've taken some comfort in his discomfort,
had he not been too busy trying not to have a panic attack.
"It was Cornelius Hickey, the caulker's mate."
James took a deep breath. Time to make a scene to save his own - and Francis's- hide.
"You mean you're condemning me and Captain Crozier on the word of a mere caulker's mate,
someone who already has a past of insubordination, not to mention-"
No, not wise. James would've loved to mention Hickey's own sodomy, but something stayed
him. He wouldn't stoop so low, besides, Hickey was capable of much in the manner of
revenge, as Francis had told James.
"Apparently, he overheard a conversation between you.", Irving pressed out. "Where you,
Commander, made a comment of the past sodomy between you and the Captain."
"What kind of comment?", Sir John asked.
He looked angry, but James couldn't know if it was on his behalf or because he believed
Irving.
"I-I couldn't repeat it in this company, sir."
James remembered the fight he'd had with Francis when he had sent him away, and he also
remembered saying something about Francis sucking his prick far too loudly.

Technically not sodomy, but who cared at this point?
It stood to reason that Hickey had been listening at the door for that one.
"I see.", Sir John said.
"There was no malice in Hickey's reporting, sir.", Irving hurried to assure them. "Or else I
wouldn't have credited it. He was merely concerned, and disturbed by what he heard. As
anyone would be."
James opened his mouth to say something, but snapped it shut when Sir John held up a hand.
"Well, I thank you for coming to me with this, though it appears you have been the victim of
a most gross miscommunication.", Sir John said. "I don't doubt that Mr. Hickey thought he
heard something damning, but that doesn't mean that Captain Crozier and Commander
Fitzjames did any of the things you would charge them with."
James didn't dare feel relieved yet.
"But how-", Irving began.
"What Hickey heard was merely a misunderstanding, I'm sure. Crude sailor's talk,
misconstrued to such a serious accusation. I dare say it surprised the caulker's mate that a
Captain and a Commander sometimes talk as if they were simple ABs in private. And really,
James, I know you went to sea at age twelve, but do try to remain civilised in your
conversation, even if Francis inspires you to vulgarities."
There was a pause, where James waited for relief to hit him, but it didn't come.
"Of course, sir.", he said, ever the eager pet poodle.
Irving, however, looked greatly relieved. "I hadn't thought of that explanation, Captain.", he
said. "But of course that is what must've happened! Commander Fitzjames, I'm greatly sorry
to have inconvenienced you with this, I hope you're not angry with me, I was acting out of
Christian concern for everyone's wellbeing."
"You're forgiven.", James told him. "Though I don't appreciate being accused of such filth by
any man."
The word, "filth", slipped from his lips so naturally, more easily than "sodomy" would have.
"No one would, sir.", Irving agreed tremulously.
"I do believe that no one is at fault for this,", Sir John interjected. "But please make sure that
Mr. Hickey doesn't spread this story around the ship. Should he do so, he must be punished."
"Naturally."
Sir John looked at James with a benevolent expression, and the affection in it made James
want to vomit.

"Now that that's settled, Mr. Irving, why don't you tell us what other news there are on
Terror? Is the ice temperate?"
"No danger of crushing us yet.", Irving replied.
"Would you excuse me for a moment? I have to use the privy.", James said, willing his legs
be steady as he rose.
He only dimly registered Sir John's nod, then he was fleeing to his cabin. The door slammed
shut behind him and he sank to his knees, the fear crashing down on him.
It was a moment of blind panic before he could convince himself to focus on his breathing,
heavy and fast, and try to slow it.
He hadn't been feeling his emotions properly for days, and now it all came to bear down upon
him, the terror and the guilt, so strong that he could hardly think.
James leaned back against the door, attempting to focus on the wood at his back, solid
underneath him.
His ship, his beautiful ship. It would never sail again.
James closed his eyes and finally, he wasn't just gasping in air, but actually breathing.
He sat there as long as he dared, afterwards he rose, practiced his smile in the mirror, and
went back to Sir John, feeling hollow, like a Russian nesting doll.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The next day, there was another visitor from Terror. James wasn't with Sir John when he
found out, but on deck, comiserating with John Morfin on watch.
They had been part of the fateful hunting party together, after all.
James was still putting on his act, playing the assured Commander in total control of himself.
The ice, the dark and the cold were pressing down on his senses, but at the same time he
liked to go out on deck and watch the storms, the Northern lights, the never changing ice.
It got him away from Sir John, which was the main thing.
"Man approaching the ship!", Morfin's partner on watch called.
"From Terror?", James called back, now ever aware of the presence of the Netsilisk people in
this region.
Though he doubted that in this cold, any of them would be stupid enough to venture out on
the ice.
It must be one of ours, James thought.

Minutes later, Thomas Blanky heaved himself over the railing.
"Ah, Mr. Blanky!", James greeted him amicably. "Here to confer with Mr. Reid?"
"Here to see you, actually.", the Ice Master replied.
James immediately felt his stomach drop. Thomas had to know the truth as well as he, and
James wasn't ready for whatever stern wisdom Blanky wanted to bestow on him.
"Why?", he demanded, aware of the curious Morfin next to him.
Thomas threw an arm around his shoulder, causing James to jerk. "Surely you're joking,
Fitzjames, old friend! You need to tell me all the ship's gossip, right now!"
James couldn't do anything but let himself be pushed below decks by the ebullient Blanky.
"Your cabin?", the Ice Master asked.
James was silent a moment, then relented. "Just through there. I'll ring Bridgens for tea-"
"No need, Commander.", Blanky said. "Come on."
James drew his undressing out as long as he could, but he knew he was fighting a losing
battle.
Thomas, for his part, undressed himself and waited patiently until James was sitting across
from him in just his uniform.
James felt very tired, all of a sudden.
He sighed. "What do you want from me, Mr. Blanky?"
"For you to get over yourself.", Thomas replied. "We haven't the time for whatever moping
act you have going on here."
James stared at the other, dumbfounded. "Excuse me?"
"Look, I know it's difficult for you.", Thomas continued in a gentler tone. "You're close to the
old chief, and what we're planning goes against every ship's rule and regulation ever put
down. I understand, believe me. But this is about our very survival. All of our survival,
including yours."
James, gasping his last breath.
Give my body to the men. Feed them.
James shook his head to clear it. "I know. Believe me, Francis made that abundantly clear."
"Then what keeps you here, Commander?", Thomas asked. "You know the reality of our
situation, what's at stake. Why do you hesitate?"

"Because it's monstrous!", James hissed. "It's monstrous and it's wrong, and frankly I-" He
stopped. "If you need me for your horrid plot so badly, why are you here and not Francis?"
"Oh, I've had to stop him from coming over here multiple times by now. Thought he would
only upset you."
"You thought right.", James grit out.
"You know what I think your problem is?"
"I'm sure you're about to tell me."
Blanky patted his arm. "You're thinking too much with your feelings instead of yer mind. It's
all mushed up in you together in one big soup, and it's not helping you see things clearly."
James was stunned. "Are you saying... that I'm hysterical?"
"I'm saying that yer need to look at the cold, hard facts instead of what they morally mean.",
Thomas said. "Fact: thaw won't come next year, or the year after that. Fact: If we don't
abandon the ships, we will starve or freeze to death, depending on which supplies run out
first. Fact: Sir John won't condone this course of action or see reason."
Each time Blanky said "fact", James flinched a little.
"But Francis-"
"Francis is doing this because of those facts, whatever other reasons he may have. You
shouldn't help us because you love Francis, though I'm sure you do, but because it will save
us all."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 27: Francis
It was true that Thomas had been the one keeping Francis from visiting James, as well as
been the one to keep him halfway sane over the last days.
Not trips to the other time, at least.
In their place, nightmares about James telling Sir John everything, of Edward and Jopson and
Thomas hanged before his very eyes.
He tried to project an outward front of confidence, even more necessary now that he was not
only the Captain of the Terror, but leader of a mutiny against Sir John Franklin.
Wonder of all wonders, Hickey had agreed to help him. He hadn't seemed greatly shocked at
Francis's plan, and a little confused at the flowery language Francis had cloaked his
intentions in.
Francis wasn't a fool; he still wanted plausible deniability, especially in front of Hickey.
When he had asked Hickey why he agreed to help him, feeling like Cassius asking every
potential assassin of their grievance against Caesar, Hickey had simply said: "I don't want to
die."
That was as good a reason as any, Francis supposed.
"I have to ask you to keep all this to yourself for now. Test the mood among the crew, but
don't take anyone into your confidence.", Francis had said. "Even Mr. Gibson."
Hickey raised an eyebrow. "Billy would make an excellent mutineer, sir.", he replied in an
infuriatingly smug way.
"Be that as it may. No telling him yet."
"I don't want to hang for this back in England, either.", Hickey said. "And I certainly won't
take the fall for you."
"I'm not asking you to. We will make it look like an accident, and no one will be the wiser.
Should anything go wrong, I will protect you."
Hickwy eyed him. "Why?"
Always so suspicious!
"Because it's my responsibility, as your Captain and the leader of this... affair."
"You mean mutiny, sir."

Francis sighed. "Be careful with that word, Mr. Hickey. I don't want to hear it from you again,
no matter what the truth is."
"As you wish."
"If everything goes according to plan, you won't have to do anything at all.", Francis
continued. "Should anyone ever ask you, you can claim complete ignorance. Is that enough
for you?"
Hickey thought for a moment. "It is, Captain. Though it seems a waste not to use me for
anything, now that you've recruited me."
Francis thought with a shiver of Lieutenant Irving's mutilated corpse. Should push come to
shove, Hickey would come in handy...
"Keep yourself ready, Mr. Hickey."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After careful consideration, Francis had decided to speak to Dr. McDonald alone. He was
familiar by now with the nervousness and the unease that accompanied these talks of
recruitment, for he could never know for sure if he was not making a dreadful mistake.
He found the doctor not in Sickbay, but in his quarters, reading.
"What can I do for you, Captain?", McDonald asked, putting his book down.
"I need your help.", Francis said. "In a very delicate matter."
The doctor nodded, probably used to hearing openings like that.
"You must know the direness of our situation.", Francis continued in a hushed tone, despite
the closed door.
McDonald nodded again. "It's imperative that Sir John changes his mind... I do worry what
we'll do if he doesn't, but the Commander assured me that his efforts wouldn't be in vain."
Francis winced internally. Poor James.
"When did he say that to you?"
"A number of weeks ago, now.", Dr. McDonald said. "I must admit, my unease is growing."
"Then I will be plain with you.", Francis replied. "You already know my position in this. You
know my plans to get us out of this. And I'm telling you now that I will carry out that plan,
and I will let nothing and no one stop me."
McDonald was silent a moment, and Francis was sure he had understood the meaning behind
his words.

"I see.", the doctor murmured. "Do you have... ideas already, on how we could overcome the
obstacles?"
"A great many. And for one of them, I need your help."
"You want to commit murder.", Dr. McDonald said. "Don't you?"
Francis didn't shrink from his gaze. "One life, to save all of us. And there is no other way,
believe me."
The doctor's next objection surprised Francis. "I do worry about you on a long walk, with
your epilepsy. I don't mean to be harsh, but you have to make sure that a good command
structure is in place, should you die."
Francis hadn't thought about that at all, but he could reassure the other: "Lieutenant Little will
replace me should anything happen to me, and he has my complete trust."
"And what about Commander Fitzjames? Does he know of your plan?"
"He does.", Francis said curtly.
Why did it always come down to James? Francis wished he had gone and seen him,
regardless of what Thomas said. He hated himself for it, but it didn't sit well with him that
James was alone with only his doubts and Sir John.
What if he decided to stand by their leader, no matter what?
Over the next minutes, Dr. McDonald laid out his idea, should they go with poisoning.
"We need to know his eating habits above all. Especially the, as I have heard, rare occasions
he drinks alcohol."
"Why?"
"Because most poisons taste terrible, and he is sure to notice them in his food. Alcohol will
mask most substances better." McDonald considered. "We have to go over to Erebus and
speak to Dr. Stanley. Perhaps Sir John takes laudanum or mandragora to sleep, and we can
somehow give him an overdose."
Of course, Dr. McDonald didn't suggest recruiting Stanley, but he did say that perhaps it
would suffice to speak to Goodsir about what he knew, back as he was on Erebus.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis was getting ready to cross over to Erebus. He still needed the cane, but was overall
more sure on his feet now. Dr. McDonald would go with him this time, as opposed to
Thomas.
As it was, Thomas was nowhere to be found.

He should've put two and two together at that point, for all Thomas had said that Francis
wasn't to visit James, Thomas had made no such rules for himself.
Just as Francis was about to go out the door, Thomas arrived, still wrapped in his slops and
with a lantern.
"I brought Fitzjames.", he said before Francis could ask him what was going on.
Francis felt all the air punched out of his lungs. "James...", he murmured.
"Now, now, none of that.", Thomas admonished him. "It's touch and go, with him, and you
getting emotional will not entice him to our side. Keep yerself together, Frank, for the sake of
everyone."
Francis nodded, and Thomas opened the door.
The first one to enter the room was Neptune, not James, the dog cheerfully plodding ahead of
the Commander of Erebus.
When Neptune jumped up Francis's leg, Francis mechanically petted him, his face trained on
the man behind the dog.
James looked radiant as ever, his cheeks red from cold, a few errant snowflakes rapidly
melting in his hair.
For some reason, Francis was reminded of the time he a struck James in the other reality.
That meeting had begun in a similar way.
"James.", he said, trying for a sober tone.
"Francis.", James returned, voice betraying nothing.
Francis stepped closer, causing James to make an abrupt step back.
"Why do you shrink from me?" Francis didn't disguise the hurt in his voice.
It was as if he really had struck him, in this time as well.
James pressed his lips together. "I'm sorry.", he said. "I'm just not- there is a great deal to
consider."
Francis nodded, making another attempt to step closer to James. This time, he didn't recoil.
Carefully, as if approaching a skittish horse, Francis put both hands on James's shoulders. He
was already wearing his gloves, and he could only divine James's shoulders underneath all
his layers, yet the intimacy of the touch still unfloored him.
He thought about how he had cried in James's arms again, how James had said: "I'm here."

Francis was beginning to think that James's death in the other reality had hurt him somehow
permanently beyond the obvious, had put a wound in him that no one could see.
He couldn't talk about the whole thing without crying, without fearing that it would happen
again it he put it into words.
James's presence healed him, but only in the moment; once he was alone, the fear came back.
"I've missed you, James.", he choked out.
Surprise of surprises, James smiled. It was sad, regretful, but still a smile.
"Oh, Francis.", he said. "Whatever is happening to us?"
Francis tried to project confidence, though his answer was: "I wish I knew."
James leaned forward a fraction. "I will help you. God will damn me, but I will help you."
Francis stared at him, speechless. "James-"
"And you will need me, I reckon. You need someone he trusts, don't you? Someone who can
lure him into death."
Francis had no idea what to say. A "thank you" didn't seem appropriate, same as another love
confession.
"I'm sorry.", was what he settled on. "I'm so sorry, James."
For a moment, James looked angry, like he was going to lash out at Francis, but then his
expression softened.
"I know.", he said.
Francis wished to say more, wished to apologise again, but the other's expression stayed him.
So instead, Francis told him of their plan.
"I will accompany you.", James said simply, and they went, meeting Dr. McDonald on deck.
It was James who carried the bottle whiskey Jopson had picked out, wrapped in several cloths
to keep it from breaking.
This time, there was no storm, though the crossing was still hard on his leg. He was
hopelessly dependant on the lantern James was holding -Dr. McDonald was carrying a few
medical supplies.
Poisons, to use another word.
They had just made it past the berg, when Francis became conscious of a sound he had until
then attributed to to the howling winds.

"Do you hear that?", he asked James.
James stopped and listened. "Yes. It's not the wind, isn't it?"
"It sounds... like an animal.", Dr. McDonald said.
There was a pause as they all realised the reality of their situation.
Francis remembered Lady Silence, telling him that no one controlled Tuunbaq.
"We need to hurry.", James said as he started to walk. "Erebus is our best bet."
Francis looked ahead at Erebus's lights. They still seemed horribly far away, and his leg
already hurt.
"Go ahead.", he told the doctor and James. "I'll follow..."
"No, we're staying together.", James said, and McDonald nodded. "We go as fast as you can,
Francis."
It wasn't fast enough, that much Francis knew. The howling sounds of the beast got closer
and closer, and still Erebus was only seen in the distance.
They would hardly be safe on deck, as well, as Francis remembered.
He was leaning heavily on his cane and was in danger of stumbling for all he needed to drag
his leg.
Then the ice was moving under his feet, vibrating from the beast's footfalls, and Francis did
fall.
James was at his side in a flash, helping him up.
"We'll not make it.", Francis gasped.
"Shut up and run!", was James's reply.
Francis tried, he did, but even the most lenient of people would be able to describe the
hobbling he was doing as "running."
He also worried about the strain he put on Mr. Honey's cane, fearing it might break -the thing
had withstood so much already, really Mr. Honey was an excellent carpenter.
There was howling directly behind them, now.
Francis was caught by the urge to turn around, meet his end head on, but James pushed him
farther forward and he had to make sure not to fall again.
Dr. McDonald screamed, and there was a horrible tearing noise.
The next moment, both Francis and James stumbled and crashed onto the ice.

None of them had brought any weapons, not that they were at all useful against the creature.
Dr. McDonald was still screaming, and Francis made a move to get up and turn around, help
the man who would've helped him without question, but before he could do anything, the was
a bone splitting crack and the doctor fell silent.
On his way to scramble to his feet, Francis slipped again and fell to the ground. James was
standing again, that Francis could discern even though the lantern had gone out.
"Run!", Francis gave back the command. "For God's sake, James, run!"
James didn't run. He bent down and shielded Francis's body with his own.
They were going to die here, out on the ice. Everything was going too fast for Francis to feel
any real fear. He wanted James to run, but his future Second clearly had no intention of doing
so.
"James!", he yelled, trying to push the other away. "James-"
At this point, Tuunbaq ought to have gotten to them. Why wasn't it attacking? Francis could
hear the sounds the creature made, so it was still there, but it wasn't roaring anymore.
Francis closed his eyes and waited, until he sensed James detaching himself from him.
"Francis, look.", he said.
Francis turned around at last. In the beginning, he saw nothing but darkness because James
was blocking him, but then the stars allowed him to make out another figure standing before
them.
It was the father of Lady Silence, directly between them and the beast.
Tuunbaq himself was just a shadow gleaming white. He was silent compared to before,
though Francis could hear his exhalations.
He didn't know what the Netsilisk man and the creature communicated among each other, but
it still took quite a while for Tuunbaq to stand down.
James helped Francis to his feet in the mean time, and when he made to detach himself from
Francis, Francis held on, grabbing his mittened hand.
Finally, finally, Tuunbaq gave a mighty roar, before turning around and disappearing in the
darkness.
"Thank you.", Francis said to the Netsilisk man.
He couldn't make his face out, but believed he saw him nod.
Lady Silence, who had been standing to the side, came closer. On her approach, she went
carefully around the bleeding corpse of Dr. McDonald.

In the Arctic night, one could only see a twisted dark shape on the ice, but it was enough for
Francis to feel grief like a punch in the gut.
Another good man, gone.
Lady Silence was yelling at her father. Even if Francis had not understood her, her tone was
one of universal worry and reproach.
"Do not put yourself in danger for these people!", he heard her say, among other such
pronouncements.
"Ask her what they are doing here.", James said to him.
"Saving us, obviously.", Francis replied.
"But how did they know we were in danger? And couldn't they have come sooner, before it
killed Dr. McDonald?"
James sounded lost and confused, which blunted the anger in his tone.
Francis shook his head, sensing that it was better give Lady Silence her space, for now.
Instead, he approached the body of Dr. McDonald. His old friend, to whom he owed so
much.
"We can't carry him back, with your leg and everything.", James said, having followed him.
"We need to send someone back-"
Carefully, Francis lowered himself onto his knees next to McDonald's head. The doctor's eyes
were open, his mouth gaping in one perpetual scream. James was silent as Francis closed his
eyes and murmured a prayer.
"I'm sorry for him.", Lady Silence said behind them. "He was a good man. We were too late."
Francis looked up at her, the fur of her hood shining in the starlight. "Thank you, still.", he
replied.
"What is she saying?", James asked.
Lady Silence gestured to James. "Your tall one ought to learn our tongue. He is very
curious."
"That he is."
"Francis, what is she-"
Lady Silence's father stepped up beside her and held out his hand towards them. When James
stayed frozen to the spot, Francis laboriously got to his feet.
He reached for the shaman's hand, thinking he wanted to shake it, perhaps, but instead the
man pressed something hard into Francis's mittened palm.

Francis closed his fingers around it as best he could. "Thank you.", he said again, puzzled.
"We will leave now.", Lady Silence said.
"I wish you the best.", Francis replied, because it was the least he could do.
The Netsilisk man took his daughter's hand, and they turned away. Despite the cold, despite
the body at his feet, Francis stood still, watching them vanish into the darkness.
He turned to James, wishing once more that he could see his face clearly.
"Are you unhurt?"
"I'm fine.", James said. "Even the whiskey stayed intact, you'll be pleased to know."
Francis had no words for what he really wanted to say, and he suspected James didn't either.
It was clear that it was useless to gather Dr. McDonald's medical supplies; there were a bunch
of broken bottles, strewn all over the shale.
"We continue in our plan.", Francis said, though it made him feel sick. "And we'll tell Sir
John nothing of the Netsilisk saving us. We escaped due to luck, nothing else."
"Francis-"
Francis didn't know if James was beginning to make an objection or an entreaty, as it was, he
interrupted him: "We can't have his death be for nothing, James. We can't turn back."
James was silent a moment. There was nothing but the Arctic night, surrounding them.
"Alright.", James said at last. "But how are we going to poison him without the medical
supplies?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 28: A Doctor's Lament
Harry Goodsir had not thought that this journey would be like this.
Over the last years, he had had an uncomfortable number of realisiations about his situation,
as well as that of the entire crew.
Worst out of all of these was doubtlessly the truth about their canned provisions, but there
had been other examples.
It had started all so promisingly when they left Greenhithe. His only worry back then had
been his tempestuous relationship with Dr. Stanley, a problem that had persisted all the way
to where they found themselves now.
Harry made it his business in general to get along with the people he met, and he absolutely
hated strife of any kind. Yet even he had shrunk under the force of Dr. Stanley's sneer, and his
arrogance, his approach to the world that in Harry's opinion wasn't at all scientific and proper
-to use a Stanley word- for a man of medicine.
They had learned to keep out of each other's way well enough, Stanley letting Goodsir
engage in his "little hobbies" which Harry saw as his duty - he had initially wanted to join the
expedition as a naturalist, not an assistant surgeon, and in his head he still wanted to live up
to that title.
However, keeping out of each other's way was infinitely easier when they weren't stuck in the
ice and there were still diversions to distract them apart from the books.
Now, Harry remembered with great nostalgia the time when Commander Fitzjames had
dragged him on deck to show him a catch the men had made, or Lieutenant Le Vesconte had
peered at the life flourishing under his microscope so he could help him draw it.
There was no life here, except for the monster out on the ice.
Captain Sir John called it a bear, but other members of the crew who had actually seen it had
different words for it.
Harry hadn't known what to believe, until he talked to the Netsilisk, with the aid of Dr.
McDonald. They called the being "Tuunbaq" and to them it was no bear.
In other circumstances, Harry might've been glad at the mystery the whole case represented,
but he had little reason to feel glad, these days.
Ever since he had found out about the tins, Harry had battled feelings of complete
hopelessness on the regular. It wasn't so much the fact of the lead, but Sir John's refusal to
break off the expedition, his insistence that everything was fine.

To Harry, this attitude bordered on the delusional. How could Sir John still claim to care for
his crew when he would consign them all to a horrible death?
But then, Sir John honestly seemed to believe that they could go on as they had been without
losing lives.
And of course Dr. Stanley had taken his side. To be honest, Harry had feared going insane if
he stayed on Erebus a day longer, so he had gladly left to confer with the Netsilisk guests on
Terror.
He had been greatly fascinated with the Netsilisk culture ever since he had met these people
in Greenland, and he regretted that there was no way to learn their language back in England.
Hence, his idea to create a Netsilisk dictionary for such instances.
Only after he had stayed on Terror a while though, had he realised what a tremendous
opportunity their two guests represented. The Netsilisk knew how to survive where
Englishmen couldn't, and perhaps they could be persuaded to teach their ways to Harry and
the others...
Harry had felt hope, then, for the first time in weeks.
Even better, Captain Crozier approved of his plan, and would help him make it fact. The
Netsilisk too, were open to conversation.
Of course, Harry reflected, it had been too good to be true.
As soon as he had been back on Erebus, he had seen that while Captain Crozier might've
agreed with him, there was no way that Sir John ever would.
Harry had broached the subject cautiously several times, and he had been brushed off every
single one of them. Sir John seemed to think that the Netsilisk were nothing but pitiful
savages, and of course Dr. Stanley shared that opinion.
Harry shouldn't have been surprised. Sir John had, after all, ordered him to feed their guests
poisoned food.
Never in his wildest dreams had Harry imagined that he would ever go against the express
orders of his Captain, but his conscience hadn't let him pursue another way.
Right now, what felt above all was a great frustration, mixed with dread about their future. He
didn't know what to do anymore.
Should he go back to Captain Crozier and entreat him for help?
Yes, that seemed like the most sensible option.
It turned out that Stanley had requested him back because something was wrong with Mr.
Collins.

Well, according to Stanley, nothing was wrong with Mr. Collins, he was simply having a bit
of a bad time, but his behavior was starting to affect the rest of the crew, and Harry had
apparently always been the one to concern himself with "such trifles".
Every disease that didn't affect the body was a trifle in Dr. Stanley's eyes, Harry was well
aware.
Harry had taken it upon himself to visit Mr. Collins daily and talk with him, and while Harry
wouldn't say that he was well, he was at least improved.
"It's the nightmares.", he had told Harry. "They used to be of Billy Orrin, you know, the man
we lost when the propeller broke, but now they've... changed."
"Changed how?", Harry had asked.
"I dream of the creature we saw, out on the ice. How it killed Lieutenant Gore, how it will kill
me..."
Harry had put a hand on Collins's shoulder. "It won't kill you, Henry. Dreams are images of
our deepest feelings, such as our fears. That doesn't mean that they will happen in reality."
Collins had looked anguished. "Are sure?"
"Most certainly.", Harry had replied.
It turned out that Mr. Collins had been out of sorts ever since the outing on the ice. He felt
guilty because he had been the one to spot what he thought was a bear, and he blamed
himself for Lieutenant Gore's death.
Harry hadn't precisely known what to do, but he had known instinctually that Mr. Collins was
suffering, and that he needed help, help Harry tried to give.
He couldn't believe the kind of cruel, thoughtless responses Stanley had been giving to the
man, insisting that he wasn't a doctor for these kinds of "pretensions".
How could someone be so cold when confronted with the pain in another human being?
Besides his worries over Mr. Collins, there was Commander Fitzjames. Harry had been glad
when he had returned to Erebus with him, hoping that he perhaps had another ally for his
cause.
It had soon turned out, however, that Fitzjames was preoccupied with something else.
It had something to do with Captain Crozier and his trips to the future, Harry suspected.
Harry had learned in his studies that a true scientist used the unshakable facts of the world
around him to draw his conclusions about said world.
In Crozier's case, the facts did allow for an outlandish explanations like that, and so Harry
had believed him.

He wished he could've talked more about it with Crozier, another reason for his plan to go
over to Terror one of these days.
What had stayed him until now was a curious conversation he'd had with Fitzjames a few
days ago.
Harry had had the distinct impression that Fitzjames was avoiding him. He sought Sir John's
company instead, which worried him.
When asked, Fitzjames always insisted that he was fine, that everything was "capital,
capital", and only Harry seemed to be able to see this for the lie that it was.
One evening, Fitzjames had appeared in sickbay. Harry was drawing and Dr. Stanley had
gone to bed, which Harry promptly told Fitzjames when he inquired.
"What do you need, Commander?", Harry asked.
"Something to help me sleep.", Fitzjames said, very reluctantly.
Harry nodded. "Do you have trouble falling asleep or staying asleep?"
"Both." Fitzjames pursed his lips, frowned. "I have nightmares... they keep me awake."
Like Mr. Collins, then. Though at this point Harry wondered if there was a single person who
knew about the tins who didn't have nightmares, except for Sir John.
"I can recommend several things, though I had heard you're not very fond of laudanum, sir?"
"That's true.", Fitzjames said.
"Mandragora, then. A few drops will do you well."
"Thank you.", Fitzjames murmured, the frown not leaving his face.
Harry stopped on his way to the cabinet and turned around. "Commander, if there's anything
else I can do for you, you can talk to me. I will keep your confidence."
Fitzjames looked at him as if he was seeing him from a great distance.
"Has it do with Captain Crozier, perhaps? His..." Harry lowered his voice, though they were
alone. "... unusual trips through time?"
For a long moment, Fitzjames said nothing, and Harry waited patiently. "In a manner of
speaking, yes.", he finally returned.
"Did he tell you more about the kind of future he saw?", Harry asked. "Was it very bad?"
Fitzjames chewed the inside of his cheek, then nodded curtly.
Harry wasn't surprised, but it was shocking to have the confirmation. "But surely, we can still
change it, somehow? It isn't fixed?"

"We can change it.", Fitzjames said, and Harry breathed a sigh of desperate relief.
"Then why are you so troubled, sir?"
Fitzjames sighed and closed his eyes. "There's a price, Harry. There is always a price."
Fitzjames had refused to say more and taken the mandragora. Harry had let him go, not
wanting to press him, for fear what he might reveal.
His every instinct told him that there was something reprehensible going on, and that perhaps
he was better off not knowing.
Harry wondered if he was acting cowardly, but on the other hand, did it matter? His influence
was small, as mere assistant surgeon, as he had repeatedly felt in the last weeks.
Even when he had found out something vital to the wellbeing of the expedition (with
Crozier's help, but still) he had been dismissed by nearly everyone who mattered.
He decided to focus on his tasks for now, though he still watched the Commander, and so
noticed when he went over to Terror a few days later, together with Ice Master Blanky.
Harry was just present for Dr. Stanley's examination of Lieutenant Le Vesconte, how he was
faring without his toes, when Mr. Collins burst into Sickbay. He had been on watch.
"Is someone dying, Mr. Collins?", Dr. Stanley asked archly. "Otherwise, I'm with a patient
right now."
Collins, shrunk back a little, but he returned promptly: "Already dead, sir. It's the creature. It
killed Dr. McDonald from Terror. Captain Crozier and Commander Fitzjames barely
escaped, and are here right now."
Even Dr. Stanley seemed momentarily thrown at that. "I see.", he said. "Do they need
medical attention?"
"They went to report to Sir John, and he told me to get you."
Dr. Stanley nodded and turned to the door. "Mr. Goodsir, finish up here."
"Yes, sir.", Harry said, but Stanley was already out the door.
Harry was greatly curious as to why Captain Crozier had crossed the ice, something he had
never done - hadn't been able to do- up to this point.
He also wondered at another attack of the strange beast.
Mr. Collins looked greatly distressed, and so did Lieutenant Le Vesconte, though he hid it
better.
As Collins had to go back to his watch, Harry went to him first and told him to seek him out
after he was finished.

Collins nodded, a little relieved. "Thank you, Harry."
Collins left, and Harry turned around to find Le Vesconte pulling his socks back on. "I trust
you've finished staring at my non existent toes, because I need to make sure that James is
alright."
Stanley hadn't said anything about Harry or Le Vesconte joining him, but then, he hadn't said
anything against it, either. And Harry had finished up here, like he had been told to do.
"We'll make sure together.", Harry said.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When Sir John admitted them upon knocking, the Commander and the Captain were just
making their report.
Evidently, Sir John had allowed Crozier to sit down on account of his leg, while Fitzjames
stood there with his hands crossed behind his back.
Dr. Stanley was examining Crozier's leg, and apparently, they were in the middle of a
discussion if Crozier should be moved to sickbay.
"Ah, Mr. Goodsir.", Stanley said. "You can help Captain Crozier to sickbay right away."
"Of course, sir.", Harry replied.
He expected Crozier to insist that he was fine, but the Captain of the Terror merely nodded.
"I would still like to talk to you later. In private.", he said to Sir John.
"Of course, Francis.", Sir John answered. "I'll send James and Dr. Stanley after you when he
made his report. Lieutenant Le Vesconte, you may stay."
With the help of Harry and his cane, they got Crozier to sickbay fairly quickly, even though
he was carrying a pouch he refused to let go of. Harry tried not to show his excitement. Here
it was at last, the opportunity to speak to Captain Crozier.
Even though Harry also had reservations, he wasn't going to let it slip away.
"Is Dr. McDonald really dead?", Harry asked.
"Unfortunately, yes.", Crozier replied as he sat down. "Really, you don't need to examine me.
My leg just needs rest, that is all."
Why are we here then, Harry thought. Could it be? Did Crozier want to speak to him as well?
"It's a terrible loss.", Crozier continued sincerely. "He was not only Terror's doctor, but my
friend. I so very much wanted to bring him home."

Harry could only concur. Two days after his sujourn on Terror, Dr. McDonald asked him to
call him Alexander, and after months of Stanley's vitriol this had been a balm upon Harry's
heart.
They had discussed many things in Harry's research and of course, Dr. McDonald had helped
Harry with his communications with the Netsilisk, having greatly approved of the idea of a
dictionary, not to mention Harry's plan to work with the Netsilisk for their survival.
Harry had missed him greatly over the last days, and now he would never see him again.
"If I may ask, how did he die, sir?"
Crozier gave a deep sigh of sadness. "He was torn apart by Tuunbaq. At least it was over very
quickly. He didn't suffer."
Neither of them even made the pretense of calling the creature a bear. It was greatly ironic
now that Harry had tried, together with Dr. McDonald to get the Netsilisk to talk about the
strange animal, so they might know more about it.
But Tuunbaq was a deeply personal subject to them, Harry sensed, and even when he had
gotten to know them better, they were tight lipped about it.
"Will someone go and get the body?", Harry asked.
"Of course."
"If they do, it is my professional opinion that Mr. Collins shouldn't be part of the party to
retrieve him. He is still much disturbed by his previous encounter with Tuunbaq, and sending
him will put him, as well as others, in danger."
"Sir John said nothing about sending Mr. Collins.", Crozier calmed him. "As he is on watch,
it wouldn't be proper for him to leave the ship anyway."
"That's good.", Harry said, relieved.
"Dr. Goodsir.", Crozier began. "I'm sorry to do this, but we don't have much time. I need to
ask a favor of you."
Harry felt an uncomfortable shiver down his spine. Still, he sat down next to Crozier and
nodded for him to go on.
"I haven't told you, what I experienced in our future. I'd like to do so now." Crozier reached
out and took his hand. "I'm sorry, doctor. But this won't be pleasant."
"I need to hear it.", Harry said, his heart beating wildly in his chest. "I've been thinking it,
anyway, over the last days, and I'm beginning to believe that uncertainty is worse than the
truth."
"In this case, I dare not agree.", the Captain replied. "I'll begin then."

As he sat there and listened, Harry was struck by his sheer and utter helplessness at the
situation. He had not ever thought of himself as someone who would chafe at his low rank,
but the lack of power he had to change anything was maddening.
He also thought all the men he knew, and how they would die.
It was good that Crozier spoke, for Harry didn't have any words for what he was hearing. Just
despair, endless despair...
Crozier told him last of their final conversation in the other time, how Harry had been still
alive perhaps, but hopeless and beaten.
Harry turned away from Crozier at that, so he would not see him cry. He cried for the
expedition, for all their souls, for their youthful enthusiasm at the beginning.
"Dr. Goodsir.", Crozier said urgently. "I need you to listen to me. It's not fixed. We can still
change it. We can still save the men, those who didn't die in this time yet."
Had he not been sitting down, Harry would've sunk to his knees at the words.
"Truly?", he asked, looking at Crozier again.
The Captain nodded. "And this is what I need your help with."
It suddenly occurred to Harry, as he was about to enthusiastically agree, what Fitzjames had
said in sickbay only days ago.
There's a price. There is always a price.
Fitzjames's entire behavior, and now Crozier taking him aside like this, seemed to suggest
that something nefarious was going on.
"What do you want to do, Captain?", Harry asked.
Crozier sighed again. "Truly you must know by now that Sir John refuses to be swayed in his
plan."
"I do.", Harry said. An ill sense of foreboding gripped him.
"We tried all the other ways, tried to persuade him. It doesn't work. And now, I regret to say,
there is only one road left to us."
Harry felt as if the ground had been swept out from under him.
He stared at Crozier like a trapped rabbit, seeing coming the fatal blow.
When Crozier said nothing, Harry heard himself ask: "How?"
A single word, full of dangerous portent.

"We thought poison.", Crozier replied. He was still holding on to Harry's hand, which had
gone limp in his grasp.
"We?", Harry repeated, head swimming.
"Me and James. Dr. McDonald approved of it."
So Tuunbaq had interrupted them in the midst of an assassination plot, and had taken out the
crucial element, furthermore. A doctor who would know how to poison Sir John.
"You want me... to take over Alexander's role, don't you? You want me to help you... commit
murder.", Harry said.
Some part of him expected Crozier to deny it, but his jaw was set. "Yes."
Harry rose to his feet and turned away from Crozier again.
"I don't know how much time we have left.", Crozier said behind him. "James is keeping Dr.
Stanley away right now, but even he can't do that forever. I need your help, Dr. Goodsir, now
more than ever.. Think of yourself. Think of the men. They have to be saved."
Harry nodded absently. Of course the men had to be saved. And if this truly was the only
way... But this went against every single principle he lived by! Didn't it? It was his mission to
preserve life, not to end it. Yet now the question was before him, what if he ended a single
life to save all the others?
"Tell me your plan.", Harry said.
"I brought a bottle of whiskey from my personal stores.", Crozier began. "We would've laced
it with poison over on Terror, but we don't know Sir John's exact habits. He never drinks
much, but that is only in public. Our idea was to covertly question you or Dr. Stanley about it
and then poison as much of the whiskey as we need. Dr. McDonald explained that it was
tricky, as there needs to be enough poison in it to kill him, but not so much as that he tastes
something is wrong with the whiskey. Also, the symptoms need to be easily explained away,
so no one- especially Dr. Stanley- notices that he's been poisoned. That done, I was going to
ask Sir John to share a drink with me. It would be impolite of him to refuse, and he is never
impolite."
Harry absorbed this carefully. "And because you don't drink, Sir John won't ask you to
participate."
"Exactly."
With measured steps, Harry went over to the medicine cabinet.
"You have the whiskey here?", he asked.
"Aye. Dr. Goodsir-"

Harry leaned his head against the wood of the shelf. "Don't...", he whispered. "Don't call me
that. Not now. I know it's a sign of respect, but..."
"As you will.", Crozier said. "But I'll have you know, no one deserves the title more."
Harry couldn't bring himself to turn around.
"Captain.", he began. "Sir John sometimes takes laudanum for his chronic back pain. I'm
telling this to you because he would likely know the taste of it, even if it's masked by
whiskey. Unfortunately, we don't have a good supply of arsenic anymore as our bottle broke
during the strong pitching just before Beechey. As it was mixed with vinegar, it would've
been difficult to mask anyway-" Harry stopped, willing himself to take a step back from the
horror of it all and consider the matter at hand as a medical problem.
"Mandragora.", he said at last. "To my knowledge, he has never tasted it. He will fall asleep,
and probably asphyxiate..."
Harry's hands didn't shake as he reached for the bottle, and held it up to Crozier, before
putting it back on the shelf. During his medical studies, his teachers had all praised Harry's
steady hands.
"Born to be a surgeon.", they'd said. "You'd be wasted as a mere anatomist."
Harry took a deep breath and turned back to Crozier. The Captain was watching him
seriously.
"I'm going to step out, for a moment." Harry said. "Just to get some air. I will leave you here,
and you may do what you will."
Crozier heaved himself to his feet, walked over to him. Took his hands.
"Thank you, Dr.- Mr. Goodsir."
Harry pulled out of his grasp, nodding weakly.
"How much will I need? So that it works?"
"Half the bottle should do."
Harry didn't look back as he walked out of sickbay. He knew he should keep a lookout for Dr.
Stanley, but suddenly felt bile rising in him. He barely made it to his cabin and the
chamberpot before he threw up the contents of his lunch.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 29: Francis
Different from Harry Goodsir, Francis's hands were shaking as he snatched the mandragora
from the shelf and poured it into the a quarter empty whisky bottle.
There was a slight discoloration, but it was negligible, or at least that's what Francis hoped.
He put the mandragora bottle back, the stashed away the whiskey bottle in his pouch.
He sat down and waited for Goodsir to come back, but the next person to darken the door
was none other than Dr. Stanley, with James behind him.
They had done this just in the nick of time, then.
"I still don't quite know what the purpose was of you telling me that story, Commander.",
Stanley said. "But it was entertaining, if nothing else."
"Just what you needed after such terrible news, Stephen.", James replied, his boisterous mask
well in place. "What I needed, too."
Stanley raised an eyebrow. "Yes. I am sorry to lose such an esteemed and kind colleague. I
hope we kill this bear soon, this really has gone on long enough. Good evening, Captain
Crozier."
Francis inclined his head and returned the greeting.
"Where is Mr. Goodsir?"
Over Stanley's shoulder, James was trying to catch Francis's gaze. Aside from that, he had
played his role to perfection; Francis had found himself thinking: God, I can't stand him!,
before he could stop himself.
It was an old, ugly thought, and the guilt that accompanied it was acute.
"Mr. Goodsir needed to step outside for a moment.", Francis said. "But he declared me
healthy as a horse, aside from the leg."
"Wonderful!", James exclaimed. "Then you can join us for dinner!"
Francis threw him an exasperated look, even as inside him his nerves were crawling out of
his skin.
"I should tell you, Sir John sent out a party for Dr. McDonald's body.", Stanley told Francis.
"It hasn't returned yet."
Francis nodded. He had little concern for those men, after the intervention of the shaman, but
then, nobody here knew about that.

"I'm sure they will soon.", he said. "Though we can't bury him in this winter cold yet."
"Of course, sir."
"Why don't you join me in my cabin, until Sir John calls for us?", James suggested. "I have
just about room for you at my table."
Francis told himself that only he could here the desperate note to James's voice.
At least Stanley seemed oblivious to it, he just went to the medicine cabinet. Francis felt a
momentary flash of fear, wondering if he would see the displacement of the mandragora - he
didn't remember if he had put back exactly where it had been- but Stanley didn't seem
perturbed.
Francis took the pouch and followed James out of sickbay.
It occurred to Francis that he had never been in this room where James had slept most of the
journey, and he had to admit he was curious- or would have been, had he not been so
nervous.
As it was, he sat down at James's table, framed by fotographs and other keepsakes. James's
sketchbook lay open in the middle. Francis's gaze was caught by it, especially when he
recognized himself, standing at Terror's bow gazing at the sea -or in this case, the viewer.
"Oh.", James said as he followed Francis's gaze.
He took the sketchbook and slammed it shut. "Hadn't known that was still there.", he
muttered.
Francis didn't comment on it, as well as the slight flush to James's cheeks.
"Did you get Goodsir on our side?", James asked, leaning close in a whisper.
Francis nodded. "I put it in the whiskey, too.", he whispered back.
James sat down on his berth as if he was a puppet who's strings had been cut. "Good.", he
muttered. "Good.", he then said again.
Francis felt his heart heavy with all the tension between them.
"James-", Francis began, causing James to reluctantly look up at him. "I wanted to thank you.
For everything out on the ice. Though if you'd had any sense, you would've run."
James glared at him. "I wasn't going to leave you, Francis."
Francis felt his heart beat faster at the matter-of-factness with which James spoke, as if there
was simply no other way. He had the distinct feeling that James was angry with him, for
having dragged him into this, and Francis felt rightly guilty about that - but at the same time,
James had put himself in mortal danger for him, shielded him from Tuunbaq.

Francis could still hear Dr. McDonald's screams, and he shuddered.
"I owe you a debt I can never repay.", Francis said gravely.
James pursed his lips. "Oh, shut up, Francis."
But he reached out and took Francis's hand, giving it a firm press.
"Do think we should've perhaps told of the Netsilisk saving us after all?", James asked. "It
could be that it would make the men more open to them and Mr. Goodsir's project."
"Yes, but it could also be that this achieves the exact opposite. As soon as the men start to
think that the Netsilisk control the beast somehow, they will blame them for all the attacks. It
happened before, with Hickey. Or rather, it will happen in the future.", Francis said.
James nodded. "You're right."
It occurred to Francis that now he had leisure to look at what the shaman had given him out
on the shale. With everything else, he had almost forgotten it, having shoved it in the pocket
of his trousers in an unobserved moment.
With his free hand, Francis reached into his pocket and pulled out a figurine, made out of
bone. It depicted a bear, or rather a miniature version of Tuunbaq.
Francis was immediately sure of the significance of this gift. These figurines had great ritual
and cultural meaning for the Netsilisk, and some wore them sewn inside their clothing.
"Does he mean to protect us with this?", James asked, turning the figurine over in his hand
after Francis had given it to him.
"I can think of no other reason why he would give it to us."
"I hope they make it out there.", James said thoughtfully.
"This place is their home. Even in deep winter, they know how to survive."
Francis had stashed away the figurine, when there was a knock on the door.
James took a deep breath and obviously forced a smile on to his face, before he went and
poked his head out the door.
"Dundy! What are you doing here?", he asked.
"What a question is that?", the voice of Lieutenant Le Vesconte answered. "You almost died,
James. And you have been avoiding me, ever since..." He trailed off into a meaningful
silence.
"I haven't been avoiding you!", James said. "And I wasn't in that much danger, really..."

"You have and you were. Is it because..." There was a pause. "Can I please come in, or do
you have guests already?"
Before anyone could answer, Le Vesconte pushed the door open fully. His lip curled into
something like a sneer when he saw Francis, but he quickly straightened as to not get written
off for insubordination.
"Ah, Captain Crozier. Good evening."
Francis had known, vaguely, that James and Le Vesconte were friends, and he could only
imagine what kind of things James had said about Francis when they had still despised each
other.
Still, it hurt that James had apparently never corrected the record.
"Good evening, Lieutenant.", he returned.
"Well.", Le Vesconte said. "I'll leave you to it, then. Just make sure Sir John doesn't catch
you."
"Excuse me?", Francis barked.
He certainly wouldn't stand and listen to insinuations from Le Vesconte. Francis was too
angry to even be alarmed at what the man knew, exactly. But it seemed fairly obvious that he
was talking about Francis's affair with James and not their murder plot.
"Dundy, stop it.", James said, his tone pleading. "I'll talk with you later."
"Of course.", Le Vesconte sneered, openly now. He looked at Francis again. "Just don't think
you're the only one."
Francis felt his stomach drop as he realised why he was so enraged. Le Vesconte wasn't just
acting like James's friend, was he?
Naturally, it stood to reason that James, with his proclivities being as they were, sought some
kind of congenial company on his own ship. Francis had no right to judge him for that. Still,
jealousy, like a fist punching through his throat, made Francis forget everything else for a
moment.
Le Vesconte left them, and James closed the door, fiddling awkwardly with the buttons of his
uniform.
"Don't mind Dundy.", he muttered. "He just doesn't like you."
"And why is that, I wonder?", Francis hissed bitterly. "Is it because you told him for years
how much you despise me? Or because he's fucked you, too?"
Of course, how could you have ever thought that James, in all his gleaming perfection, could
genuinely like you?, a tiny, hateful voice inside him said. He's only telling Le Vesconte the
truth of what he thinks about you...

James flinched. "I don't have to explain myself to you.", he pressed out.
"No, you don't. You have a right to your opinion of me.", Francis spat. "Pardon me for
believing you actually cared about me. But that was just me, being stupid, wasn't it?"
James looked at him in disbelief. "What's that supposed to mean? Of course I care about you!
Why would I lie about that?"
"Yes, I can see how you care. I was a nice, momentary distraction from you troubles,
something amusing, no doubt.", Francis said bitterly, his own voice sounding foreign to him.
"Le Vesconte did that for you on Erebus, but on Terror, you needed a new plaything to escape
the every day tedium, no doubt I did nicely!"
"Distraction?", James repeated, aghast. "Distraction?! You reminded me at every turn of how
we're all going to die miserable deaths, how I'm going to die a miserable death, and now
you're making a murderer out of me, and you have the gall to call yourself a distraction?!"
"Then I'm sorry that I couldn't be as nice and obliging as your Le Vesconte!", Francis snarled.
"Sorry that you can't maintain your status anymore as the pathetic, insolent braggart that you
are in front of your beloved Sir John!"
James reeled back as if slapped. Francis knew he would say more things, damning things if
he continued to be in James's presence. Perhaps he would cry for all the heartache. He
wouldn't give James the satisfaction of seeing that.
Decisively, Francis rose to his feet and made for the door.
James caught his arm, causing Francis to lose balance and sway, and the next thing he knew
he and James were lying tangled on the floor.
Before Francis could back away or do anything, James took his face in a punishing grip and
hissed: "Yes, I fucked Dundy. I'm not ashamed of it! But don't think for a moment that
everything I said to you wasn't sincerely meant, that I don't-" James bit his lip and looked
down.
Francis wrenched his face free and scrabbled for his cane. James kicked it away from him.
"That you don't what, James?", Francis demanded, just about stopping himself from yelling
in his frustration.
James took a shaking breath. "-that I don't love you.", he finished softly.
Francis stared at him, open-mouthed. "James-"
"Yes, I love you, you frustrating, horrible beast of a man!", James continued. "I wish it were
not so, but I do. I do."
Francis couldn't look at him anymore, he turned away that James would not see him weep.
"Francis?", James asked tentatively after the pause had stretched on too long.

Francis hurriedly wiped his eyes, then turned back to James. "I've always believed that there
is a price, for what we're doing, besides the obvious.", he said. "And I know, now, what that
price is."
James put his hand on Francis's face again, much more gently this time. "What, Francis?"
"It's you.", Francis choked out. "I might be able to save your life, but you won't... be with me.
You will hate me, despise me for what I made you do. We will become little more than
strangers-"
Now there were tears in James's eyes as he mutely shook his head.
"-perhaps we'll see each other, occasionally at dinner, but there won't be more than a polite
greeting. We'll be seperate, forever. And that's the price."
"No, Francis, no-"
"I will rejoice paying it,", Francis whispered, feeling himself cry again. "Because it means
you're alive, James. But it will break my heart, also."
James shook his head again. "I won't hate you.", he said fiercely. "It was my decision to do
this with you. I'm responsible just as much as you. You can't bear my soul for me, Francis.
Even if you want to."
Francis had no words for that. James shuffled closer and rested their foreheads together. "We
will carry on, together.", he muttered. "We still have to pull this off. Worry about the future,
later."
Francis didn't know who moved in for the kiss- perhaps both of them at the same time- but
suddenly he tasted the salt of James's tears on his lips.
James scooted closer still and buried his face in the crook of Francis's neck. Francis held him
tightly, never wanting to let go.
"Perhaps we shouldn't have done this.", James muttered. "Going to my cabin, I mean. But I
just needed to talk to you alone, or I would've gone insane."
"We can go to Sir John soon, so he doesn't get suspicious.", Francis said soothingly, stroking
James's back.
He couldn't bring himself to regret this, even for all the hurt their conversation had caused.
Even though he was still burning with jealousy over Le Vesconte.
James raised his head and looked at Francis. "Lieutenant Irving came over a few days ago.
He said to Sir John that we were committing sodomy."
Francis stared back in shock. "And you're only telling me this now?!"
"Sir John didn't believe him.", James said hurriedly. "He told me later that he could never
conceive of such depravity between two such fine officers, and that it had to be a

misunderstanding."
Francis felt marginally calm again. "And how did Irving come by this information?"
James sighed. "Mr. Hickey, apparently."
Francis cursed. "That fucking two-faced rat! I'm going to wring his neck..."
"Don't, Francis. Going after him is dangerous. Besides, you need him, don't you? Mr. Blanky
told me that he is your eyes and ears among the crew."
"They were greatly shaken by the deaths of Strong and Evans, especially Strong...", Francis
said. "It's going to be hard to keep their spirits up."
James hummed and kissed Francis on the cheek. "We will. Together, we will."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After a few more reassurances and kisses, they decided to seek out Sir John. Francis felt raw,
torn open, and he also hoped that Sir John hadn't noted their sojourn in James's cabin as
suspicious, with the recent allegations made by Lieutenant Irving.
Really, we're horrible at this, Francis thought.
He didn't even know what he meant, keeping the nature of their relationship secret or their
murder plot.
It turned out that Sir John was back on deck with the returning party for Dr. McDonald's
body, and so Francis and James ended up waiting in Erebus's Great Cabin with increasing
levels of nervousness.
Mr. Bridgens brought them tea, inquiring after Mr. Peglar, and James got into a short
conversation with him that soon began to grate on Francis's abused nerves.
Francis knew that James was feeling the same as he, and kindly Mr. Bridgens wasn't to blame
for any of this, but James's false cheer seemed so put-upon, so obvious to Francis that he
wondered why the stewart didn't notice it.
Francis distracted himself by studying the sea charts Sir John had left on the table, the same
ones Francis had been staring at what felt like eons in his own cabin, with their fixed, never
changing position on them.
The Great Cabin was similarly bare of personal effects as the other one, though Francis
suspected that Sir John kept the usual fotographs and such at his bedside.
Francis hadn't taken any fotographs on this journey, not even one of the other James, for that
would've only increased his melancholy.
Finally, Sir John returned, smiling upon finding them here, even at Francis.

"We will store the doctor's body on Erebus, along with the others."
There had been two deaths on Erebus this winter, of consumption, and unlike the
disappearances from Terror, these men had perished in Sickbay and so there were bodies.
"I will also see if Dr. Stanley can spare Mr. Goodsir. Terror should have another doctor. Even
if he murders innocent animals.", Sir John said.
"Neptune will surely keep out of his way, sir.", Francis heard James say, in a certain kind of
tone that James only used with Sir John, and that Francis despised.
"I'm certain.", Sir John said with a chuckle.
Francis wondered how he should behave. In all the chaos leading up to this, Francis hadn't
considered whether it would be less incriminating to be his old self, as it were, or whether he
should make himself a little more... likable, he supposed.
James was of course, putting on his usual performance, and Francis quickly realised that he
was far too less practiced in such a thing to come over as genuine.
"Of course, you're staying here tonight, Francis.", Sir John made clear as he and James joined
Francis at the table. "Your leg needs rest, and maybe tomorrow the bear will be roaming
around somewhere else."
"I agree only on account of my leg.", Francis said, knowing it would be suspicious if he
demurred too easily. "And I want to return to Terror as soon as possible."
James flashed him a mocking smile. "Already tired of our company, Francis?"
"You need to forgive me.", Francis returned. "After all I had to bear you at my side for weeks
now, so any man might've grown weary, after a while."
"Bear me?", James repeated, though there was no sting to it, none of the affronted hateur that
might've been there in the beginning.
"Aye, bear you."
Sir John, for who's benefit this display was, after all, looked back and forth between them
with a bemused expression.
"Not much has changed between you, I see.", he said.
"Well, we respect each other now.", James replied airily. "At least, we pretend to."
Sir John guffawed. "Francis has not the temperament for any kind of pretense! Don't you, my
Second?"
"None, sir.", Francis confirmed. "So it might be supposed that I am genuine, though of course
I can't say the same for James."

James smirked. "You'll just have to take my word for it."
Francis wondered whether James was dying a little inside. He knew that he hated what they
were doing, so James must feel it even more.
Francis had asked James once what he thought of Sir John, honestly, but that been an
assessment of his qualities as leader of the expedition. James's feelings for Sir John... they
would be written on a different page altogether.
Did James admire him? God forbid, see him as some kind of father figure?
"Trusting you, James, would be infinitely easier, if you didn't flash that charming smile at
everyone you meet at the dinner table."
"What are you implying?", James asked, leaning closer over the table.
"I'm sure we don't need to know that.", Sir John interjected. "Why don't you leave me and
Francis alone for a moment? Le Vesconte will want to make sure you're health and whole,
surely."
Francis felt a jolt through him. He had thought Sir John would speak to him after dinner, and
that would've been better, for his fatigue after drinking the poison would just be taken for
normal tiredness...
"We can have our talk after dinner-", Francis began.
"Whyever for, if we're already here?", Sir John said. "James surely understands that there are
some things two Captains must discuss alone, don't you?"
James looked terribly uncertain for the briefest moment, before covering it up with another
smile. "Of course. I'll leave you to it, then."
Time slowed as James rose from his chair and clapped Francis on the shoulder, before
making for the door. Francis also saw that Sir John had followed the gesture with his eyes.
When James had closed the door behind him, it began.
Francis said: "As a token of my good intentions, I brought you something." He reached for
the pouch he had taken with him. "Whiskey, from my own stores. Only the best for my
Captain."
Sir John frowned. "So it is true that you don't drink anymore?"
"It's true.", Francis confirmed. "But I can hardly let all of that good whiskey go to waste now,
can I?"
"Of course not. I'm not a whiskey drinker myself, but I will take the gesture as it was kindly
meant.", Sir John said. He looked around. "We'll need a glass- Mr. Bridgens!"

Of course, on Terror Francis had kept his cut glasses in reach at all times, but he already
knew that Sir John wasn't fond of alcohol in general.
Francis felt almost sick when Bridgens appeared and then disappeared to fulfill Sir John's
request.
"So, what do you think about this bear business?", Sir John asked, turning to Francis again.
Francis knew that he shouldn't antagonise Sir John, so he would stay in a generous mood and
drink the whiskey. At the same time, he needed to act like himself. God, why was this so
difficult?
"I didn't catch a good glimpse of it, with the darkness and everything.", Francis said. "It was
rather large for a bear, but that we already know."
"James said much the same thing.", Sir John replied. "I suppose that's a step up from the
panicked, overblown impressions he had the first time."
"Well-" Francis felt like he had a toothache. "-James has never been to the Arctic. He can be
a little to excitable when it comes to this place."
Sir John hummed, and then Mr. Bridgens came back with a glass.
"Well then.", Sir John said, taking the whiskey and pouring. "That will be all, Mr. Bridgens."
When the glass was half full, Sir John stopped and put the bottle back. Francis felt his heart
sink. Would that little be enough?
"Don't you trust my whiskey, Sir John?", Francis asked as lightly as he could.
"Forgive me Francis, but alcohol has an unusually strong effect on me. I'm only taking care
that I keep functioning. But I will savor it, never fear."
Not seeing any other way to protest, Francis nodded.
He watched while Sir John put the glass to his lips, sniffed it, and drank.
Francis thought his heart might stop when Sir John frowned.
"Hm. It is good, though it tastes a little... medicinal, I should say."
"Many medicines have alcohol in them. I heard that you're fond of laudanum?"
Sir John hummed again, then took another sip. "Fond might be overstating it a bit. I have
some pains, occasionally, and then it helps nicely. But I also know that that stuff is addictiveJane told me of a case, where- well, I don't remember the details, but it was deeply
unsettling."
Francis thought of Jopson's mother, and nodded.

"Tell me, Francis, do think James is much changed for spending time on Terror?"
Francis was immediately suspicious, though the question seemed innocent. He wondered
what would happen if he said: Other then the fact that he had my cock in his mouth, and I his
in mine, everything is pretty much the same.
If Sir John didn't survive the night, he wouldn't be able to do much about it, would he?
Of course Francis would never do it, but part of him would be viciously pleased to see Sir
John's face fall at the words, his shocked horror.
"I don't think he's much changed, no.", Francis said. "It seems I got a false first impression of
him."
Sir John chuckled. "Francis Crozier, admitting he was wrong? I'd never thought I'd see the
day..."
"Well, James made the same mistake, I should say.", Francis grumbled and tried not to seem
overly engaged with how Sir John put the glass to his lips once more.
"Did he? Or did you simply improve, quite visibly? I must say, sobriety suits you, Francis."
Francis just nodded curtly.
"Why did you do it, though?", Sir John asked. "I hope it isn't to forward of me to inquire, but
why now? Did something happen to you that I'm not aware of?"
Francis pictured for a moment telling Sir John the truth. James had, in his desperation,
wanted him to do that. But now even James knew that there would be no understanding in
this matter from Sir John. He would think Francis had gone mad.
"There was an entire winter in the ice before us.", Francis said. "I was simply being
economical."
Sir John was silent a moment. There was about a quarter of the whiskey he had poured left.
"You are aware of the disgusting rumor about you and James that started on Terror?", Sir
John said, his tone probing.
"James told me it was a simple misunderstanding.", Francis replied. "I'm still shocked, of
course."
"As was I!", Sir John exclaimed. "To hear such filth from a trusted officer was deeply
unpleasant, even if he meant well. As if you or James were not civilised, and British, but wild
beasts!"
As if he needed to fortify himself, Sir John drained his glass in one go.
Francis let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding, and quickly covered it up with a
sound of agreement. If Sir John would drink no more, he needed to find a way to get rid of

the rest of whiskey, so no one else got accidentally poisoned...
"I really hope that this Mr. Hickey knows how to keep his mouth shut. Such a story around
the ship would be deeply demoralising and harmful to the crew."
"Of course.", Francis said.
Almighty God, how has James been able to stand the company of this man for so long?, he
thought.
"I do have a question for you, though.", Francis added.
Sir John gave a nod.
"If thaw doesn't come, what is your plan?"
Francis only asked because he knew it would be suspicious if he didn't.
"Thaw will come, Francis, I have no doubt. And even if it doesn't, we can hunt in summer,
enough to be provisioned for another winter.", Sir John said. "Worry not, Francis."
"It seems to me that someone here has to worry.", Francis replied pointedly.
Sir John raised his empty glass. "But not in order to see the situation as more dire than it is, to
lose oneself in melancholic brooding."
Francis had the strange impulse to flee, now that the deed was done. He didn't want to
witness Sir John succumbing to the poison, didn't want to keep up this performance in the
face of it.
But he was trapped on Erebus for the night at least; there was nowhere to go, nowhere to be,
except at Sir John's side.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 30: James
"Dundy, we need to talk.", James told Le Vesconte.
Perhaps this wasn't the right time for it, but on the other hand, James knew he was going to
go insane if he didn't do something to distract him from what Francis was doing right now
behind the closed door of the Great Cabin.
Dundy was in his own cabin, reading as it looked like, and now he regarded James with an
exasperated look.
"You think?", he said.
When no protest was forthcoming, James closed the door behind him and leaned against it.
Dundy looked at him expectantly, but suddenly James couldn't find the words. He was always
honest with Dundy; they had been friends for too long for anything else, but here James knew
that he had to lie, at least partly.
Perhaps one day, he would be able to tell Dundy the truth about killing Sir John, but right
now he had been in their leader's company for months, ignorant of the danger that was so
much more difficult to avoid on Terror; James knew that Dundy would be horrified to find
out what they were doing.
"So, Captain Crozier.", Dundy said. "Or should I say Francis?" He pronounced the first name
with a frankly insulting imitation of James's voice.
"We need to stop."
Dundy flicked his book shut. "I'd gathered. But what was that thing in your cabin about,
then? After which you avoided me like the plague and pretended everything was fine?"
James winced. "That wasn't my finest hour.", he murmured. "It was a mistake. I'm sorry."
"You used me.", Dundy said.
A lie would not be believed and only anger him more, James knew.
"I did. Again, I'm sorry.", James said.
"Why?"
"I was upset- with Francis.", James muttered. "God knows I love him, but he can be...
difficult."
Dundy's eyebrows climbed all the way to his hairline. "You love him?"
"I do."

Dundy gave a great sigh. "You know, you have horrible taste in men."
"I was with you!", James exclaimed.
"Exception that proves the rule!", Dundy said, raising an admonishing finger. "But Crozier?
Really? Is it only because he's Captain and the highest ranking member of this expedition you
can rightly seduce-"
"That's completely ridiculous."
"But better if it were true.", Dundy told him. "I thought you never wanted to fall in love."
"It wasn't exactly in my control, this.", James defended himself. "None of this is- ah, forget
it."
"Will you tell me now what happened? Why you were acting so strangely? Was it really only
the fight with the ugly, drunken Irishman-"
"Dundy, stop it!" James wondered how he could make Dundy like Francis. He probably had a
hell of a lot of work to do in that department, considering all the complaining he had done of
Francis in the past.
"What, then?", Le Vesconte asked.
James considered. "Sir John almost discovered about us. Francis and me, I mean."
Dundy's face fell. "Fuck. That's awful. Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"I don't know. I was just beside myself with worry, and I wasn't thinking straight."
"And Sir John suspects nothing?"
James nodded. "He heard a rumor about Francis and me, but dismissed it out of hand. I was
sitting beside him the entire time, dying inside."
"Christ.", Dundy said. "You need to be careful, James. Stay away from Crozier a bit, because
what if Sir John reconsiders?"
"You're right. Of course, you're right.", James murmured.
There was a short silence between them, where Dundy was obviously gathering himself up to
say something.
"James.", he finally started. "I've always- loved both men and women. I know it's different
for you, you can't do what I did -find a woman to settle down with. I mean, you could, but
you wouldn't love her, as I do Henrietta. I'm privileged, in that. And you deserve love in your
life, James, something more than quick fumblings behind locked doors. But please, please be
careful. You can't know yet if Crozier is the man for you, and you shouldn't give your heart to
him if you're not sure."

James looked at Le Vesconte, surprised at his words. A wave of guilt rolled over him.
"I don't deserve your friendship, Dundy.", James said.
"Don't be ridiculous.", Dundy replied, making a dismissive gesture. "Just promise you'll think
on what I said?"
"I will." James had the sudden urge to check on Francis's progress. "Why don't we go to the
wardroom for a game of chess?", he asked. "I could use something to distract me a little."
Dundy agreed and they went. The door to the Great Cabin was still closed, and James could
hear the muffled voices of Francis and Sir John if he strained his ears.
His chess play was bad, even though he really tried to focus on it. It occurred to him too late
that he was only making himself more suspicious in front of Dundy.
They both perked up when there was a clatter of glass behind the door, followed by a curse.
James felt suddenly paralyzed, which meant that it was Dundy who stood up and knocked on
the door.
"Everything alright, Captain?"
Sir John opened the door. "Call Mr. Bridgens. We've had a little accident."
James finally got feeling in his legs again and walked over, forcing a smile onto his face.
Francis was kneeling on the floor, next to him a puddle and glass shards.
He made sure no one else drinks the whiskey., James thought.
Their eyes met, and Francis gave a minute nod.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After Mr. Bridgens had cleared away the mess, it was almost time for dinner. Sir John wanted
to eat with all the officers, to bolster their spirits after losing Dr. McDonald so cruelly, even
though he was starting to feel tired.
James hadn't asked Francis what he had poisoned Sir John with, in the end, and how it
worked. He really should have.
When dinner was served, Sir John was looking much worse for wear. He kept yawning, and
James, who was sitting directly beside him, saw that his pupils were huge.
The poison was taking effect, then.
"I apologise for the absence of Mr. Goodsir.", Dr. Stanley said. "He's not well. It seems the
death of our colleague has greatly affected him."

"As it does us all.", Sir John said, reaching for his glass and missing it a few times, before he
grabbed it and put it to his lips with a shaking hand.
James wondered whether he should say something, or whether it was bad to draw attention to
Sir John at this stage.
"It's really distasteful that we can't bury him.", Lieutenant Fairholme said.
He had taken a fall and hit his head a few months back, and so had been convalescing when
the thing with tins had been discovered.
"In a few weeks, we will be able to.", Francis said. He was sitting to Sir John's other side.
"Perhaps sooner."
"Speaking of, we must start preparing for the Carnivale.", Dundy put in. "I'm surprised you
haven't taken the reins yet, James."
"Well, I'm sure everyone is working eagerly on their costume.", James said. "I know I am."
Actually, with everything going on James hadn't really had time to dedicate himself to the
Carnivale as assuredly as he'd planned. He still had the dress he'd worn as Calpurnia for
Francis in his cabin, and he supposed he could use that, though it would hardly be inspired.
Next to him, it looked like Sir John was going to collapse head first onto his plate at any
moment, and so finally James asked: "Is everything alright, sir?"
Sir John blinked. "I find myself... strangely tired. But I'm sure it's nothing."
"Perhaps you should retire to bed.", Francis said. "It's the shock of our attack, the great loss
we suffered, I'm sure."
"I'm not ill.", Sir John protested. "At least I don't think so..."
Everyone looked at him worriedly. It was really remarkable how quickly Sir John seemed to
be deteriorating, which meant he needed to be in bed and out of scrutiny soon.
"Should I examine you, just in case?", Dr. Stanley asked.
"No, no need.", Sir John said decisively. He rose on shaking feet. "James, will you
accompany me for a moment? I think I will retire, if you'll excuse me."
"Of course, sir.", James assured him, even as he was internally screaming.
Once they were out of the wardroom and in the Great Cabin, Sir John took James's arm and
leaned on him heavily.
James supported him the way to his berth, then asked if he should fetch Mr. Bridgens or Mr.
Hoar.

"N-no.", Sir John said. "I would rather they not see me like this. I can't explain it, but
something is... is wrong..."
"I'm sure you just need sleep, sir. I will help you undress."
"Thank you, James."
James didn't want to stay here. He wanted to run far, far away. He couldn't imagine being
forced to watch the death throes of the man he had willfully poisoned. It was cowardly, but
didn't know how much longer he would be able to stand it.
"A Captain isn't supposed to show such weakness.", Sir John mused as James unbottoned his
uniform. "But it's too late with you anyway. Oh my Lord, I'm dizzy..."
"Sit down on the berth, perhaps.", James suggested, and Sir John did.
"There is a matter, James, I need to speak to you about."
James didn't know what he should do if Sir John collapsed mid sentence. Just lay him down
and pretend he had just fallen peacefully asleep?
"You can tell me tomorrow, Captain.", James insisted as he pulled Sir John's boots off.
Clad in just his smalls and a shirt, Sir John settled into bed.
"No, it's important...", he said. "It's about... Francis and you."
James hadn't known that it was possible to feel more wretched than this, but apparently it
was. Did Sir John suspect something? Did heSir John grabbed James's arm, surprisingly strongly, before slipping away.
"Sit down, please."
Reluctantly, James grabbed the chair at the table and sat down at Sir John's bedside.
"Really, sir, I will be there tomorrow.", James said desperately, as Sir John barely seemed
capable of speech.
"James, I... need to... ask you-", Sir John pressed out. "Has Francis- I understand that you
have grown quite close... and I can see it... and I have to ask, if he ever did anything...
untoward..."
"Untoward?", James repeated, frozen in fear.
"You are not- not to blame, James. I will make sure- protect you, that is, if it's true that he
seduced you."
James stared at Sir John, who looked up at him with his widened pupils, still very much alive,
though he was struggling.

"Listen to me.", James began. "Never, not once, did Francis behave in any way improper
towards me. I couldn't fathom it. Nor would I ever... let myself be seduced by a man."
Sir John looked relieved, perhaps, it was difficult to tell, as it was if he even heard James at
all. His eyelids fluttered, and slowly, he sank into sleep.
James sat there, watching him.
There was no guarantee that he would die from this, James realised. He doubted that there
had been a way to make the dosage in any way exact, even with Goodsir's help.
And Sir John's words had made James afraid, deathly afraid. If there was even a part of Sir
John that suspected him and Francis, James didn't know how he would survive that.
He also didn't know how they would survive, should the poison not work.
James looked at the sleeping Sir John. He was still breathing.
You need to get out of here., his every instinct told him.
But James stood frozen, another treacherous possibility rising before his inner eye.
What if he took Sir John's pillow and smothered him with it right now?
This was of course, miles away from the complacency he had made himself guilty of so far.
This would be murder, and he, James, would be the killer.
Perhaps he didn't even need to do it, perhaps the poison would work...
But then, perhaps not.
As if in a dream, James rose from his chair and stepped closer to Sir John's sleeping form. Sir
John didn't stir when James's shadow fell over him. Goodsir had definitely given them some
kind of narcotic.
With shaking hands, James reached for the pillow Sir John was lying on, and pulled it out
from under his head.
He was reluctant to touch their leader directly, cradle his head, and so Sir John just fell
unceremoniously onto the mattress.
James feared for a moment that he would wake up after all, but he stayed dead to the world.
James stared at the pillow in his hands, knowing what he had to do next, but his muscles
wouldn't obey the order.
You have killed before., he told himself. It's exactly the same, just do it...
But it wasn't the same. The people James had killed before had been distant, at the other end
of a rifle, they had been the enemy, and most of all, they had defended themselves. They

would've killed him if he hadn't fought back.
This was... monstrous, as he had already told Mr. Blanky.
It was then that James realised that he couldn't do it. He just couldn't.
This time, he lifted Sir John's head carefully, as if in apology, and placed it back on the
pillow.
Just as he was done, there was a knock on the door.
James closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then opened it.
Mr. Bridgens was there, asking in a whisper if he was needed.
James wanted to fall into his arms and weep, but he restrained himself.
"He's asleep. I was just about to leave myself.", James answered.
"Of course, sir."
James felt as if he was walking through water while he followed Mr. Bridgens back to the
dinner table. He knew he needed to pull himself together, so no one would suspect anything.
"Our leader sleeps.", he announced. "I think he was exhausted by the trials of today."
"Or perhaps you got him drunk, Captain Crozier.", Dundy said good-naturedly.
James didn't wince, and sat down mechanically. He couldn't look at Francis.
"What's that supposed to mean?", Dr. Stanley asked.
"We shared a glass of whiskey, Sir John and I.", Francis said.
"Was it only one glass?", Dundy inquired. "You can tell us the truth, Captain. We know you
like to indulge in that aspect."
James kicked Dundy's foot under the table.
Francis remained calm. "I don't see the point of answering that question."
"Yes, why don't we talk more of the Carnivale?", Fairholme interjected.
James didn't know how he made it to the end of the dinner, only that he did. Maybe he
should've made more of an effort to seem careless, told a story, perhaps, but he couldn't.
When asked, he said that he was still affected from what happened out on the ice.
Much to his discomfort especially Dr. Stanley was shooting him worried looks from his
place. James knew that he only had himself to blame, for the unbalanced and falsely cheery
way he had distracted the surgeon while Francis spoke to Goodsir.

He had told him the story of the Euphrates expedition, mostly because James couldn't think
of anything else he would've been able to tell with any ease.
It hadn't been easy back then, certainly, and he had been in mortal peril most of the time, but
James found that he couldn't even compare these events to what was happening now.
In the beginning, he had. He had seen the Arctic as just another adventure story in his life of
adventure stories, not realising that this place, this wretched, beautiful place, defied to be
categorized.
He might get to know it or die trying, and while he'd been still in Sir John's company
frequently, he had seen his own death as remote, barely a possibility.
Oh, how wrong he'd been...
Dr. Stanley liked to listen to his stories, even seemed to find a strange kind of comfort in
them, but it seemed he had noted something amiss with James.
Still, he didn't say anything, even when they were all wishing each other good night.
James hadn't looked at Francis as he stepped out of the wardroom and made for his own
cabin. He wondered if Sir John was still breathing.
James barely had a minute to realise that he was all alone now, and would have to remain so
for the long, sleepless night, when Mr. Bridgens knocked on the door again.
"I wondered if there was anything I could do for you, sir.", he said. "Dr. Stanley mentioned
you seemed a little out of sorts, and I have to say I concur."
"Everything is fine, Bridgens.", James replied with a sigh. "But you may help me to bed."
"I would be happy to."
For the next minutes, James tried to stop thinking with limited success. Then he tried to think
of something besides Sir John, maybe croaking his last breaths a few doors away, and saw
before his inner eyes Dr. McDonald's fright-frozen face.
James cleared his throat. "Say, Bridgens, you have some medical knowledge, don't you?
Maybe you could assist Dr. Stanley if Mr. Goodsir is for Terror?"
Bridgens nodded. "My father was a pharmacist, and I've always taken an interest in the
surgeon's work. If Dr. Stanley will have me, I'm sure that Mr. Hoar can take over some of my
duties."
"I will speak to Sir John in the morning.", James choked out. "If you don't beat me to it."
Bridgens hummed, then continued to undress him with quick, efficient touches.
James suddenly desperately wanted to share his confidence. He doubted there was a kinder
man in the Service, or one more understanding than John Bridgens.

What must it be like, to be loved by a man like that?
Of course, James had his own suspicions about Bridgens and Mr. Peglar. Sometimes he
wondered if he was just seeing what he wanted to see, the fact that two men could maintain a
loving and caring partnership, despite being, well, men in Her Majesty's Royal Navy.
He had imagined that one day, Bridgens and Peglar would retire to a country cottage where
they would read books to their heart's content, and no one would be the wiser.
Francis hadn't told James what fate was ins store for these two, but it couldn't be any less
horrible than the rest of it.
After Bridgens had left, James lay down in his berth and tried to sleep, knowing it was futile.
He woke sometime later, in the throes of another scurvy-nightmare, the pain in his chest so
acute that he tumbled out of the bed, thinking he was having a heart attack.
Once he could breathe halfway steadily again, James got up and fumbled for a lamp.
He then sat down on his chair, acutely afraid of lying down again. He had thought that sleep
would help him get through this night faster, but it seemed there was an even heavier price
for it.

Chapter 31: James
Francis was sleeping in Lieutenant Gore's former cabin. James knew he was making a
mistake, but he knew he wouldn't survive the night otherwise.
As he snuck out of his berth, his stokinged feet cold on the hard floorboards, he waited for
someone to yell, to come rushing and saying that Sir John was dead.
But then, why would someone check on Sir John in the middle of the night?
It occurred to James that he would likely be the last one to have seen Sir John alive, quite a
dubious honor.
Once he had reached Lieutenant Gore's cabin, James slipped inside without knocking, closing
the door behind him and turning the key.
"Who's there?", came Francis's voice, rough from sleep, or perhaps something else.
"I hope I didn't wake you.", James whispered.
"Christ, James, you need to leave. If they find us here together-"
Francis cut himself off when, as confident as anything, James climbed into bed with him.
The physical contact was a shock, even though they had lain together in Francis's berth on
Terror before. Francis was warm, and clad in only his night shirt and his smalls, just as
James.
After some shuffling around, Francis put his arms around James and James rested his head on
his chest.
"I'm sorry, but I can't stand to be alone right now.", James whispered, inhaling the scent of
Francis, of safety, of home.
Carefully, Francis put on hand on James's back, the other stroking his hair. "It will pass,
James. We just have to he through this night, and then-"
"He'll be dead?"
"Yes."
James was silent. He didn't say, what kind of monsters are we? He didn't say, what if he
doesn't die? What if we have to do this all again?
He raised his head, searching for Francis's lips. When he found them and kissed him, Francis
made a sound at the back of his throat and pulled James closer.
"What did you talk about when you- when he drank the whiskey?"

"Various things...", Francis murmured. "The bear, the ice, you..."
"Me?"
Francis didn't take James's cue, but said instead: "The worst thing was when I swiped the
whiskey off the table. The smell of it... I'll tell, you I would've licked it off the floor had I not
known it was poisoned."
"You'll never have to face such temptation again.", James promised. "Even if that doesn't
work, we'll find some other way to- Good Christ, it has to work. It has to work, or else I'll go
insane."
"Maybe it already has.", Francis said.
James closed his eyes and listened to Francis's heartbeat, thundering fast but steadily against
his ear.
"He asked me... When we were in his cabin..." - both Francis and James seemed to be
similarly afflicted when it came to saying Sir John's name - "He asked me if you had seduced
me. He said he would protect me if you did."
Francis stiffened. "God, James... You have to leave. Now."
James shook his head. "Who's going to catch us? He won't."
"It doesn't matter. It's too dangerous. Come visit me on Terror and then we'll-"
Francis cut himself off with a muffled curse when James palmed his cock, already half hard
from their proximity.
James shifted his hips against Francis's side, focusing on the sensuous slide of his nightshirt
on his skin, Francis's warm heat.
"James-" Francis's tone held a note of warning, even as he was pushing against James's hand.
"I can't be alone right now.", James hissed, increasing his movements. "I don't know what I'll
do. I don't know-"
"James, we can't-"
"Please, Francis. Please, let us share something that has nothing to do with death. Neither our
own, nor his..."
Francis kissed him quickly, clearly aiming for his mouth but hitting his cheek instead.
"Please.", James said again. "I need it... I need you..."
He could feel Francis's cock twitch against his hand and a great shudder went through him.
"Hush, now.", Francis said soothingly. "Do you think you can be quiet?"

James felt himself flush. "I've some practice with it."
Francis's hand traveled down his back to cup his arse through his nightshirt, and James
ground against him as he started to stroke Francis's cock in earnest.
James already had to bite his lip to keep quiet. Francis seemed to sense this, and this time his
lips found James's mouth in a devouring kiss.
When they broke apart, James shifted so he covered Francis completely, then shoved his
nightshirt up and pawed at Francis's until he did the same, so they could be finally skin to
skin.
It took some more wiggling to get out of their smalls, but they managed it.
Never had James taken the time to luxuriate in their contact like this, and the dark and the
quiet only enhanced the sensation.
Francis kissed his neck, and James heard his breath in his ear, impossibly loud.
Francis made a sound between a sigh and his name when James rubbed himself against him,
and James closed his eyes.
It was very dark, anyway, he could only make out the outline of Francis's face before him. On
the one hand, this meant that he felt Francis's touch more acutely, but he still regretted not
being able to see him.
Their lips met again, and the kiss gained urgency at the same time as the movements of their
hips.
James was sighing into Francis's mouth by then, enjoying the silken slide of their cocks
against each other, but he wanted more.
"Francis...", he panted. "Francis, please..."
"What, my darling?", Francis whispered.
James thrust his tongue into Francis's open mouth, teeth grazing his lower lip.
"God, you'll be the death of me.", Francis groaned.
James knew that there was no dark meaning behind those words, yet still they echoed in his
mind, taunting him.
You'll be the death of me...
"No, Francis.", he replied. "I would rather give you life."
Francis didn't laugh at him, or call him trite. What they had done today had made them both
incapable of such a thing, it seemed.

"You do.", Francis said earnestly. "You do, James..."
Francis's hand came to frame James's cheek, his thumb on his chin. Without hesitation, James
sucked the digit into his mouth.
Francis, on the right track, ghosted with his other hand over the cleft of James's arse, and
James gave a moan too loud, so Francis shoved his whole hand over James's mouth.
It was a mixed success, mostly because James took the opportunity to put his tongue on
Francis's fingers, capturing them with his mouth as well.
"James...", Francis gasped.
"Fr-nn-g."
Francis used his free hand to touch every part of James he could reach, his back his arse, his
thighs, meanwhile they still ground against each other.
As the familiar-new tug of desire settled in James, he felt actually a little less horrible. He
tried to make himself the perfect vessel, the extractor of Francis's pleasure while he moved
against him in the pace he believed Francis liked best, and continued to suck on his fingers as
they explored his mouth.
Francis leant forward to kiss behind his ear, finally biting down lightly. James moaned around
his mouthful, relishing the divine mixture of pleasure and pain.
Francis pulled his fingers back, which James parted with only reluctantly.
"In me, Francis, put them in me, please, please-"
"Whisht, now...", Francis said, though his voice was shaking.
At last, James felt Francis's fingers circling his rim, and he bit his lip and rocked back against
them.
Francis was ever so careful, just putting the tip of one blunt finger inside, but James wanted it
all.
Since he shouldn't be louder than he already was, James reached behind himself, grabbed
Francis's wrist and pushed forward.
"Jesus, James!", Francis exclaimed.
Then suddenly, he shoved two fingers inside him, and James keened, muffling the sound in
Francis's shoulder.
"That how you want it?", Francis muttered.
James could only nod against Francis's skin as he rocked back against Francis's fingers.

Francis began to slip in and out of James's tight heat at a rough pace and when James keened
again, he covered his mouth with his other hand.
James was glad for it, more noises escaping him as Francis crooked his fingers, brushing
against that one spot inside him.
"So beautiful, James...", Francis murmured despite the fact that they couldn't see anything.
"You take me so well hm? So good for me..."
James felt tears spring to his eyes at the praise, was near insensate with it.
"Yes!", he hissed around Francis's hand. "Oh, yes, Francis!"
"Quiet, now.", Francis said, though he was breathless. "Be good, James, be quiet..."
James bit his lip hard enough to draw blood, also because Francis had slipped a third finger
inside him and it was almost perfect.
James nudged against Francis's cock with his own, the signal rather obvious, but Francis
didn't heed him.
"We don't have anything to-"
James whined behind Francis's hand.
"I'll not hurt you, James.", Francis said.
James pulled Francis's palm away from his mouth to whisper: "What if I want you to hurt
me?"
He could practically hear Francis's worried frown. "James-"
"Come on, Francis. I want you in me. Wouldn't you like that? Get your cock into me, so
deep-"
"James-"
"Fuck me till you spend inside me, fill me up-"
"James!", Francis said, a tad too loud. He lowered his voice and continued: "If this is some
way for you to punish yourself, know that I will not help you with that, no matter how
enticing you may make it seem."
James sighed. He honestly didn't know if he wanted to punish himself. On the other hand, he
had always enjoyed a little pain as part of his pleasure, and now told Francis so.
"You think I haven't noticed?", Francis asked, gripping James's head and pulling lightly at his
hair.
James gave a quiet groan.

"But this will hurt more than hair-pulling."
"I don't care, Francis, I need you, I need you now! Please hmmph!"
James's pleading was interrupted by Francis pulling him down and kissing him fiercely.
"I have an idea.", Francis whispered. "Down on your back."
James parted with Francis's fingers only reluctantly, but let himself obediently turned on his
back, so Francis was looming above him.
Francis kissed him again, while he trailed his fingers down and breached James once more.
James moaned into his mouth, rocking down, then Francis put his lips on his neck, his chest
(circumventing the rucked up nightshirt), down his stomach and lower belly, until his breath
was ghosting over James's cock.
"I've never done this before.", Francis said sedately.
"What do you mean? You- oh...", James stopped because Francis had licked a stripe from his
perineum to his hole, where his fingers were still buried.
Francis withdrew his fingers, but before James could protest, he replaced them with his
tongue.
James, gasping, clasped his own hand over his mouth this time as he the exquisite sensation
of Francis's ministrations washed over him.
Encouraged, Francis pressed a kiss to his hole before shoving his tongue inside again, and
James bit down a curse.
There was delicious restraint to it, trying to keep quiet while Francis assaulted that most
intimate place in him.
Francis drew back a bit and murmured: "The next time we do this, I'd like to hear your
beautiful voice."
James let his hand drop for a moment. "Oh, Francis. Oh, Fran-"
With that, Francis dove right back in, and James muffled the rest of his sounds behind his
hand.
He let himself float in pleasure for a while, rocking into Francis's face, his sharper
movements restrained by Francis's arm over his middle.
Francis's other hand came up James's side, and when he purposefully intertwined their
fingers, James could've wept for both joy and heartbreak.
The tears that sprang to his eyes brought him down from the edge again, for this kind of pain
brought with it the seriousness of their situation, what they had done.

But Francis didn't give him time to dwell on it. He pushed in his tongue as far as it would go,
and James nearly sobbed, with desire this time.
"Francis, please!", he hissed. "Please..."
Francis stopped just long enough to inquire with pretend innocence: "Please what, James?"
"Put your cock in me, right now, or I'll never forgive you.", James said with as much
authority as he could muster.
"As you wish.", Francis breathed, pressing one last kiss to James's hole.
James closed his eyes again and braced himself, widening his legs. He heard Francis spit into
his palm and for a moment wished he could see him preparing himself.
At the first nudge of Francis's cock against his entrance, James gave a great, contented sigh.
Slowly, Francis pressed inside, and it did hurt a little, a burning pain that James was far too
familiar with than was proper, of course, but James hardly cared.
"You feel divine, James.", Francis whispered, as he bottomed out.
James must've made a concerning noise, because Francis asked urgently: "Am I hurting
you?"
James squirmed in place. "Hnng- only the right amount.", he assured him. "Now, move."
"A moment, James, please.", Francis murmured. "I'm close and- Jesus..."
James smiled, even though Francis couldn't see it. Staying still was nearly impossible, but he
tried anyway, enjoying the tantalizing feeling of being filled; filled by Francis.
Finally, Francis gave an experimental thrust and James cried out, suspended between pleasure
and pain.
"Yes...", James hissed. "Oh, Francis..."
Francis groaned and snapped his hips again, while James once more tried to stifle the worst
of the sounds he made, though Francis wasn't exactly quiet either.
He soon solved this issue by pressing his lips to James's and kissing him desperately.
James fumbled for Francis's hand to intertwine their fingers again. He had the strange fear
that if he didn't hold on, he would get carried away.
Everything he'd done- and what he almost did - was still very much on his mind, as much as
he wanted Francis to purge it out of him.
Francis, who had done just as he did.

They were damned, James thought, and fucking right now would damn them still further, but
he still couldn't stop.
Then Francis changed his angle so he would hit James's sweet spot on every thrust. James
had the wind knocked out of him for a moment, and he lay there, floundering.
Francis immediately stopped. "James, am I hurting y-"
James grabbed the side of Francis's face as he gasped: "Don't stop! Don't you dare stop, oh,
God, Francis..."
Francis, blessedly, continued. James crossed his legs behind the other's back to draw him in
even deeper.
"Come on, fill me up, Francis, I want to feel you for days- hmmph!"
Francis had slammed his hand over James's mouth again, grunting and going faster, harder,
just like James wanted.
James, insensate, keened against Francis's palm. There was so much he wanted to tell
Francis. That he loved him, that it was good, so good, that he wanted to be one with him...
He hoped that Francis knew all that, but just in case he didn't, James pressed down on their
fingers and met Francis's thrusts with noises of pleasure that would be audible to him even
with his restraining hand.
Somewhere along the way, the ice around them started to shriek and groan, an event that
always felt to James, and he suspected, many others, as if the ship would fall apart at any
moment- one never really got used to it.
Right now, however, James was so far gone that even his dread enhanced his lust, and he
thought if the ship gets crushed in this very moment, I will die a happy man.
The Francis brought their tangled fingers to James's neglected cock, starting to stroke him in
concert with his thrusts.
Not long now, James thought. Not long and long and I'll be back inside the horror.
He was saying Francis's name, over and over again, and Francis buried his head inside his
neck and murmuring: "That's it, there's a good girl. That's it...", which was just delicious.
James hadn't spent much thought on the first time Francis had called him thus, how it had
delighted him, and not just because it was arousing.
It only made sense, he had just been wearing a dress at the time, playing Calpurnia. It had
been part of the game.
Now, though it wasn't a game anymore. Now James was a man who liked being called "girl",
for it touched something deep inside him that wanted to be seen and fed.

Still, James only registered this dimly over his pleasure peaking, and a few more of Francis's
murmurings had him spilling over their joined hands, arching into him with a shout
swallowed by the ice.
"God, James...", Francis gasped as James clenched around him.
"Spend in me, Francis, yes, I need it, please...", James was babbling but he didn't care.
Francis cried out, and then James felt wet heat inside him, Francis's lips on his ear and
forehead.
Francis collapsed on top of him, and James welcomed this warm weight on him, it made him
feel safe, if only for a moment.
"James.", Francis murmured.
"Yes?"
"I love you."
James smiled so widely it hurt. Francis began to move off him, but James pulled him close
with his arms.
"Stay a while."
Francis grunted. "I wasn't planning on going anywhere, Fitzjames."
James hummed and kissed Francis's neck.
"I love you, too."
Francis slowly pulled out of James, leaving a dull ache behind James would feel the next day,
he was pleased to note. Less so was the realisation of how they would explain the semen
stains on the bedding.
"You'll have to speak to Bridgens tomorrow.", James said. "Say you had a little accident
while indulging in some self-abuse. He will be discreet, I'm certain-"
"You want me to tell Mr. Bridgens what?", Francis interrupted.
"It's the best option. Or do you want Sir John to-" James stopped, shocked at himself.
There was a pregnant silence.
"He will be dead by now. If it worked.", Francis murmured.
James shuddered at the thought.
"Francis, do you-"

But before he could finish the sentence, Francis cursed. He laid down to the side of James
and said urgently: "The other time, James, oh, Lord, I think I-"
And then he was gone.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James hadn't known that it was possible to switch from bliss to naked panic that fast, but
then, panic had been at the background of his motivation that entire evening.
The total darkness of the cabin, which might have been somewhat alluring before, now only
contributed to James's disorientation, and for a moment he did nothing but fumble around for
a lamp, which he reasoned had to be somewhere.
Francis was, that James checked by pressing his fingers to his neck before he looked for the
lamp, at least still breathing.
Once James had succeeded in lighting it, he walked back to the berth, to find Francis's eyes
open, staring into nothing, as he had already suspected.
James put a hand on his shoulder, as if to shake him awake, before thinking better of it.
He tried to calm himself by recalling that Francis had thus far always woken up eventually,
and that this unsettling state wouldn't persist.
Still, he was terrified.
He wondered if he should get a doctor, definitely not Stanley, but Goodsir perhaps, would
help.
Of course, James was very, very aware of the fact that he was, just like Francis, in a state of
undress, not to mention covered in come -his own spend was drying on his belly and chest,
meanwhile Francis was quite literally leaking out of him.
It simply wouldn't be possible to walk through half the ship like that, even though James did
his best to wipe up the mess with a washcloth he miraculously found together with a basin on
the table.
Still, if he raised the alarm in any way, soon there would be questions why James had been in
Francis's cabin in the middle of the night to observe his "seizure".
James would almost have gone to Goodsir anyway, so unnerved was he by Francis's state. It
wasn't just the obvious, somehow there was a feeling attached to it, as if Francis's soul had
left his body.
And indeed, it had, for he was in the other time right now.
But after James had taken a few calming breaths, he reminded himself that so far, no doctor
had been able to do anything to help Francis; there truly seemed to be nothing to do but to
wait until it passed.

James also knew that each second he stayed in Francis's cabin, he invited danger, for he still
needed get back to his own berth unseen.
He supposed he had time until the morning watch; Sir John was a persistent early riser, and
when he wouldn't, well, rise, someone, probably Bridgens, would check on him.
Unfortunately, James had no idea what time it was; the sound of the ice was louder than the
bells, though it had abated.
He needed to wait until a bell was struck again.
He needed to wait until Francis was back, for there was no way in hell that James would
leave him here alone, no matter how wise it might've been.
After putting his smalls back on and pacing up and down the cabin a bit, he sat down next to
Francis again and took his hand.
When Francis stayed dead to the world, James lay down next to him and pillowed his head on
his chest, listening to his heartbeat again.
At least he knew now what it was that was ailing Francis, or else he wouldn't know what he
would've done.
The seconds creeped by slowly, but after a while James's exhaustion was beginning to catch
up with him.
He tried to stay awake, for Francis, yet he couldn't bring to remind himself of the horrors they
had done for fear of renewed panic.
He was halfway dozing on Francis's chest, when Francis's whole body jerked. James was
immediately wide awake and raised his head.
Francis was blinking rapidly, evidently back again.
"Francis! Can you hear me?", James asked tremolously.
Francis's eyes focused on him at last, and they immediately filled with tears.
"James...", he breathed. "Oh, James..."
He reached for him, cradled his face with a shaking hand. James looked down on Francis,
trying his best to calm him and murmur soothing words.
Francis pulled him close, weeping quietly into his hair.
"It didn't work." Those were the first coherent words Francis uttered. "He's still alive."
James felt a cold vice around his heart. "You don't know that."

"I do. By God, I do.", Francis said. "It's always, each time I'm back, because I failed to
prevent our fate. His death should've fixed it. But it isn't fixed. So he's still alive."
"What did you see?", James asked.
Francis absently stroked James's hair. "Goodsir. He's dead and they- they ate him. I, too was
ordered to... participate."
James swallowed thickly. "I see."
"Hickey was going to chain us up and make us haul. To face Tuunbaq, I expect."
James had no idea what to say to that. Hoping to convey love, he kissed Francis briefly on the
lips.
Francis suddenly took his arms and said: "James, you need to go back to your cabin while it's
still safe. As soon as someone notices something is wrong with Sir John, everyone is going to
be up and running around."
"Only if you're sure you're alright.", James replied desperately, too late realising how idiotic
these words were.
"I'm not alright.", Francis admitted. "But I've faced worse. Go, James, before anyone catches
you here!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After James had snuck back into his cabin, luckily encountering not a soul along the way, he
started to dress himself without hesitation.
There was no way that he would be able to just lie quietly in bed until the storm was upon
them.
When he was done, he sat on his chair and wondered what he should do.
After some consideration, he decided to check in on Goodsir. It must've been hard on the
assistant surgeon, helping them, and if their attempt had really failed he deserved some
forewarning.
Francis had told him about the mutiny in more detail on their way here, how he was at
Hickey's mercy in the future.
How they had started to eat each other to survive.
It was this fact more than anything that underscored for James how untenable their situation
had become.
He hadn't asked Francis what had happened to his own body. The concept of being dead in
another reality was hard enough to deal with on its own, besides, Francis had trouble talking
about that part, and James did not wish to stir his fears.

When James knocked on Goodsir's door, barely a second passed before he heard the voice of
the assistant surgeon, telling him to come in.
Goodsir was already - or perhaps still - dressed and sitting bent over a pile of books.
He looked terrible, James thought when Goodsir glanced up at him.
"Commander.", Goodsir said, his voice shaky. "How can I help you?"
"I rather wondered how I could help you.", James said. "After all you've done for us and this
expedition."
Goodsir seemed even worse at that. James wondered why his ability to use the right words
always deserted him at such crucial moments.
"It wasn't- I- I had no choice.", Goodsir said weakly.
After James had closed the door behind him, he added: "One life to save all the others.... isn't
a choice."
"I know.", James replied.
He studied Goodsir, his hunched shoulders, wondering what to say. There were a thousand
encouraging responses he could've chosen, but none of them rang true.
"I've done questionable things before.", he finally admitted. "My place on this expedition...
wasn't earned by merit. Yet it all pales in comparison to- that is, this."
Goodsir nodded. "I can't believe it has come to this, and at the same time it seems inevitable
with hindsight. We were like children, running into the night alone..."
"Harry.", James began. "I'm sorry, but there's more to come. Francis thinks it didn't work,
with the poison, and if it didn't, we need to find another way."
Goodsir stared at him. "Oh, dear."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 32: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Francis was woken by shouting voices and pattering footsteps. Of course, there were always
shouting voices and pattering footsteps on a ship, but with time the ear learned to pick up the
distinctions.
It was a miracle that he had managed to sleep at all, with everything that had happened, but it
seemed that exhaustion had won out in the end.
He hadn't wanted to send James away, yet they had been dangerously foolish already, and
Francis knew he had done the responsible thing, if not the pleasant one.
James might still have had doubts, however, as soon as Francis had dropped into the other
time, he had known their assassination attempt had failed.
So the commotion outside wasn't a surprise.
Still dressed in his nightclothes, Francis opened the door to Lieutenant Gore's former cabin,
pretending confusion.
Unfortunately, the first person he ran into, likewise still indecent, was Henry Le Vesconte,
whose berth was in the adjoining room.
"What the devil is going on?", Francis demanded of the scowling Lieutenant.
"Something's wrong with Sir John.", Le Vesconte answered. "Where is James?"
"How would I know that?", Francis said angrily.
Le Vesconte's expression replied that he was very well aware of how Francis would know
James's whereabouts, and wasn't pleased about it.
Francis left the Lieutenant standing there and made for the wardroom, then the Great Cabin,
where it was rather crowded with the presence of James, Goodsir, Mr. Hoar and Mr.
Bridgens.
"Dr. Stanley is in with him.", James told Francis. "Apparently, he's gravely ill."
Francis nodded with a scowl he hoped was believable. He didn't even need to pretend
anymore when Le Vesconte joined them, and then Fairholme.
James repeated what he'd told Francis.
No one was at ease enough to turn away and get dressed, and so they all waited for Dr.
Stanley to reappear, which he did shortly, looking as imperious as ever.

"Mr. Hoar or Mr. Bridgens, please finish cleaning up the mess in there and watch over the
patient. Mr. Goodsir, attend to me. Everyone I didn't name, get out of the way."
"What can you tell us, Doctor?", Francis asked.
"He's delirious and vomited in the night. I have no idea yet what is wrong with him, but I'm
sure I'll have it figured out soon."
"Perhaps food poisoning?", Goodsir suggested.
Stanley glared at the young assistant surgeon. "Mr. Goodsir, I should think it is obvious that it
isn't that, since no one of us who shared the meal yesterday is sick."
"Maybe a food intolerance, then-"
"Mr. Goodsir.", Dr. Stanley repeated icily. "When you have a doctorate, we'll listen to your
opinions. As it is, come with me to get my instruments from sickbay."
With that, Stanley walked briskly out of the room, a dejected Goodsir on his heels.
As Mr. Hoar and Mr. Bridgens went to work, the others exchanged confused looks.
James clapped his hands. "You heard the Doctor, people! Let's all get out of the way and
dress ourselves. I'm sure Sir John will be right as rain shortly."
Of course, James was already dressed and looked beautiful as ever, if a little sleep deprived.
Francis was the last to leave the Great Cabin, catching a glimpse of Sir John's prone form on
the bed over Hoar's shoulder.
All of their work, for nothing. Dr. McDonald's death, for nothing.
Francis took his time to dress, relishing the time alone, before he would have to start his act
again in front of the others.
Sir John stayed in serious condition all throughout the morning, as Francis gained from the
stewards and Goodsir.
Finally, James called a meeting of the officers in the wardroom.
"I think everyone will concur with me on the matter that we shouldn't cause a panic among
the crew by telling of the seriousness of Sir John's condition. To everyone outside this room,
he has food poisoning, nothing more."
Nods around the table.
"As it is, we don't know what is wrong with him yet. We will continue with business as usual,
and pray for him. I will hold his sermon tomorrow, as it looks like."
More nods.

"Francis, in the interest of acting as if nothing is amiss, I think it is best if you return to Terror
promptly, as you said you would."
"If there is nothing more I can do to help here, I will go.", Francis agreed.
He was loathe to leave James, but saw there was no other way.
"Go, Francis.", James said. "I will send Mr. Goodsir after you, when Dr. Stanley doesn't need
his assistance anymore."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The crossing was uneventful, and Francis attributed that in no small part to the figurine inside
his pocket.
On Terror, he was awaited anxiously by Little, Thomas and Jopson, though they all put up a
valiant front.
When he had them all gathered in his cabin and was about to begin, Mr. Hickey knocked on
the door with perfect timing.
Francis thought about wringing his neck as soon as he saw him, for telling Sir John about him
and James, but remembered James's words.
You need him.
Especially Edward seemed unhappy with Hickey being here, and he saw some kind of silent
conversation happening between him and Jopson.
Hickey just grinned and sat down, sure of his place as anything.
"It didn't work.", he told them all. "Sir John is gravely ill, but seems that he is going to
recover."
A long pause followed this. Hickey was the one who spoke first.
"Then you'll just have to make sure that doesn't happen, don't you?"
Francis stopped himself from throwing him a look of annoyance at his tone, and nodded
instead.
"That is, not I. It seems Sir John's fate rests in James's hands now. James's and Goodsir, who
we managed to recruit."
"You don't think Goodsir will crack under the pressure, do you?", Hickey said. "Because I
have my doubts about him."
"In a pinch, Goodsir is willing to do what is best for the expedition, surely.", Edward put in.

"I have complete trust in Dr. Goodsir. And James, as well.", Francis put the subject to rest.
"For now, all we can do is wait. If any one of you has any ideas to... complete our purpose, as
it were, please share them. Otherwise go about your business."
"We still have Carnivale.", Jopson said. "We'll have to find a way to do it then."
~~~~~~~~~~~
The hours, and then days, passed agonisingly slowly. Francis busied himself by conducting a
few magnetic observations, in so far as it was possible on the ship, and otherwise reading.
James had left the Complete Works of Shakespeare on Terror, and soon Francis found himself
rifling through it, and coming to a stop, as always, at Julius Caesar.
"Here's a better book for ya.", Thomas Blanky proclaimed, throwing a volume at Francis,
who was sitting brooding over Antony's speech.
It was strange, but Francis saw James in that speech more so than in the one that Brutus had
held before Antony.
Francis picked the book off the table and looked at it.
"Sir John Barrow's The Eventful History of the Mutiny and Piratical Seizure of the HMS
Bounty, it's Causes and Consequences." Francis sighed. "Really, Thomas?"
Blanky shrugged. "I thought you might learn something by reading it."
"As it happens, I already read this book.", Francis said. "And I don't see at all how it applies
to our situation. We aren't in the South Pacific, and Sir John Franklin is not William Bligh."
"And you aren't Fletcher Christian?", Thomas replied with a raised eyebrow.
"I'm not in love with a woman on Tahiti. Sir John did not heap abuse on me. I'm not about to
found my own pirate colony on King William Land, for Christ's sake."
"But you are standing up against tyranny, in a sense, don't you? Or else you wouldn't be so
obsessed with ol' Julius Caesar now, would you?"
Francis had no reply to that.
"Speaking of people you're in love with-"
Francis huffed. "We were not talking in any way about-"
"Heard anything from Fitzjames?"
"You know as much as I.", Francis said.
Of course, they got reports from Erebus, but they were few, on account of the beast on the
ice. It seemed that Sir John was still ill and James was acting Captain during his

convalesence.
He had held a sermon a few days back that had been very well received.
Francis mostly tried to push thoughts of James as far away as he could, as to not lose his
mind.
He wished he could do something, anything but this tortuous waiting, but he knew he would
make everything worse if he crossed over to Erebus.
He certainly couldn't poison Sir John a second time without someone picking up on the
connection, and Thomas had told him that the effect he had on James, perhaps wouldn't be
beneficial to their mission, as it were.
"I thought you might have a way of communicating telepathically by now.", Thomas said
now. "Stranger things have happened."
"I wish it were so.", Francis replied.
The separation from James hurt, deep in his heart. It was also hard for him to accept that he
had gone from not wanting to burden James with any of this to James being entirely
responsible for the success of their plan.
"We should make a plan. For the Carnivale.", Blanky said. "I can go over to check in with the
Commander, saying I need to confer with Mr. Reid."
Francis nodded, but before they could get to it, there was a knock on the door.
"Mr. Goodsir is here.", Jopson informed them.
"Send him in."
Shortly, Harry Goodsir was standing before them, a dejected expression on his face.
"I was told to stay permanently on Terror, Captain, now that the worst has passed."
"And what does 'the worst has passed' exactly mean?", Blanky inquired, when Francis didn't
say anything.
Goodsir shot an anxious look to the closed door.
"Come on, sit down, Doctor.", Francis told him in soothing tones. "Thomas is a friend.
Everything you say will stay inside this cabin."
Goodsir nodded and sat down. "So, Sir John is still alive, obviously.", he began. "We did
everything we could to- negate that fact, as it were, but it was too difficult."
"With we, you mean-"
"Myself and James- Commander Fitzjames, yes."

Goodsir paused, staring at his hands. At length, he said: "Poisoning is not going to work. Not
with Dr. Stanley there. He watches over Sir John like a hound over sheep. Moreover, he
watches over the medical supplies. I was able to give Sir John a little more of the mandragora
when he'd almost recovered, but that just made him worse again without killing him. He's
recovering from that, now."
"Does Stanley suspect something?", Blanky asked.
Goodsir considered. "I had worried about that, but it seems that- that even if he does suspect,
deep down, his conscious mind won't accept the truth. He is not... well, no matter how he
pretends otherwise. I fear that he might- become some kind of problem."
Francis frowned. "How do you mean?"
"I don't know. All I have is a vague feeling... I told the Commander to watch him, but frankly
I don't think we can expect him to do all the work for us. No one man could. I would've
stayed on Erebus, had not both Sir John and Dr. Stanley sent me away."
Francis's worries about James grew quite a lot when he heard this. He thought about finding a
way to call James here, to get him away from the situation on Erebus, no matter how unwise
it was for their cause.
He felt angry and powerless, hating himself for the disaster he had put into motion. Even if
there was no other way, he hated himself.
~~~~~~~~~~
He came to Francis in the middle of the night, not unlike the time on Erebus, though Francis
wasn't in bed, but sitting at his table, reading about the mutiny on the Bounty, because he
couldn't stand Julius Caesar anymore.
Francis had always been interested in the Bounty affair, because as a boy he had been to
Pitcairn Island, where the surviving mutineers had founded their "pirate colony", as he'd put
it.
Only one of the original mutineers had been still alive at that point, and Francis had been
quite disappointed to find him a man prematurely aged and of unimposing stature.
He hadn't talked to him personally, just been present at a few dinners that had hosted him.
Francis had been more impressed with the mutineers' children, who were good-looking and
seemingly happy with their lot in life, at least the boys, who he mingled with.
Maybe he should try to emulate the Bounty affair, though the results for the mutineers had
been mixed at best, and most damning for his situation, Lieutenant Bligh had survived the
mutiny against him...
Sleep would probably elude Francis, since his need for a drink was burning. Francis knew it
tended to get worse when he didn't distract himself and tried to sleep despite it.

But he told himself he would stay strong, for James, and all that he was going through so they
could make it home.
He was so focused on the book that he flinched when someone opened his door without
knocking.
James stepped inside and closed the door just as matter-of-factly as he had opened it. He was
in the process of unbuttoning his greatcoat, but stopped when their eyes met.
For a moment, Francis had no words, not even a greeting.
He had imagined many things he might say to James when he saw him again, but none of
them made it past his lips this moment.
Francis took it all in, the circles under James's eyes, his hunched shoulders. The posture of a
man defeated, where it not for the noonday-blaze in his eyes as he surveyed Francis right
back.
Slowly, as if sudden movement would spook him away, reveal him to be naught but an
apparition of Francis's wants and desires, Francis rose and stepped towards him.
James didn't move, yet when Francis touched his shoulder, he gave a great sigh.
"Christ, James...", Francis muttered.
Before he could say anything else, James kissed him.
His lips were cold, revealing that he must've been outside until not long previously, and it
was this that made Francis more convinced that the man before him was, in fact, real.
Francis drew back to say something, but James didn't let up, kissing Francis deeply, teeth
grazing his lower lip and then sucking on his tongue as soon as it peeked out.
Francis gave a deep groan, pulling James closer by the lapels of his coat.
Still, he tried to ease away to speak.
"James- Jam-hmmpf..."
James made a sound like a growl as his hands roamed Francis's body, stroking his sides,
kneading his arse.
Francis was quite powerless in the face of such an assault; never in his life had been desired
so wildly, so completely and he mostly felt astonishment while James's questing hands tried
to divest him of his clothes.
Finally, James lips left Francis's mouth to nip at his neck instead, and Francis gasped: "James,
what in the hell-"

He didn't like how wrecked his voice sounded already, and cleared his throat. "Christ,
James.", he repeated. Then, when James started to paw at his prick: "James, stop. Good Lord,
stop."
James drew back immediately, his gaze dark and unyielding.
"I haven't seen you in almost two weeks.", Francis said. "Surely we need to talk, before we-"
James took his face in both hands and hissed: "I'm utterly, utterly sick of talking, Francis. I
hate this, I hate-" His voice broke, his eyes filling with tears.
"James.", Francis whispered and grabbed his neck to pull him close, so their foreheads rested
together.
"This has to stop.", James said, pleading. "Please, I can't- I can't!"
"It will stop.", Francis assured him. "We will do it at the Carnivale, me and the others, and
you'll have to do nothing, nothing at all. I promise."
James drew a shaking breath. "Do not perjure yourself, Francis. He doesn't trust anyone right
now, except Stephen and me- and you need someone he trusts, don't you?"
"Does he suspect anything?", Francis asked, not liking the sound of this.
"I don't know. He's sick, and doesn't want to accept it. I'm sure you will find it very funny that
Stephen slips mandragora into his tea to make him sleep, which of course makes everything
worse."
"Dear God.", Francis murmured.
"At this rate, I'm more worried that Stephen will find out... He would've already were there
not something in his being that rails against it."
"James, what can I do to help?", Francis asked urgently. "How can I ease your burden?"
James kissed him again, briefly this time. "Read Julius Caesar with me?"
Francis swallowed, feeling lost in James's dark gaze. "Which scene?"
James's thumb ghosted across his lips. "You know which scene, dear Cassius."
Francis nodded, a hot shiver creeping down his spine. He had read the scene in Brutus's tent
on his own quite a few times, but it had never lost its forbidden mystique.
James left off him and plucked the Complete Works of Shakespeare off the table, where it had
been lying next to the Bounty story.
"Look for the right page.", James told Francis. "I'm going to undress."

Francis raised an eyebrow. "I'm not sure I have the... constitution to read that scene with you
in the nude, James."
James rolled his eyes. "I mean take off my coat, you old lech." He considered, then added: "I
would be naked for you, but unfortunately it's too cold for that."
Francis sighed fondly and pulled James in for another quick kiss before looking for the page.
He sat down on the bunk and patted the place next to him, while James threw his coat over
the chair. Both of them took their boots off.
Perhaps Francis should ask him more about the situation, when he had to be back on Erebus,
but he saw it as equally important that James kept his wits about him, and if he needed Julius
Caesar to do that, then Julius Caesar he would get.
They didn't read the scene leading up to the fight, since they both knew it, and Francis began
right away with: "That you have wronged me doth appear in this:
You have condemned and noted Lucius Pella For taking bribes here of the Sardians, Wherein
my letters, praying on his side Because I knew the man, was slighted off."
James dragged his lower lip between his teeth, and squared his shoulders, then
said:"You wronged yourself to write in such a case."
Francis and James were certainly used to exchanging barbs with each other, to fight under the
thin veil of polite pretense, yet this fight was unlike anything they had ever done before, at
least it felt that way to Francis.
They were truly not Francis and James in these moments, but Brutus and Cassius, and though
Francis would never have admitted it, least of all to James, there was something thrilling
about assuming another role like that.
When James said: "Let me tell you, Cassius, you yourself Are much condemned to have an
itching palm,
To sell and mart your offices for gold
To undeservers.", Francis felt indignation rise in him on behalf of Cassius, who he had grown
quite attached to in the course of reading the play.
"I an itching palm? You know that you are Brutus that speaks this, Or, by the gods, this
speech were else your last.", Francis hissed back at James, very much feeling the sentiment.
James's eyes were glowing, and he looked angry, but magnificent in his anger. Francis's
breath was taken away when he watched him -Francis himself could never hope to match
him, he thought.
"Remember March, the Ides of March remember!", James snapped at him. "Did not great
Julius bleed for justice’ sake?
What villain touched his body that did stab And not for justice? What, shall one of us That
struck the foremost man of all this world But for supporting robbers, shall we now
Contaminate our fingers with base bribes And sell the mighty space of our large honors For

so much trash as may be grasped thus? I had rather be a dog and bay the moon Than such a
Roman."
It took Francis a moment to reply, so in awe was he of James's performance. He had the
inkling that James was putting all of the last days' frustration into it, and it was mesmerizing
to watch.
"Brutus, bait not me. I’ll not endure it. You forget yourself To hedge me in. I am a soldier, I,
Older in practice, abler than yourself To make conditions.", Francis said at last.
He did catch the parallels there; James was younger than him, and he also had less experience
in the Arctic.
"Go to! You are not, Cassius!"
"I am."
"I say you are not!"
They went back and forth like this for a while. James was, again, hardly looking at the text
anymore. His eyes were burning into Francis's and after some struggle Francis just let himself
be carried away, into this different world, with James by his side.
When it became to much, he could always take a break and look at the text, though he was
actually getting annoyed at the many times he had to look down and be separated from
James's gaze.
Then James threw at him: "By the gods,
You shall digest the venom of your spleen
Though it do split you. For, from this day forth, I’ll use you for my mirth, yea, for my
laughter, When you are waspish."
Francis felt a prickle of unease, for these words seemed tailored to his own insecurities exact.
Had he not spent months, bearing, even fearing, James's ridicule?
Had he not hated the other for silently laughing at him, mocking him, assuming James looked
down on him in disgust?
Francis reminded himself that they were play-acting, but he had a hard time telling their roles
and their selves apart, for all the complicated emotions between them.
Francis swallowed and whispered: "Is it come to this?"
James, or rather Brutus, wasn't done: "You say you are a better soldier. Let it appear so, make
your vaunting true, And it shall please me well. For mine own part,
I shall be glad to learn of noble men."
Francis fixed his eyes on the text, seeing it as the only way not to lose himself in his role as
well.

"You wrong me every way, you wrong me, Brutus. I said an elder soldier, not a better.
Did I say “better”?"
"If you did, I care not.", James spat back at him.
It was a vicious argument, Francis thought. He hadn't quite taken it all in, upon his own readthroughs, so much focused had he been on the reconciliation.
In his preoccupation, Francis skipped a few lines next, caught as he was by: "Do not presume
too much upon my love.
I may do that I shall be sorry for."
One could read I may do that I shall be sorry for as Cassius threatening to do violence to
Brutus, but Francis, with his own, same as Cassius's, suicidal disposition in mind, interpreted
it differently.
James, or rather Brutus, however did not see it. "You have done that you should be sorry for.
There is no terror, Cassius, in your threats, For I am armed so strong in honesty That they
pass by me as the idle wind, Which I respect not."
Brutus's continuing diatribe about bribery and Cassius's failings served as a welcome
reminder to Francis that this was just a play, and not reality.
James wasn't angry with him - though, Francis knew, he had every right to be.
When Francis arrived at "You love me not.", he felt his heart beat faster again.
"I do not love your faults.", James returned.
"A friendly eye could never see such faults.", Francis said.
"A flatterer’s would not, though they do appear As huge as high Olympus."
And then came Cassius's impassioned speech, which Francis delivered with no small amount
of zeal; he'd had a taste of Cassius's desperation in that moment, a desperation that mirrored
his own.
"Come Antony, and young Octavius, come! Revenge yourselves alone on Cassius, for Cassius
is weary of the world: Hated by one he loves; braved by his brother; checked like a
bondman; all his faults observed, set in a note-book, learned and conned by rote, to cast into
my teeth. Oh, I could weep mine spirit from mine eyes!"
At the word "brother", Francis had to think of James in the other time, when he'd said: "Are
we brothers, Francis?"
It didn't surprise him that Cassius and Brutus called each other brothers, even though they felt
so much more for each other.
There was a refuge to be sought in that word, something proper and right that a lover could
never be.

Francis was overcome, and he had to pause; James was staring at him wildly, a look of fierce
concentration on his face.
And this time, Francis was the one to slide to his - albeit protesting - knees.
"There is my dagger, and here my naked breast; within, a heart dearer than Pluto's mine,
richer than gold: if that thou be'st a Roman, take it forth. I, that denied thee gold, will give
my heart: Strike, as thou didst at Caesar; for I know, when thou didst hate him worst, thou
lov'dst him better than ever thou lov'dst Cassius!"
In the absence of a dagger, Francis had grabbed James hand and brought it to his chest over
his heart.
There was a pause, in which they both stared at each other, something passing between them.
"Sheathe your dagger. Be angry when you will, it shall have scope. Do what you will,
dishonor shall be humor. Oh Cassius, you are yoked with a lamb That carries anger as the
flint bears fire, Who, much enforced, shows a hasty spark And straight is cold again.", James
read breathlessly, then passed the text down to Francis.
Francis didn't want to read the scene anymore. He wanted to speak to James, not Brutus, with
his own words. But perhaps, Cassius's lines were indeed the best thing to say in this situation,
perhaps they lend Francis a way to express himself without obstacle.
And so he said: "Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus When grief
and blood ill-tempered vexeth him?", the possessive article not escaping him.
"When I spoke that, I was ill-tempered too.", James said softly, without even glancing at the
text.
Francis, too knew the next words: "Do you confess so much? Give me your hand!"
Their hands were already clasped, but James merely put his other hand atop them.
"And my heart, too.", he whispered, sliding off the berth to kneel next to Francis.
Francis used his free hand to cup James's cheek. A tear escaped his eye that Francis caught
with his finger.
"Oh, Brutus.", was all Francis managed to say. "James-"
"Shhh. Kiss me.", James breathed, his eyes glowing.
Francis could do nothing but obey. Their lips met in a desperate clash, and for a moment
there was nothing but this, and Francis forgot that his knees hurt and they were in an
undignified huddle on the floor.
Francis had thought about what they'd done together on the night of the poisoning, how he
had been inside James, and how divine it had felt, and how much pleasure James had
obviously derived from it.

Would they do it again now? Or would it be something else?
James drew back first and said: "On the bed."
With a great groan, Francis rose, ignoring James's hand to help pull himself up and using his
trusted cane instead.
They sat on the bed again, and to Francis's surprise, James put the book in his lap.
"Not quite done, I think.", he said. "If we've read the whole fight, we need the reconciliation."
Francis saw his point. "Oh, Brutus!", he read again.
"What's the matter?", James asked. His hands were wandering places, driving Francis near
insane.
"Have not you love enough to bear with me When that rash humor which my mother gave me
Makes me forgetful?", Francis read.
James kissed his cheek and whispered in his ear: "Yes, Cassius, and from
henceforth, when you are over-earnest with your Brutus, he'll think your mother chides, and
leave you so."
Francis felt a warmth spread inside him at the words, along with his desire. He was about to
ask whether they were going to skip the poet's entrance, when James suddenly seized him by
the shoulders, pushed him down on the bed and climbed on top of him.
The book clattered to the floor, but it seemed their patience with the text was truly at an end.
James kissed Francis fiercely, his hands roaming Francis's body. Francis found that it never
got old, being desired like this. Francis thought again of the last time they'd been together.
"Did you feel me there, afterwards?", he asked breathlessly.
"Yes, good Christ yes, I did...", James moaned. "I couldn't sit down without being reminded
of you..."
Francis wanted to apologize for maybe hurting James, but James crashed their lips together
before he could, kissing him greedily.
It was everything; their love for each other, as well as reading that scene. Francis thought he
had felt a touch of Cassius's yearning, and he imagined them, finally meeting as lovers after
that fateful fight; the first and last time together before battle.
And it was like this with James as well, now. Francis was sure that James risked a lot to come
here, and it wouldn't be possible again until the Carnivale.
Francis could only hope that their story would have a better ending than that of Brutus and
Cassius.

They were to preoccupied with kissing to even get their clothes off properly, especially James
seemed unwilling to part with Francis for just a moment so he could fumble with his buttons,
which Francis tried anyway, with limited success.
"Francis...", James whispered against his lips. "Francis, I want-"
"What, my love? I'll give it, anything."
"We will end it.", James said, taking his hand. "We will end it, together."
Francis remembered what James had told him weeks ago: You can't bear my soul for me.
It hurt to admit that that was true.
"Yes.", Francis whispered. "Yes, James-"
James kissed him again, pressing down nearly painfully on their intertwined fingers.
"I missed you.", James continued. "I missed you so much. Shall I show you?"
A hot shiver went down Francis's spine. He stared at James, arrested, as the other started to
unbotton his waistcoat.
"The things I imagined doing to you...", James said, in a low, filthy tone.
Done with the waistcoat, James pushed up Francis's shirt and unhooked his braces.
Francis was sure he was read as tomato by now, his freckles standing out. How anyone could
find this attractive was beyond him, but the way James stared at him left now doubts as to
where his affections lay.
"Wh-what did you imagine?", Francis asked, hating the quaver in his voice.
James dipped down to kiss and nibble at his chest. "It was rather tame at first.", he said. "But
then, after every day I had to stand in the company of the man I'm going to kill, and his
watchdog of a Doctor, it got rather more... interesting."
Even turned on as he was, Francis felt the ever present stab of guilt. "James, if you want to
talk about- oh, God-"
Francis broke off because James had sucked his nipple into his mouth and grazed it with his
teeth.
"I do not.", James whispered against his skin.
Francis touched his cheek, then tangled his fingers in his soft hair. James hissed like a cat
when Francis pulled at it.
"Yesss...."
Before Francis could urge him up to kiss him again, James descended on his chest once more.

"I wish I could draw you like this.", James remarked, seemingly innocently, after he had
sucked a red mark on Francis's right pectoral and Francis lay gasping.
"Touched as I am- oh- I don't think this is a good idea...", Francis replied in as level a voice
as he could manage.
"You saw how I drew you before?", James asked.
Francis nodded. He had spoken the truth, James drawing him - naked or not - left him deeply
touched.
"You see, I spoke about you making me yours before...", James continued, letting go of
Francis's hand to open his trousers. "But over the last weeks, I rather thought about doing it
the other way around..."
Francis shuddered when James exposed his cock to the cool air, eyeing it like a predator its
prey.
"Anything you want, James.", Francis whispered as he still tried not to seem too affected, for
all the good it did him.
James grinned, a savage thing, and started to stroke him. "Even if I want to have you over the
wardroom table?"
Francis felt his blush, which had lessened, return with full force.
"Happy to oblige...", Francis gasped out. "It's just..."
James looked at him through his lashes. "What?"
"I've never- I've never been buggered before."
James frowned, but didn't stop his lazy strokes. "You wouldn't like to?"
"I do, I do.", Francis hurried to assure him. "I haven't had as many opportunities as you, I
suppose..."
Francis didn't mean anything by it, but he suddenly had to think of Henry Le Vesconte, and
the things he and James must've done together, all the way to China.
James read it all on his face, of course.
"Christ, you really are like Cassius.", James said.
This served only to stoke the jealous fire inside Francis to a blaze.
"I just don't see how you can give your affections so easily."
Maybe he shouldn't have said something like that while James still had his cock in his hand,
as it was, he didn't draw away but tightened his grip almost to the point of pain.

"It is never easy, Francis, to live with inclinations such as mine. I should think you know it
very well yourself, or else you wouldn't be so new to all this, hm?"
It was decidedly unfair that James started frig him again, watching Francis moan and sigh
and squirm under him.
"Peace, James.", Francis finally, reluctantly conceded.
"Peace?", James repeated, eyes wild. "Oh, I won't give you peace, Francis."
His expression alone was enough to make Francis shiver and spurt wetness all over James's
hand, which James registered with a dark chuckle.
Francis hated this position - hated how much he loved it. It also didn't escape his notice that
James was still fully dressed, brass buttons shining in the lamp light.
It excited Francis as much as it left him wanting.
Francis tried to pull James down for a kiss, but James didn't permit it, licking his lips instead
as he started stroking again, much too slowly.
"James...", Francis pleaded, yet James didn't heed him.
"Do you mean to make me beg?", Francis forced out at last.
Francis would never have thought he could be brought to such a point. But this was James,
and for James he would do anything.
James smiled sweetly. "Why would you need to beg? Is what I'm doing not to your liking?"
Francis pulled at his hair. "You're a terror.", he replied.
James's response to that was to bend down and take him into his mouth. Francis let out a
muffled curse, as James flicked over him with his tongue, teasing again.
Francis was aching with it, and felt his pride melting away by the second. Besides, tonight
James deserved everything he wanted, and still it wouldn't be enough to cancel out Francis's
debt.
"Please, James... please...", he begged.
James left off him for a moment. "Please what, Francis?", he asked in a rough voice.
Francis found the words tumbling out of him before he could stop them: "Please, forgive me.
Forgive me for my jealousy, and my anger, and what I'm making you do... Please, forgive
me..."
James looked at him for a beat, then said softly: "In this I bury all unkindness, Cassius."

Before Francis could think of something to reply, James had taken him into his mouth again
and started sucking.
"Christ-"
Francis tried to hold the look in James's eyes, but his neck protested and he fell back upon his
pillow.
James didn't complain, but began to bob up and down, taking in as much as he could.
Francis's one hand was still tangled in his hair and he used it to pull James away when he
heard a gagging sound. James, however, dove right back in. He also started rutting against
Francis's leg, a relief Francis was only too happy to provide.
James was taking him in greedily, staking his claim, and Francis loved it.
He wasn't capable of speech save James's name, and took care to be as quiet as he could.
His hand wandered from James's hair to his cheek, which was wet. Alarmed, Francis tried to
draw back, no matter how sinfully good it felt, but James made a sound like a growl that
Francis felt most intimately and kept going.
He fumbled for Francis's other hand and squeezed once, as if to say, I'm alright.
Francis soon fought the need to keep his hips still, until James left of him long enough to
whisper in a sore voice: "Do it, Francis. I want you to."
Francis was lost, then. He still took a moment to get his bunched up pillow under his neck so
he could look at James, before the other closed his lips around his cock once more.
Francis started thrusting into his mouth, slowly, sighing James's name all the while.
He brushed the tears off James's cheek with one hand while pulling his hair with the other,
and really the best thing about this were James's own muffled moans.
It didn't take long until he was close, and he told James so with shaking breath. James made
no attempt do draw back and so Francis spent down his throat with a great shudder.
James swallowed around his cock and kept his mouth on him until he softened, before
hauling himself upward to kiss Francis.
His arms suddenly full of James, the taste of himself between them, Francis let his hand roam
over the other's uniform, trying to find a way under.
James let out a broken howl and rubbed himself against Francis's belly. Understanding his
need, Francis fumbled with his trousers to draw him out, all the while still pulling him close
by his shoulders.
Once he had James's cock in hand, he started to stroke as best he could at this angle, as James
continued to kiss him like a man starving.

"That's it, that's it, come for me...", Francis breathed inside his mouth. "Beautiful, aren't you?
My pretty girl..."
James finished with a keen over his hand and belly, then sank against Francis, boneless.
Francis put his clean hand around him and let him doze for a moment.
"I don't want to go back.", James murmured, the words slightly slurred from exhaustion. "But
I have to..."
"Stay.", Francis said. "Rest a while. After being away from Terror so long, surely no one will
suspect if you stay a little longer..."
James gave a great sigh. "Francis, you don't know, but it's been..." He trailed off.
"What?"
"It's Sir John. He wants me at his side nearly constantly. I can barely get away from him
because of my duties as acting Captain, let alone to go over here. Dundy and Fairholme do
most of my work between them, while I am forced to read the Bible to a man I've tried to
kill."
Francis didn't like all this one bit. "Why is he so dependent on you, you think?"
"I don't know. At first I thought he suspected something, but now I'm sure it isn't that. And
then there's Stephen..."
Francis drew back to look James in the face. "Does he suspect something?"
"I think he does. Goodsir had a hell of a lot to do, to take him off the scent of the mandragora.
But at the same time, he refuses to accept it. He's thrown himself in the task of keeping Sir
John alive at all costs."
James sighed again, then backed away from Francis. "I really need to go."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

I just wanted to give them a good time before it's, ahem, stab Caesar time, as it were...

Chapter 33: The Carnivale I
The nights leading up to the Carnivale had been surprisingly clear, and so the men could
work on erecting the tents for their celebration into the first sunrise of the year.
Sir John wouldn't be joining them. He was still much weakened, and he had never been
personally fond of this sort of thing, especially the disguising part.
James himself had been by the last events much cheated out of his fun over the Carnivale,
and he had haphazardly decided to use the Calpurnia dress with a matching mask.
It was really the least of his problems, considering what they were planning to do on that day.
"Commander?", Mr Bridgens's voice threw James out of his thoughts. He had been eating a
quick lunch in his cabin, and he had neither noticed that he left the door open nor the
Steward's approach.
"What can I do for you, Mr. Bridgens?", James asked, not even bothering to hide his
exhaustion.
To his surprise, Mr. Bridgens smiled at him in a secretive way. "Will you come with me for a
moment?"
Mystified, James nodded and followed Bridgens to his own quarters.
"I had noticed that with everything going on, you didn't have time to make a disguise for
yourself, and also, Mr. Jopson from Terror spoke to me of a similar problem, and that led to
an idea...", Bridgens said, pulling a folded sailcloth from under his berth. "This is for you,
sir."
James took the cloth, and at Bridgens's urging, set it down on the table and unwrapped it. At
the top lay a silver diadem he had already seen in the stores and found very beautiful. He
supposed he would've found something to wear with it had he had the time.
After examining the diadem, James put it aside to look at the rest of it. He spied a folded,
silk-like cloth in a dark green color. When he lifted it, it looked more blue-grey, and as he
unfolded it it turned out to be multiple layers of cloth sewn together at the top, that fell over
each other in shimmering waves. It took him a moment to discern that the whole thing was a
dress. A splendid, magical dress.
"The Lady of the Lake.", Bridgens said softly. "I thought it would fit you, sir. But if you don't
want it, I can always-"
"Oh, I want it.", James hurried to assure him. He was deeply touched that Bridgens would go
through so much trouble for him. And with such beautiful results. "It's - splendid, Mr.
Bridgens. Thank you."

Bridgens smiled. "I'm glad to hear it. I know you couldn't be much part of the preparations,
but the men really did their all. And you should honor that with a good costume,
Commander."
"Quite right.", James said.
He felt very mellow, all of a sudden. It must be the anticipation. For even if he looked
beautiful, it would still be the most horrible day of his life, he was sure.
"What will you be going as?", James asked.
"Oh, it's going to be more minimalist in my case, I'm afraid.", Bridgens replied. "But then,
I'm not the acting Captain."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"I'm sorry for keeping you here so long, James.", Sir John said when James turned the page.
"I'm sure you want to join the others."
"If it's what you want, sir, I'll stay with you here all night.", James answered.
He was too tightly wound up even to be nervous. He hadn't slept in days. Dundy had been
shooting him weirds looks ever since breakfast, but James had brushed him off effectively.
Finally he had ordered him to lead the men to the tents and begin without him.
"Are you sure you're alright, James?", Dundy had asked, as they were, unfortunately, alone.
Dundy was already dressed in his, while James's costume was still lying folded on his bed.
"I'm fine. Just exhausted from, you know, everything."
Dundy nodded sceptically. "Well, ask Sir John to let you go soon. You need some fun, James,
and promptly."
James forced a grin. "Aye, aye, sir."
Now, Erebus was empty of men except for James and Sir John. Even those on watch had
been relieved because of the Carnivale. Or so James had thought, when suddenly Dr. Stanley
appeared in the doorway.
"I'm going to join the others now, Captain.", he said. "I was just wondering if there was
anything else I can do for you."
"Thank you, Doctor.", Sir John said. "But I'm really quite well, compared to the last days.
And James is more than equipped to take care of me."
Dr. Stanley only reluctantly turned away, and obviously still had to get into his costume.
James hoped he would hurry. The last thing they needed was Dr. Stanley around for what was
about to happen.

"Shall I read from the Old Testament again?", James asked, hoping it wouldn't be Job.
"Wait a moment. Mr. Bridgens told me he made you a costume.", Sir John said. "Very kind of
him, considering that I have been keeping you from it. Why don't you change? I'm not going
to keep you much longer."
James felt strangely reluctant to obey. He didn't want Sir John to see him in a dress, he
realised. He shook his head to dispel such childish notions and went to his cabin, where the
Lady of the Lake costume was still lying on his bed.
"Right.", James said to his empty cabin.
He tried to just shrug the dress on and not think too much of it, but it turned out he had to be
careful with the fabric, and also when he touched the dress a frission of excitement went
down his spine despite himself.
He got out of his uniform and thought dimly that perhaps it was a good thing, not to be
wearing his uniform for what was about to happen.
The dress had no opening at the back - good Lord, had Bridgens made him an entire dress? and so James had to pull it over his head. As he arranged the flowing fabric around himself,
he caught his gaze in the small mirror across.
Carefully, he picked up the diadem and fixed it on his forehead, then stepped back to look at
as much himself as he could in the glass.
James had to swallow. He did look stunning, there were no other words for it. The dress had
an ethereal quality to it, shimmering seductively all around him. The diadem matched it to
perfection.
Only James's expression was tired and worn and didn't fit the occasion at all.
James registered the haggard quality he had to himself, even though he hadn't starved yet, the
deep circles under his eyes.
No wonder Dundy didn't believe him when he said he was fine.
Unable to look any longer, James turned away and sat on his bed to get his boots back on.
Sir John was halfway dressed and sitting up in bed, right where James left him.
His eyes widened when he took in James in the dress. James did his best not to squirm.
"Let me guess. Queen Guinevere.", Sir John said.
"Almost right. The Lady of the Lake."
"Interesting. I wonder how Mr. Bridgens got the idea, to cast a man like you, handsome, but
definitely a man, in such a role.", Sir John mused.

"Well, that's the purpose of disguise, isn't it? To be something you're not.", James replied.
"And apparently, Bridgens conferred with Mr. Jopson on Terror."
Sir John hummed and gestured to the chair beside his bed. As James sat down, he realised it
was almost time, now.
"Sir, I wonder if you might be persuaded to make an appearance at the festivities after all. Go
with me later.", he said.
They had decided that the best chance of Sir John agreeing would be for James to make a
spontaneous suggestion like that.
"But I don't have a costume.", Sir John protested. "No, James, I'd rather stay here."
"I doubt Francis has a proper costume either. And besides, it would invigorate the men. They
have seen so little of you as of last."
"That is true.", Sir John conceded.
James forced a smile, something he had grown quite adept at. "Besides, someone has to make
sure we don't descend into Sodom and Gomorrah."
"I was rather hoping you would-"
Sir John stopped at the sound of footsteps in the gangway.
"Has Stephen still not left?", he asked.
James shrugged, ignoring the wild beating of his heart. Until now, Sir John had never brought
up what he had asked James on the night of the poisoning. James rather hoped he had
forgotten it. But there was a certain look in his eye whenever Francis was spoken of that told
James that he was probably dreaming.
Then there were the fits of paranoia that came over Sir John so quickly and left him a
completely different man.
"I'm going to see who it is.", James said and rose.
When James opened the door to the Great Cabin, his eyes were caught by Francis, just
getting out of his slops. He was wearing a long, dark red robe, and beneath his cap, a coil of
thin ropes that were probably meant to signify white hair. He had also let himself grow a
beard, which had no right to look as good on him as it did.
James stared at him, so utterly surprised that he was wearing a costume that he didn't make
the connection instantly. Only when Francis raised his head too and looked at him did he
remember his own get up.
"So Jopson and Bridgens have been conspiring, I see.", James said, when Francis just gazed
at him with a dumbstruck expression. "Merlin."

Francis walked over to him and took his hand. "Lady of the Lake.", he breathed.
They looked at each other in silent understanding, which was fittingly broken by Sir John's
voice: "Who is it, James?"
"Francis.", James called back.
They went into Sir John's cabin, where Sir John surveyed Francis with a critical eye.
"Well, at least you remained the right gender. Though I'm not sure about that beard."
"I will shave it off after this night, sir.", Francis assured him. "As it was, since Jopson made
my costume, he simply refused to shave me a few days ago, and I heeded him."
"We had thought you wouldn't come up with something that elaborate on your own.", Sir
John said.
Francis nodded.
James could vividly picture Francis's reluctance to don Jopson's costume, which he probably
had only gotten over because he didn't want to disappoint Jopson.
"So, Francis, why are you here?", Sir John asked.
James really didn't like his tone, which was colder than the ice outside.
It was this that made James aware of their situation again. Of course, they could do it right
now. Between the two of them, they would be able to overpower Sir John easily.
They could smother him with his pillow, just as James had already thought about doing the
night of the poisoning.
But that wasn't the plan.
They needed to make it look like an accident, and keep suspicion from falling on them.
In the time that had passed, James had let go of most of his moral reservations. He still had
them, still thought that what they were doing was monstrous, but the last weeks had been so
strenuous on his nerves that he had started to hate Sir John a little.
Constantly being by his side, caring for him, had made his teeth stand on edge with
frustration.
He had found himself thinking please, please just die already. I can't stand this anymore.
Though, however much he hated Sir John, he would always hate himself more.
He hated that he couldn't think anything any more besides: Soon it will be over, and over
would mean the death of his Captain and mentor.

He wondered what Francis thought. He had always been easier to read, James supposed, and
now he was exuding calm decisiveness.
What had cost him that surety?
The other time, ravaging his mind?
Speaking of, had Francis visited the other time since they last saw each other?
"I came to get you, Captain.", Francis said, yanking James out of his thoughts. "I thought that
the crew needs a show of unity between us, and this is the perfect opportunity."
James couldn't breathe as Sir John considered.
"James said something similar.", he spoke at last. "It is true that the crew hasn't seen much of
me as of late. I didn't want them to see me in this weakened state..."
"But you are much better already, yes?", James put in. "Just a short appearance in front of the
men won't do any harm."
"Most of them will be too drunk to notice anything amiss, also.", Francis said.
Sir John chuckled. "Well, it's you I have to fear then, sober as you are!"
"Please, we both share the burden of command.", Francis replied gravely. "I would never
pressure you into an indignity."
How dignified will his death be at this rate?, James wondered.
Sir John eyed Francis, the mirth dying on his face. "If that is so, be so kind as to get my dress
uniform. I will venture out, if only to prove to myself that I am better.", he said. "Yes, I think
today is the day I rejoin the world."
James helped Sir John dress, noticing with dismay that his hands were shaking.
"Is everything alright, James?", Sir John asked when James had dropped his epaulette for the
second time.
"I'm just... excited for the Carnivale.", James said weakly.
"That's right, I forgot that the whole venture was your idea..." Sir John sighed. "I think I
would like to eat something before we go, because I feel a little unsteady on my legs."
James heart sank. He didn't know how much delay he could take, but who am I to refuse him
a last supper?, James thought.
This was a bad association, for James was reminded of the actual last supper -which he had
read to Sir John a few days ago- and how Jesus knew that Judas was going to betray him all
along.

It wouldn't do to get paranoid right now, so James got the dinner Mr. Wall prepared for Sir
John.
Salted meat and biscuits, together with lemon juice, the usual fare since they had sworn off
the tins.
James doubted that anyone was much enjoying eating anymore, when it was always some
variation of this that was served.
The men had started to grumble, and there were multiple rumors as to why the tinned food
was banned, many close to the truth.
Both James and Francis didn't want to eat, but as they watched Sir John consume his portion,
James longed for something to do with his hands, and regretted saying no to food.
"How are things on Terror, Francis?", Sir John asked. "Have you made any new magnetic
observations?"
"A few, yes. But the last days have been utterly preoccupied with the Carnivale, I'm afraid."
It wasn't even a lie. James knew that Little had followed Francis here and waited out on the
ice should they need his assistance (which was the most dangerous position to be in, on
account of the beast). Jopson, Hickey and Blanky were at the Carnivale, keeping the crowd
under control, and Goodsir was set to distract Dr. Stanley.
Dr. Stanley was also the reason they didn't want to kill Sir John on the ship, because they
feared Stanley wouldn't accept the death of his recovering patient without fuss, suspicious as
he was already.
Hickey had suggested, as James had heard via Mr. Blanky, that they should just kill Stephen
as well -"You can simply hit him over the head with your cane, Captain, and say he fell on
the ice" - but Francis had, of course, refused to even consider it.
"Well, I suppose it is fitting to usher in this next period of our lives in with a celebration.", Sir
John said, chewing. "It is my firm belief that we will have found the Passage by this time
next year, and we will think of the endless polar night as nothing but a distant memory."
"Hear, hear.", James said, raising his glass - water of course, on account of both Francis and
Sir John.
Francis frowned. "Sir John-"
"We all know of your pessimism, Francis.", Sir John remarked. "Might we not at least be free
of it this night?"
"As you wish.", Francis replied.
Sir John stopped chewing, looking at Francis for a moment. "I know what you're doing, over
on Terror."

There had been thousands of these moments in the last weeks, moments where James had
been paralyzed with fear, because someone had something alarming like this.
One almost got used to the unpleasantness of it, though the fear never eased.
"Pardon?", Francis said.
"These sermons you hold, about the great untameable leviathan. How we will need to respect
it to survive, how it may eat us whole if we don't - all quite interesting, Francis, if a little
dreary."
"I never meant to criticize you with these sermons.", Francis hurried to assure Sir John.
James watched as Sir John put another morsel on his fork and brought it to his mouth.
There was still food left on the plate.
"Maybe not me.", Sir John said mildly. "But my decisions, certainly. And it is your right...
Yet surely you know that I cannot maintain a good command if my own Second keeps
second-guessing every choice I make?"
Francis didn't seem to know what to say to that, so James jumped in: "I'm sure everything
will be right as rain once this winter is over. Thaw will come, and you, Francis will realise
that you are wrong."
Francis looked at James, his gaze cold. "Or we may all be dead, and they can dig our
sceletons out of the ice."
"That is exactly what I mean.", Sir John said. Then, suddenly: "James, will you leave us for a
moment? You can get your slops, we will follow shortly."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis had barely time to register the sound of James's chair scraping across the floor, of
James rising to his feet before Sir John's benevolent gaze, walking to the door and catching
Francis's eyes in a desperate understanding, before he was alone with Sir John, his gaze
benevolent no longer.
Francis knew how this would go. It had happened in the other time, too, after all, when he
had suggested sending out the rescue party.
"Francis, I do wonder sometimes if I have ever done anything to make you despise me so
frevently, or if it is simply in your nature to be so vicious.", Sir John said, his voice still calm,
belying his words.
"I only have the wellbeing of the men in mind-"
"You are not the leader of this expedition, Francis, and that for good reason!", Sir John
exploded. "You have always had this tendency to nag at your betters, forcing your way into
closed doors, with no regard for how command works! You're the worst kind of Second, and

I will bear it no longer. That is, for now I must bear it, but be sure that you will have none of
my kindness when this is over, undeserving as you are of it."
Francis stared at Sir John, close to dumbstruck. Those weren't his words from before, this
was worse. And he didn't dare make a guess as to what had prompted this.
At least it will make it easier for me to kill him, came the detached thought.
Francis shuddered inwardly.
"Everything I did was for the benefit of the expedition.", he forced out between clenched
teeth. "It was never my aim to attack you personally-"
Sir John scoffed. "You dare say that after what you've done? You dare?"
"My sermons were never meant to-"
Sir John's fist on the table interrupted him. The glasses jumped. "I'm not talking about your
sermons, Francis. I'm talking about James."
Francis felt fear clench around his heart in an iron fist. "James?", he croaked.
"You will not make me defile my mouth with the filth that you did to him, but be assured that
I know of it. I know. Is it not enough for you to question my command at every turn? Must
you also ruin my best officer out of petty revenge?"
Goodsir had told him, Francis remembered, that the poison had made Sir John paranoid. It
could be a bodily reaction, a symptom of too much mandragora, or perhaps some
subconscious part of Sir John realising that he had been done wrong.
Still, never had Francis imagined that it all could manifest this way.
"I have no idea what you're talking abou-"
"Feigning ignorance now won't save you, Francis. God sees all sins, and He has seen yours.
And you will stand before Him on Judgement Day, naked and chastised, and He will damn
you to hell."
Francis desperately wished for something, anything to say to this. He knew James was
listening at the door, though he hoped he didn't. James shouldn't have to hear this.
"I don't have to sit here and listen to baseless accusations-"
"Baseless accusations! I've seen you! I've seen how you look at him, how you talk. This
display just now confirmed it. How he came over and tried again and again to change my
mind, see it your way, for the men, he said. For the men." Sir John threw his fork on the plate
with a clatter. "Well, it is for them that I don't strip you of your command right now. I'll also
refrain from charging you with sodomy under the Articles of War, because I don't wish to see
James come to harm. But believe me, you deserve to hang for this."

Silence. Francis felt like someone had hit him on the head, and he was sitting here, stunned
by the blow.
And what the hell was Sir John talking about? What display had proved it to him?
He had always suspected that Sir John despised him, but for him to say that he deserved to
hang had been near unthinkable until now.
Francis watched Sir John, who appeared winded after his outburst, sink back into his chair.
He had been struck with how ill their leader looked from first seeing him. James looked tired
and worn, but Sir John looked wasted, sickly.
Perhaps a few more drops of mandragora would do it. But they were past the mandragora
now.
They were past anything, but the cold out in the shale.
"I will not let you accuse me of a crime I didn't commit.", Francis heard himself say.
Has it ever occurred to you that it shouldn't be a crime, that the law is unjust?, Francis
thought.
He hadn't always believed it this way. His first time with another man had been when he was
a Mate, the other of the same rank. They hadn't talked about it, just sought solace in each
other's touches.
He had thought he would burn in hell for this, and still he hadn't stopped, because it was too
good. Francis, always with his melancholic temperament, had felt adrift and lonely, and the
other's touch eased that loneliness.
But the guilt had still found its way into the safe cocoon of their couplings, and once Francis
had started to cry in the middle of it. He hadn't been quiet. Great, heaving sobs had wracked
him, and the other Mate had been so unnerved by the whole event that he hadn't sought him
out again for the rest of the voyage.
Then came the North, and Parry. It had been one of his Lieutenants, on the Fury. Francis had
thought himself safe, in a way, because it was someone above him in rank, someone older,
leading him into sin. He could pretend to himself that he'd had no choice, at least for a time,
though the Lieutenant had always asked him for his consent.
His most potent fear had been James Ross finding out about everything, who had been with
him as a Midshipman.
Francis had never examined this fear too closely, but with hindsight it was clear that his own
love for James had made him irrational, fearing for his judgment over the Captain's.
James would never have gotten himself into such a situation, he thought. And surely, if he
was so inclined, the Lieutenant would've chosen him over Francis, who had never had any
illusions of his own attractiveness.

What had been different with this affair was simple, really. The Lieutenant had talked. He had
talked a great deal, even in company, though he had never let anything suspicious pass his
lips, of course.
"We are all God's creatures, and God has given us the ability to love. And not just to love
women, but to love anyone; men, too. How could it be wrong then?", he had told Francis
once, as he had lain in his bunk with his head bowed in shame.
Young Francis had felt these words as soothing balm, but still he protested: "But lust is a sin,
so we hear all the time."
The Lieutenant stroked down his naked back. "You know, I think that was just made up by
some hateful old man who never had sex in his life."
This forced a surprised chuckle out of Francis. "Blasphemy!", he cried, as quietly as he could.
The Lieutenant's opinions about these things had made Francis change his mind about a lot of
it. They presented a different way of looking at the world.
Still, the next time they had been in a port and not in the ice, he had tried it with a woman and
liked it a lot, and immense relief had washed over him. He had put an end to all affairs with
men, thinking that he wasn't "one of those" after all.
As he sat before Sir John now, he didn't feel ashamed, mostly because he was so angry on
James's behalf, as well as his own.
Before Sir John could reply anything to his denial, someone knocked on the door.
It could only be James, and indeed, it was him that poked his head in, his face betraying no
emotion.
"I think we'll need to leave for the tents now, because there may be a storm coming."
"Of course, James.", Sir John said kindly. "Go on deck, Francis and I will follow in a
moment."
James nodded and disappeared.
Sir John turned back to Francis. "We will speak no more of this.", he said. "It has no place on
this expedition. Just know that I am watching you, same as God."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As he waited on deck, James did his best to compose himself. Of course, he had heard
everything Sir John had accused Francis of, and had at first wondered if had fallen in some
sort of waking nightmare.
The thing with the storm had been a desperate ploy to get Francis out of that conversation.

James had experienced Sir John's fits of paranoia in the last weeks, though they had never
been directed at him.
He had mostly been suspicious at Dr. Stanley, and as it turned out, with good reason, as
Stanley actually did slip sleeping aids into his tea.
Stanley had justified this to James by saying: "He needs to sleep in order to heal. I know he is
afraid to fall into the same delirium that caused his condition, but without sleep, he will only
get worse. And since he refuses all sleeping aids outright, I have to decieve him, may the
Lord forgive me."
James, knowing that making himself complicit in this was downright noble compared to his
other actions, hadn't protested, though he could have.
But still, the change in Sir John had been deeply unnerving. He would be his old self most of
the time, kind and unassuming, but then suddenly he would explode in anger, ranting about
how no one obeyed his orders and how Stanley was trying to poison him.
Never once had he mentioned Francis during these fits, but maybe seeing him now had been
enough to trigger the latent suspicion.
It might've been just an illusion all along, but after this James truly felt that he had no choice
anymore.
Sir John couldn't be allowed to return to England, not if he thought something like that.
James wouldn't be able to stand it, even if he was painted as a victim of Francis's cruel
ambitions, for his own sake as well as Francis's.
Before he could spend more time losing his mind, Sir John and Francis appeared on deck,
wrapped in their slops. Sir John was carrying the lantern, because Francis still had his cane.
James took the lantern from Sir John. "I will go ahead.", he said.
"Of course.", Sir John agreed.
They climbed down the railing in silence. There was no storm, but it was snowing heavily.
James didn't know whether this would aid or block them.
It was difficult to walk in the dress, but he was still the fastest of the group.
Sir John's words were swimming in his head, cutting into his heart.
God sees all sins, and He has seen yours. And you will stand before Him on Judgement Day,
naked and chastised, and He will damn you to hell...
He had known, hadn't he, that Sir John would see it that way when he found out about him.
He had known.
Yet it still hurt, leaving an unpleasant taste in his mouth.

James pursed his lips under his comforter and told himself to focus on where he was going.
This was no easy task, because of the snow. On the other hand, the lights of the Carnivale
were mostly obscured, and so Sir John wouldn't know that he steered them in the wrong
direction.
Now all he had to do was find the berg they had agreed on.
James quickly had to accept that his best guess would have to suffice, and soon all his
concentration was required to keep seeing what was before them.
He glanced back every once in a while and had to lessen his pace, as Francis and Sir John
were slow to follow.
James nearly had a heart attack when he turned back forward and saw a figure with a lantern
approaching.
"Who's there?", Lieutenant Little called.
James was dizzy with relief.
"It's us, Edward.", he called back.
They waited for Sir John and Francis to catch up, and Sir John asked: "It can't be much
farther, can it? I feel myself a little winded."
"Not far.", Lieutenant Little agreed. "I just stepped outside for a moment to look for the
Captain."
"Good, forward, then.", Sir John panted.
James frevently hoped that Little had a better sense of direction than he had- Little had been
outside before the snowfall, so he probably did.
He followed Little, and had this been any other occasion, James would've been miffed about
himself, the best walker in the Service, to have to rely on someone else.
As it was, he was just grateful for the help, numb with terror as he was.
"Up here, sirs.", Little said, gesturing to where the ice sloped upwards.
"Up?", Sir John asked with dismay. "No, I don't think so."
"We erected the tents on the slope.", James heard himself say. "So we have the majesty over
the landscape."
He had thought Sir John would like the idea of triumphing over nature like this, but he just
exclaimed: "That sounds dangerously unsafe! Are sure this is the right-"
There was growl in the distance. Not the wind, that James could discern by now.

Tuunbaq showing up might aid them, but then again, the beast might kill them all. James
hoped Francis had the shaman's figurine stashed somewhere in his robe, though how
precisely that would save them was a mystery to him.
"Up we go!", Little said urgently.
"That was just the wind, surely!", Sir John insisted. "Really, I don't think I will manage to go
up there... Why don't you have the men assemble down here and I-"
Everyone was shocked when Francis grabbed Sir John by his collar and growled: "You will
either go up, or we will leave you here."
This was an unconscionable break of the rules of decorum, but it seemed to dawn on Sir John
that he was alone, out on the ice, with Francis, whom he had told he should hang mere
moments ago.
Sir John was speechless, sputtering. Little remained a threatening shadow to the side.
"James!", Francis called. "Take his arm. Help him up."
James could do nothing but obey. Sir John stared at him as he approached and did as Francis
said.
"James...", Sir John began, yet thought better of it.
What followed was that James dragged Sir John up the slope. He wasn't resisting, but clearly
close to collapsing from exhaustion.
James thought that this was perhaps was a light rehearsal for their hauling later, though he
would've rather pulled ten boats on his own than Sir John.
"You don't have to do as he says.", Sir John said to him. "He's is not your Captain, I am."
"I'm only thinking of your safety, sir.", James replied, because he hoped Sir John would stay
ignorant to the last. "That howl wasn't the wind..."
"Indeed?"
James turned to see Francis directly behind him. Little was ahead with the lantern.
At what James assumed was the top - he couldn't see at this angle - , Little abruptly stopped.
"Well? Where's the tent?", Sir John asked, his voice sounding shrill. "Where are the men?"
James stepped back, letting go of Sir John's arm.
They would have to do it now, right now, why was he delaying?
He looked to where Little stood equally frozen, then at the lantern in his hand. He should hit
Sir John over the head with it, like they'd agreed.

Sir John was turning this way and that, demanding to know what was going on.
Then Francis pushed him aside and stepped before Sir John. For some reason, the sight of
him caused Sir John to be silent, even before he raised his cane.
"Why, this is...", Sir John began.
There was a the sound of a crack as the cane broke on impact, and then, frightfully fast, Sir
John was gone, over the ledge.
James heard the dull sound of him hitting the ice before he completely registered what had
happened.
They stood silent in the snow for several moments, Francis with half of his cane still raised.
James knew they had to check now if Sir John was really dead.
Francis turned to James and said: "Goddamn it."
Then he collapsed on the ground. As James was still frozen, it was Little who jumped
forward and kept Francis from rolling after Sir John, and James would forever blame himself
for that, though he could hardly think on it now.
"Captain? Captain?", Little called, shaking Francis. "What is happening?"
James couldn't recall if Francis had told Little the truth about the future, but the first
Lieutenant's panicked words finally brought feeling back into his limps, and he kneeled to
Francis's other side.
"A seizure.", James said.
It shouldn't happen, James thought. If Sir John is dead, it shouldn't happen.
Suddenly, Francis was gasping, his eyes focused again.
"James, something is wrong.", he croaked. "Something is-"
He fell back into the snow, his whole body seizing up, as if he actually experienced a fit.
James had no idea what to do. He was in the middle of panicking, when he heard it.
A voice, down below.
"James... James... Help me..."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"A man named Cornelius Hickey told me this expedition was a year in the polar sea and then
out the other side..."

Francis dimly registered being back in the other time, the stones underneath his back, the
chain around his wrist.
"He told me that we were going to stop at the Sandwich Islands, and the crew was going to
dry out in the sun."
But something was different. Francis was lying on the ground, but he could also feel the
snow falling into his eyes, even though there was no snow here.
"The other side of the world, I thought. A year is nothing. So I dabbed him, left him in
regent's canal. And here I am instead."
Francis heard James's voice, like a siren's call, even though James was dead, here. He blinked
and saw the shadow of James's face, looking down on him.
But there was still Mr. Hickey, continuing: "I was going to show you my heels once we got to
those islands, you know. Hook it, start new. I've seen the drawings in the weeklies. Oahu.
Maui. That sounded nice."
"Cap- Mr. Crozier?", that was Lieutenant Hodgson.
"Captain? Captain, can you hear me?", and that was Edward, Edward who was there and
elsewhere at the same time.
"And no one told me I was going to be freezing to death for three bloody years instead, did
they? I've learned what I needed to. So bugger London. I'm going forward. Only forward."
Francis tried to get up, to get ground under his feet, but he didn't have control of his body
anymore.
He heard someone call for help, and for a moment thought it was he himself.
"So call it with me now, boys! Come on, together!" Hickey started to sing, and the words
echoed strangely over Francis, coming back to him from all sides.
"God bless our native land, may her protecting hand, still guard our shores..."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"James... Help me..."
James looked at Little, who seemed to be in a similar state of dumbstruck fear. He looked
down at Francis, who was convulsing, and suddenly, through some strange intuition, he knew
what was happening.
That is, he didn't know, presicely, but he felt what he needed to do.
"James...", Sir John again. "I can't move... Please..."

"We can just wait.", Little whispered, as if Sir John would be able to hear them from this
distance. "He will freeze to death."
James swallowed. "No.", he whispered back. "We need to help Francis. We need to end it."
"What are you talking a-"
James reluctantly let go of Francis, took up his lantern and told Little: "Stay with him."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
God bless our native land...
Francis heard the weakened voices of the men, heard Hickey yell: "Come on! This has to
carry, men. Bugger Victoria, we're here! Bugger Nelson, bugger Jesus, bugger Joseph and
Mary... Bugger the Archbishop of Canterbury! None of them ever wanted anything from me!
We're here!"
Francis blinked, tried to see, but all there was was an unfathomable brightness, even though
the sun was going down.
Or was it rising?
"It's here! It's here!", someone yelled.
"Hand me your glass, Magnus."
"Are we going to kill it or not?"
"Let it come, Mr. Des Voeux! Open yourself to courage!"
"What's this bright light?"
Francis didn't know who asked, unable to tell the panicked voices apart, except for Mr.
Hickey.
Something needed to happen, or he would die here, he realised. Something was happening,
but Francis couldn't discern what.
"James...", he muttered.
"It's Edward, sir.", Lieutenant Little answered. "James is just- he went down to -"
"Down to what?"
"What are you saying?", Hodgson asked.
"It's him!", Hickey called. "The light! It's Crozier's fault!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

James stumbled down the slope, making sure that the lantern stayed lit.
Sir John kept calling out to him, and after each time James hoped it would be the last, though
it never was.
James almost fell down the last few inches, and at the bottom of the slope he had to get to his
feet again.
The snow still fell heavily, and he had to get his bearings again for a moment.
Then Sir John called out once more, a sound that was more a moan than his name. James
thought of Francis.
He had to hurry.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis heard Hickey's boots hit the ground as he jumped from the boat. The other men
started yelling again, about the beast approaching at a fast pace.
"Edward...", Francis whispered. "Edward, what's happening?"
"Not Edward.", Hickey said, grabbing him by the collar. "Fuck if I'm going to tell you my
real name."
The light engulfed them almost fully, now.
"Make it stop!", Hickey yelled in his face. "Make it stop right now!"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James reached the prone form of Sir John after going around in a circle for a while.
He had to make himself step closer.
"James?", Sir John called. "James, is that you?"
"It's me.", James replied, feeling as if gravel was stuck in his throat.
"Thank God! I fell, I must've... I don't know how..."
James went to his knees beside Sir John's head, putting the lantern down beside him.
Sir John was lying on his back, his eyes wide. There was a dark stain on the ice beside his
head. It looked like a laceration.
"James, help me up.", Sir John said.
He made an effort to lift his head. It was this that brought James back to himself, his purpose.
James put a hand on Sir John's chest, gently, gently, pushing him down again.

"James, what-"
"You shouldn't overexert yourself, sir.", James told him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Pain. Francis was slipping in and out of it, not sure what was happening.
It was Hickey, he realised. He was bashing his head into the rocks, again and again.
"Make it stop!", he yelled.
Francis tasted blood in his mouth and nose.
The light was blinding behind his eyelids.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sir John was gasping, but James hardly realised it. His mind was going through possibilities.
Smashing the lantern over his head for a killing blow.
Using one of its glass shards to slit his throat.
Undressing him so he would freeze to death faster.
What to do?
James looked up, and saw a light flicker at the corner of his eye, but Sir John moaned and
caught his attention again.
"It hurts, James..."
"It will be over soon.", James said.
His hand was still resting on Sir John's chest. His gaze traveled upwards, to the red comforter
around Sir John's neck.
He had an idea.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Make it stop!", Hickey yelled.
"You're killing him!", someone else interjected.
"Maybe that will make it stop."
"The beast! Is it still coming?"
"Why is the landscape disappearing?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"James, what-"
Sir John didn't utter the rest of the sentence, as James reached for his comforter and pulled it
off his neck.
"I'm sorry.", James heard himself say. "I'm so, so sorry."
For the record, almost. These words would help no one. They would vanish into the endless
night.
James took Sir John's head and lifted it, putting the comforter around his neck again. Sir John
moaned in pain.
James was good at tying knots, obviously. He was a sailor. On land, where one could indulge
oneself, he had tied Dundy to the bed post once and then fucked him, and they both loved it.
A deviant thought to come to his head now, but he supposed it proved that one could never
know when knot-tying would come in handy in one's life.
Sir John made a sound. James would never know if it was an entreaty, a scream, or something
else, because that was precisely the moment James cut off his airsupply.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The last thing Francis remembered from the other time was the taste of his own blood.
Hickey and the others had faded into the distance.
He knew they were gone.
He knew he was the only one left, and he was dying.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In the grand scheme of things, it probably didn't take so long for Sir John to choke to death,
but for James, it was an eternity.
Even though the knot was doing its work, James pressed down on the ends of comforter with
all his might.
And Sir John stared at him the entire time as his eyes were bulging out of his head.
James read many things in his gaze, a gaze he couldn't let go of, so many things that he
wasn't sure whether a single one of them had actually been there, in the end.
Betrayal, hurt, fear. Everything was there, and nothing was there.
James knew the instant Sir John's body stopped struggling its feeble struggle, and still he
pulled the comforter taught, unable to believe that it was over.

Then several things happened at once.
"Commander!", Lieutenant Little's voice called from above.
James looked up, and there he saw the light, getting smaller in the opposite direction.
He was too numb to comprehend what he was seeing, what it meant, only that the light was
there, until suddenly it was not.
"Commander!", Little called again.
James lowered his eyes once more. Sir John was staring at him with wide, empty eyes. There
was no soul in them any longer.
Finally, James let go of the comforter.
Sir John Franklin was dead, and James Fitzjames had damned his soul.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 34: The Carnivale II
Somehow, the slope was even more work to get up now than before with the still alive Sir
John on his arm.
Halfway through the climb did James realise that he had tears streaming down his cheeks,
and they were frozen there.
He didn't know how long he'd been crying, whether his tears had dripped on Sir John as he
lay dying.
Later, James wouldn't remember loosening his knot and rewarapping the comforter yet
another time, but he must've. He must've.
"Commander!", Little exclaimed breathlessly once James came into view. "He stopped
convulsing... I thought he'd died, but he is breathing... What should we do?"
James kneeled by Francis's side and took his gloved hand, before he could register that he
had done the exact thing to Sir John moments ago, minus the handholding.
"Is Sir John... dead?", Little asked, his voice low.
James nodded. "Yes.", he said. "It's done."
"Alright.", Little whispered.
James looked at Francis. His eyes were closed, and it almost seemed as if he were sleeping.
The relief that washed over James at seeing Francis alive was the first real emotion that
touched his heart since Sir John's death. Sir John's murder, he corrected himself. That he
committed.
James leant over Francis, gloved hand brushing his cheek.
"Francis? Francis, can you hear me?"
There was no reaction.
It quickly occurred to James that Francis might be alive now, but if this state persisted he was
in real danger of freezing to death.
"We need to get away from here.", James said. "Away from the body."
Little nodded. They still had one lantern to carry - James had left his with Sir John, broken so
it would look like it fell with him- , as well as Francis's broken cane and Francis himself.
Somehow, they managed it down the slope with their burden, but at the foot they had to lay
Francis down again.

He still hadn't stirred.
"This isn't working.", Little said. "You stay here, I'm going to get help."
"Who?", James asked desperately. "Every one of our allies is busy with his role in the plan."
"A stretcher.", Little replied. "I will fetch a stretcher from Terror and then bring you back
there."
Actually, the plan was now to go straight to the Carnivale and make sure that they were seen
by the men, but for that, Francis needed to be awake.
At that moment, Francis stirred with a groan.
"Francis!", James called. "Francis, wake up!"
Francis opened his eyes and stared at James, not really seeing him.
"Francis.", James repeated. "Please..."
Finally, his gaze focused. "James?", he croaked.
"Yes, Francis!", James said, laughing with relief.
"Captain!"
"E-Edward?"
Little, too, was smiling brightly. Francis looked up at them in wonderment, like a child being
woken from a nap.
"I hate to do this to you, but can you stand up?", James asked him. "We need to get away
from here, and fast."
"What happened?", Francis asked, and he sounded so confused that James feared he had
forgotten everything, save perhaps who they were.
James opened his mouth to explain, but no words came out.
I strangled him to death.
He couldn't say it.
Laboriously, they got Francis into a sitting position, then standing. Little and James stood by
either side of him to help him walk.
"Where are we going?", Francis asked weakly.
"To the Carnivale."
"Perhaps we should bring him back to Terror, first-", Little began.

James stopped. Turned to Francis, and took his face in both of his mittened hands.
"Francis, we need to stick to the plan. We need to get to the Carnivale. Do you think you can
do that?"
Francis blinked at him. He looked so ridiculous, with the fake white hair and lost expression.
"I do.", he said, still. "Stick to the plan, yes."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis didn't know what was happening, precisely, as Edward and James pulled him
relentlessly forward.
He didn't really know where he was, or rather, when he was.
He knew something terrible had happened, but he couldn't precisely say what.
He was still trying to pull himself together when the lights of the Carnivale tents became
visible. Then, the silence of the ice gave way to shouts and cheers.
It was warm inside the tent, warm enough to take off his slops. He was wearing clothes he
wouldn't normally wear, and his head was heavy.
He was unshaven, yet happily toasted by a dazzling Jopson in a dress, though there was a
nervous rigidity to his Steward's mouth.
More men spotted him, and raised their voices in cheer, and some whistles as well, yet those
had to be for James, James beside him who was taking his coat off as well to reveal a
shimmering get-up of stunning beauty.
Jopson took Little's arm and led him to the dance floor, crowding close to whisper in his ear.
For some reason, Francis tried to look for Mr. Hickey, but found him nowhere.
All the faces were starting to bleed together, suffocating him with their closeness.
He reached for James, his only anchor. James was talking to the saddest clown Francis had
ever seen. Dr. Stanley.
After a moment, Dr. Stanley turned away and someone yelled: "Merlin will now lead the
Lady of the Lake in a dance!"
Francis needed a moment to realise that the person was talking about him and James.
Christ, his head hurt.
He took James's hand, and suddenly a cup was thrust into his other one. It smelled of alcohol.
He almost took a sip, had not James knocked the cup from his hand.

Francis had no idea how he would manage a dance in this state, and was grateful when James
took the lead, despite him being the woman.
He kept his eyes on James, and so he noticed that he was in a bad state, though he tried to
cover it up.
"James, what happened?", he asked again, feeling desperate, needing to know.
But James pretended not to hear him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Cornelius Hickey was bored. It was really inappropriate to feel such a thing on the night his
Captain was murdered, but who cared.
Hickey was bored, and the ecstatic good cheer of the men was beginning to annoy him
greatly.
He wished he could've been with the party to kill Sir John after all, even though he knew that
it was better for his own hide if he wasn't.
Still, murder was something he was more comfortable with than this air of celebration.
He supposed it was fun to watch the others lose their careful inhibitions as they got steadily
drunker, yet even that lost its allure after a while.
Hickey soon arrived at the conclusion that he couldn't relax because he wasn't in control of
what was happening - that was in the hands of Fitzjames and Crozier.
Hickey didn't like not being in control.
After looking for Billy but giving up on him when he found him drinking in a group with the
Marines, Hickey decided he wanted some quiet, and so he went outside.
No one even batted an eye at his costume, the others either being too stupid to get the joke or
thinking it not particularly creative.
Hickey used to believe that if he only had the clothes of a handsome gentleman, he would
automatically become one of his betters.
Well, now Hickey didn't feel any different from how he usually felt, and he was a little hurt
that Billy hadn't complimented him once tonight.
All in all, Billy was still giving him the cold shoulder lately, and Hickey couldn't very well
admit to himself that he missed him, so he ignored him right back instead.
Outside, he just saw Fitzjames, Crozier and Little arriving, Fitzjames and Little supporting
Crozier to either side.

Of course, Hickey wanted to know whether they'd been successful, and he called out to them.
Fitzjames and Crozier didn't hear him, but Little did.
"Go back inside, Mr. Hickey.", was all he said.
Hickey certainly wouldn't follow any orders from Edward head-up-his-arse Little if he could
get away with it, and so he made no move to follow them inside.
Hickey took a deep breath. It was so silent out on the ice, even with the noise of the
Carnivale at his back.
Hickey didn't know how long he stood there, but he felt suddenly that he was no longer
alone. As he turned, he saw a tall man in a clown costume.
It took him a moment to recognize the Doctor of the Erebus, whose name escaped him.
"Who are you?", the Doctor demanded.
Like so many of higher rank, he apparently didn't believe in politeness when it came to those
lower down.
"Cornelius Hickey, sir, Caulker's Mate on the Terror."
"Well, then, Cornelius Hickey, you are escorting me back to Erebus.", the Doctor said.
"Oh, am I?", Hickey replied, just about stopping himself from a scoff.
"I heard the bear howl in the distance when I came here.", the Doctor said. "I'm not going
back alone, it would be foolish for the last real Doctor of the expedition to risk himself like
that."
Of course, Hickey could risk himself just fine, worthless as he was, right?
Hickey didn't say that, but asked instead: "Wouldn't it be more prudent to get one of the
Marines then, sir? They have rifles and can actually shoot the bear should it approach."
"They are also three sheets to the wind drunk.", the Doctor replied dryly. "You seem
reasonably sober, so you'll do."
"I don't want to go back to Erebus.", Hickey said, purely to be contrary.
The Doctor turned the full might of his disapproving stare on Hickey, which would've had
quite the effect had he been staring at any other man. "Do you want to get written off for
insubordination?"
"Of course not.", Hickey said. "It's simply that Captain Crozier ordered everyone to
participate in the Carnivale festivities, so it can be said that I'm following his orders, sir."
"Don't get smart with me!", the Doctor snapped. "You will come with me, right now, or I-"

"Dr. Stanley!", a voice called out of the darkness. "Thank goodness!"
A man dressed as a king appeared before them, in his hand an extinguished lantern.
He was some Lieutenant from Erebus, Hickey didn't know his name, either.
"I need to speak with you.", the Lieutenant said. "Go back inside, Mr....?"
"Hickey.", Hickey supplied.
He made sure to saunter away as slowly as possible, but the two men just stared after him
silently.
Inside, Crozier and Fitzjames were dancing in full view of everyone, and Hickey would've
applauded them for their brazeness had he liked either of them.
The tent smelled of sweat and alcohol, and the stuffiness just reminded Hickey of the
goddamn ship again.
Finally, he spied Jopson in his lady's dress, looking around anxiously.
"Romantic, isn't it?", Hickey said into Jopson's ear, which caused the other to flinch, before
he quickly squared his shoulders and composed himself.
One thing Hickey had learned about Thomas Jopson during the limited time they had spent
together was that he had the air of an always put together, disapproving matronly
grandmother, and the dress brought this out to an hilarious degree.
Still, Jopson didn't seem to find this funny.
"What is?", Jopson asked as he smoothed down his skirt primly.
"Our two Captains dancing, over there. Really, Fitzjames should've donned Victoria's
wedding dress for this."
Jopson stiffened. "They're just having a bit of fun."
"Sure. Even though Crozier looks like he's about to crash into the table there. Are you sure he
hasn't been drinking?"
"Quite sure."
"How did it go, then?", Hickey asked.
Jopson turned to face him and leaned close. It was so absurd, almost as if they were about to
kiss.
"He's dead. That's all Lieutenant Little would tell me."
"Good.", Hickey said, nodding.

There was a break in the music, and Fitzjames led a stumbling Crozier away, probably hoping
to abscond with him in private somehow, but as the two highest ranking members of this
rotten failure of a an expedition, they had gathered quite a few admiring onlookers.
Then, out of nowhere, Thomas Blanky fought himself to the front of the crowd, conversed
briefly with Fitzjames, and then took Crozier's arm from him.
While Fitzjames gave himself over to the men, Crozier and Blanky disappeared in a side
entrance.
"What's wrong with Crozier?", Hickey asked.
"I don't know.", Jopson replied, and Hickey could see that he was worrying.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Harry Goodsir was looking for Dr. Stanley. It had only been a moment where he had talked to
Mr. Collins, and in that time Dr. Stanley had completely disappeared.
Harry looked inside every tent, and finally decided to go outside, but he was stopped by a
commotion and someone calling for a Doctor.
"Let me though, please.", Harry kept saying, as it seemed that the entire assembled company
had crowded around the disaster.
"The disaster" turned out to be Commander Fitzjames, who had gotten hit over the head with
a lantern, carried by a penitent Mr. Hartnell.
"I'm fine. Really, I'm fine.", Fitzjames kept insisting, even as blood flowed freely down neck,
spattering his dress.
Harry examined him, sitting on the laboriously erected "stage" that was supposed to be used
for the costume competition.
"That's a laceration.", Harry said after he had found the wound in Fitzjames's blood and
candlewax encrusted hair. "I has to be stitched together. Luckily, I brought the necessary
materials."
"You did?"
"I thought we might need some medical supplies, who knew what the night might bring.",
Harry said reasonably.
Harry couldn't ask, of course, if they had killed Sir John as planned.
What kind of person was he, that he had hoped for such a thing?
Over the last weeks, Harry'd had a surprising number of revelations about how far he was
willing to go when the circumstances required it, and he had liked none of them.

Now, he helped Fitzjames away to where he had stashed the medical supplies.
Thankfully, they had a bit of privacy here, though Harry knew he should call for someone to
hold a light so he could see his work better.
"I have laudanum. Do you want it, for the pain?"
Fitzjames shook his head, then winced when more blood rushed out. "No. I do not."
Harry began to stitch the wound carefully.
"How did it go?", he finally had the courage to ask.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James still couldn't say it. He had felt like a child who hadn't learned how to talk, trying to
communicate, as Francis had asked him again and again what had happened.
Not that he would've been able to tell the truth while they were dancing, but he could've said
something, anything to calm him.
But the words were stuck in his throat.
He hoped Mr. Blanky would take care of Francis, help him back to this reality in the way he
needed and James couldn't provide right now.
As it was, James welcomed the pain of the needle through his scalp. What he didn't welcome
was the thought of Sir John's blood on the ice.
"How did it go?", Goodsir asked.
"Well.", was all James could shove past his lips. "Where is Stephen?", he said after a pause.
"I don't know. I was looking for him when you were injured."
James let himself drift a little, the pain of the needle only enhancing his momentary delirium;
he was already trapped in a haze of pain.
"James.", Goodsir said, kindly.
Goodsir almost never used his Christian name, though James had offered it to him, thinking
they were definitely past all polite pretense anyway. What did rank still matter between them?
"Yes?"
Goodsir finished up with his head, then stepped around him, crouching before him.
"I need to know. Is he really dead?"
James somehow managed a nod. "Yes, he is."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thomas Blanky had been friends with Francis Crozier a long time, and that meant he had
seen his friend in a compromising state from time to time.
Mostly, these states had to do with whiskey. Really, in the early weeks of the expedition,
Francis had been drunk more often than sober.
Whether Francis had grown more adept at hiding it or the crew better at pretending there was
nothing wrong, was up for debate.
In any case, Thomas had quickly noticed the change in his friend when he was suddenly
abstinent, and just a suddenly apparently in love with James Fitzjames.
Of course, Thomas had always watched Francis's regard for the Commander with a raised
eyebrow. Francis had been nothing short of obsessed with him, and had Fitzjames been a
woman, Thomas would've already told Francis to make his interest known, for Christ's sake,
he wasn't getting any younger and this was becoming ridiculous.
All that was to say that Thomas knew a thing or two about Francis, and he would often only
need one look at him to tell what he was thinking.
Which was why he had believed Francis's story instantly, no matter how fantastical it
sounded.
Now, however, Thomas felt deeply alarmed at Francis's state, because he had never seen him
like this before, even on his worst benders.
Francis didn't seem to know precisely what was happening, had the air of a confused child or
a senile old person and he also barely held himself upright.
Thomas had taken his arm from Fitzjames and steered him clear of the crowd. Unfortunately,
there were people everywhere. They had even erected a bathtub of sorts, which Francis
would've balked at had he been in any other state.
Finally, Thomas found a relatively quiet place where all the coats and slops were piled, and
guided Francis to sit down.
"Can you tell me what happened?", Thomas asked him carefully.
Of course, Thomas wanted to know if they had killed Sir John, or if their efforts had been in
vain once again.
In general, Thomas was happy to follow the orders his superiors gave him, but then, in most
cases his superiors were that for a reason, and they were competent and listened to his input.
He didn't know what was wrong with Sir John, and he suspected now they would never
know, but Thomas was convinced of the necessity of killing him.

He had selected to live a life that often carried him far away from good ol' England, but that
didn't mean he didn't love his family and dearly wanted to see them again.
Now, Francis stared at him blankly for a moment before saying: "I don't know."
"What do you know?", Thomas asked.
Francis frowned and put a hand on his forehead. "I think... it's over. The other time. It was
destroyed. Nearly destroyed me with it, had not... something happened."
"Sir John died.", Thomas whispered.
They were alone, but still, it never hurt to be too careful.
Francis blinked. "Where is James?"
"Still inside. You'll just have to get through this night, old man, so no one gets suspicious."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hickey had the distinct feeling that things were spinning out of control, but as he had never
been in control, he didn't worry about the horde of drunken, ecstatic men who looked like
they were about to go on a rampage.
"The Captain should say something.", Jopson observed anxiously.
Hickey didn't know why he was standing by Jopson again. He couldn't stand the guy.
"You think?", Hickey mocked. "As things are looking now, this will end in either a brawl or
an orgy if he doesn't."
"You would like that, wouldn't you?", Jopson muttered. "I'm going to look for the Captain.
Please don't come with me."
Hickey was about to follow Jopson anyway, before he remembered that he, as previously
established, couldn't stand him and didn't want to spend more time in his company if it could
be helped.
"Looking for your next victim?"
Hickey turned and saw Billy, drink in hand, in his ridiculous knight get-up.
"I have no idea what you mean.", Hickey said. "And if I did, I would be greatly offended."
"Why?", Billy asked.
Hickey ignored the question. "You look like a child playing dress up."
Billy stumbled a little. Hickey didn't catch him.

"And you look like you're practicing insubordination.", Billy slurred, pointing one unsteady
finger at Hickey.
"Aren't I always?", Hickey replied easily.
"You're always so fucking... you, Cornelius."
Hickey had no idea what that was supposed to mean. More surprising was the fact that the
word "fucking" had passed Billy's lips. He didn't like such language, and had actually asked
Hickey to swear less on multiple occasions. Hickey had been too stunned to be offended by
such presumption, by Billy's earnestness as well as the fact that no one in Hickey's life had
ever cared how he spoke.
It was almost parental, that concern.
Still, Hickey had replied the first time: "Well, aren't we fucking? What else am I supposed to
call it, then?"
Billy had bit his lip and looked down. "I don't want to think about what we're doing as
something ugly.", he had whispered.
Hickey had felt something stir in his heart at that, which he had angrily squashed down
almost immediately.
"You wish to lie to yourself, then.", Hickey said, taking a puff of his cigarette.
"Maybe...", Billy replied, and they'd been silent a moment.
Later, Hickey had thought about asking Billy to come with him when he deserted, once they'd
reached the Pacific. It was ludicrous, of course.
Hickey didn't seriously consider it one moment, but it said something worrying that he'd had
the thought in the first place.
Hickey raised an eyebrow at Billy. "Why are you even talking to me? I thought you believed
yourself too good for the likes of me."
"I never did and you know it."
"I can think of no other reason why you would ignore me like this."
Billy glared at him, and even drunk he managed it quite well.
"You know damn well why I-"
Hickey's gaze was caught by Fitzjames reappearing with Goodsir. There was blood on his
once-splendid dress, but otherwise he seemed in control of himself.
Hickey had the fear that soon there would be some kind of speech, either by him or Crozier.

Speaking of Crozier, he too, rejoined the party, looking a little less delirious. He immediately
walked over to Fitzjames and they conversed.
Yep, a speech was definitely in the offing.
"I don't feel so good.", Billy muttered.
He was rather green in the face.
"Come on.", Hickey said, grabbing Billy's shoulder and leading him towards the entrance.
Once outside, Billy vomited copiously against the flagpole, which was only allowed to
happen because Billy was too drunk to recognize what he was using as a target and Hickey of
course didn't steer him away.
When he was done, Billy sank into the snow with a groan.
Hickey bent down and took his shoulders again. "Get up, come on. You'll freeze."
Billy mumbled something.
"Didn't catch that.", Hickey said.
"I missed you, Cornelius.", Billy repeated. "I can't stop thinking about you. I hate it."
Hickey didn't have a reply for that ready, so stunned was he.
"Should get drunk more often.", he finally said.
"I was only afraid that we get caught. Our entire life could be ruined, don't you see? We could
be lashed, hanged, even!"
Hickey sighed and pulled an unresisting Billy to his feet.
"Crozier won't hang us.", he said at length. "He's in love with Fitzjames."
Billy, who had been wallowing in his own self-pity up to this point, stared at Hickey,
dumbstruck.
"He... what?"
"He and Fitzjames are...", Hickey made a crude gesture to convey his meaning, realising too
late that he had bowed to Billy's aversion to plain speech yet again.
"But you didn't say that.", Billy muttered.
"Hm?"
"You said that Crozier is in love.", Billy clarified. "God knows, that isn't the same as fucking.
So how do you know?"

Hickey crossed his arms in thought. "Just certain signs I observed.", he said defensively.
Billy nodded. "I suppose in their positions, they wouldn't risk so much for anything else but
love."
Hickey scoffed. "They don't have to answer to anyone. They're risking nothing."
"No, Cornelius.", Billy replied. "The higher you rise, the more you have to lose. And just
because the men they answer to aren't here, doesn't mean that they don't exist. Besides, there
is Captain Sir John to consider. I'm sure he would have a fit if he found out."
"Oh, he just protects his own.", Hickey said with another scoff.
Not that it mattered any longer. He wondered when they would find the body.
Billy, who was seeming remarkably sober all of a sudden, stared at him, wide eyed. "You
don't mean to say that you... went to Sir John about Fitzjames and Crozier?!"
"Oh, no.", Hickey said, and Billy looked relieved for a brief moment, before Hickey added: "I
went to Irving. He went to Sir John with it."
"Jesus Christ, Cornelius."
"What? Fitzjames ratted us out, even though he's as guilty of the same sin as we are. They
deserved a little trouble for this."
"A little?", Billy repeated. "This could see them hanged, for Christ's sake!"
Hickey shrugged. "So?"
"I can't believe you sometimes."
Hickey pulled out a cigarette and leaned against one of the boxes insulating the tent walls.
"It didn't work, anyway."
"Be glad it didn't.", Billy said. "I don't want to come under scrutiny because I served under a
sodomite Captain."
Hickey lit his cigarette and exhaled slowly. "Believe me, when this is over we'll have bigger
problems than a little sodomy."
"What's that supposed to mean?"
Before Hickey could answer, they heard screams inside.
These weren't the same cadence as the the cheers and shouts of before, but had a cadence of
panic.
Someone yelled over the hubbub: "Fire! Fire!"

Hickey let the cigarette fall from his fingers, exchanging a look with Billy, before they
jumped to pull the boxes and other clutter away from the tent walls.
It quickly became clear that the other exits had been sealed off by someone, and the men had
no way of getting out.
Hickey felt a momentary stab of confusion.
This hadn't been part of the plan, obviously.
Something, or rather someone, had executed a different plot tonight.
Hickey and Billy tried to pull the tarp away, but whoever had tied it to the posts had done one
hell of a job.
Then Hickey pulled out his knife - why did he have a knife, you may ask? Hickey always
took care to have sharp objects on hand, should they be needed.
From the inside, men were pressing against the tarp, yelling and screaming. It already
smelled of smoke and cooked flesh.
"Move aside! Move aside!", Hickey yelled, and Billy joined in once he saw what Hickey was
going to do.
No one moved aside, but Hickey saw they didn't have time to wait longer. He took the knife
and stabbed into the tarp, pulling it down to make and opening.
He jumped back and the first men stumbled out, sputtering and coughing.
Meanwhile, on the horizon, the first rays of sunlight could be seen peeking through the
clouds.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 35: Francis
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Francis looked up, into the sunlight. He always felt at peace when seeing the sun again after
so long, but there was none of that, now.
Nine men had burned to death, others were severely injured.
Francis, who remembered another Carnivale like this, couldn't tell the two apart anymore.
Especially since in both cases, it had been Dr. Stanley who had lit the the fuse.
Francis could still see it. The Doctor, going up in flames, along with the tent walls.
The only question was what had prompted this in this time.
James had been holding a speech, rousing the men, because Francis had still been not quite
there yet. To be honest, even now Francis was struggling to stay in the present, or more
accurately, to know what the present was.
His mind felt like it had been beaten and drowned, and he was sure that he would soon
collapse if he didn't go to sleep of his own volition.
But he had to make sure that all the alive men were accounted for.
Goodsir, tattered and dejected, was going around among the injured, one of them Edward
with a cracked rib, whom Jopson refused to leave.
Thomas had received some burns, and Mr. Tozer had been nearly trampled while saving the
life of his fellow Marine, Private Heather.
Lieutenants Le Vesconte and Fairholme seemed alright, though they kept coughing badly,
same as Francis and many of the others.
Henry Peglar, Terror's Captain of the Foretop, had been carried out of the tent by Mr.
Bridgens and was still unconscious. Same as Jopson with Edward, Mr. Bridgens refused to
leave his friend.
Of course, out of all these Francis's main concern was James, but James, hale and whole,
thank God, was very obviously avoiding him under the guise of keeping order to their
tattered remains.
"These men need names yet.", he said, when Francis urged him to go back to the ship.
Francis was deeply worried, because everything they had done before the fire would be a lot
for any man, but then to see a part of their crew burn up in a blaze was too much to bear.

Francis himself only managed to barely hold on to reason.
And he still didn't know how Sir John had died, after everything. Had the fall off the ledge
killed him?
Francis barely remembered that already, only his broken cane somehow leading him to the
conclusion.
He needed to talk to James, but that was impossible at the moment.
They divided the sick between Terror and Erebus in the end, a distraught Mr. Bridgens
agreeing to take up the Doctor's duties in place of Dr. Stanley.
Francis at first tried to help carry everyone who needed to be carried, but his own leg hurt
badly and his mind was still out of sorts, so Goodsir practically ordered him to sleep not soon
after.
Back aboard Terror, Francis breathed a sigh of relief, even though he knew the worst was far
from over.
Jopson was busy, so Francis undressed himself and, exhausted though he was, made himself
wash off the worst of the smoke and soot off his skin.
Redressed in his underclothes, he all but crawled back to his berth and closed his eyes.
Sleep came, but not peace.
Deep in his heart, Francis knew that the other time had been obliterated, though part of him
had hoped that his memories of it would have disappeared as well. But he recalled
everything, down to the last detail.
James's death was still real to him, had still happened.
Perhaps he needed to have experienced that, so he would stay on the right path.
At least that was what he told himself to cope with it.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis couldn't even say what he had dreamed of, only that it was painful, because he was
somehow lost between the timelines again.
But it had been a dream, nothing more.
He was woken by Jopson, who still hadn't changed out of his dress. Much time couldn't have
passed, then.
"I'm sorry to wake you, sir, but they found the body.", Jopson said.
So Sir John really was dead. Francis hadn't realised until now that he hadn't known for sure.

Francis had barely dressed when the Lieutenants Irving and Hodgson came into his cabin.
"It seems the fire wasn't the only terrible thing that happened last night.", Irving said.
He looked close to tears, while Hodgson appeared more numb with shock.
"Jopson said something about Sir John?", Francis asked, feigning confusion.
"Sir John is dead, sir.", Hodgson announced. "I'm terribly sorry, but you are now the leader of
this expedition."
"How did he die?", Francis inquired. "He was safe on the Erebus, his state improving!"
"It appears that he ventured out after all. He slipped and fell in the dark, probably, though
Goodsir has yet to examine the body.", Irving pressed out.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis didn't like to pretend to be something he wasn't, and over the last days he had dreaded
this part acutely; he knew that the worst would be far from over even if they managed to kill
Sir John.
The eyes of the men would be on him as the new leader of the expedition, and he would have
to honor Sir John's legacy while secretly trying to undermine it.
He would have to pretend that he respected Sir John, and that his death was also a personal
tragedy for him.
As he made the trek over to Erebus with Goodsir, Hodgson and Irving, and then stood before
the assembled Lieutenants, Francis realised that he didn't even need to engage in as much
pretense as he'd thought.
His confusion over what precisely happened that night wasn't an act, and his guilt would read
as grief for the average person.
"Where is James?", Francis asked while the Lieutenants led him and Goodsir to view the
body.
"He all but collapsed when the news came.", Le Vesconte said. "I'm acting Captain until he is
recovered."
"I wish to see him, after."
"I don't think that's a good idea-", Le Vesconte began.
"No discussion, Lieutenant.", Francis interrupted him curtly.
Francis was aware that he was doing a bad job of hiding his dislike for Le Vesconte, but in
addition to not liking pretense he wasn't trying very hard.

"I will of course do my best to examine the body.", Goodsir put in. "But I need to return to
Terror shortly, as the victims of the fire need urgent medical attention."
"Of course.", Francis assured him.
He had balked at the request that Goodsir accompany him to Erebus for that exact reason,
seeing as Sir John was beyond mortal danger, different from the men on Terror, but then he
remembered that should there be anything suspicious about the body, they needed Goodsir to
remove the evidence or at least pretend it wasn't there.
They entered sickbay, where Bridgens was tending to the ill. One area had been carded off
with a curtain, and it was that that they entered now.
They almost didn't all fit in there, and had to stand close together.
Someone had covered the body with a cloth, which Le Vesconte now removed without
ceremony.
Sir John was lying there, pale and dead, his eyes closed. Only his face and neck were visible.
The rest of him was covered by his uniform, his slops had been removed.
"When we realised that he wasn't here, we sent out a search party.", Fairholme said. "They
discovered him at the foot of a slope a good deal west of here, lying in a pool of blood and
his lantern smashed beside him. It appears that he fell."
Francis nodded. He had a vague memory of the thud with which Sir John's body had hit the
ice.
"Why did he climb the slope, do you think?", Hodgson said into the solemn silence. "Was he
lost and trying to get his bearings?"
Goodsir, who had stepped up to the body and seemed to be in the process of locating the
wound Sir John had bled from, spoke up: "Maybe he was hiding from the beast. Multiple
people heard it howling in the distance last night. Dr. Stanley-"
Goodsir froze and stopped. It was too early, perhaps, to speak of Dr. Stanley and what he'd
done.
Men had died because of him, but Stanley's own chosen end had been so horrifying that
every anger Francis had since tried to summon didn't appear.
"Who was the last person who saw him?", Francis asked. "Did he make any intention known
to join the Carnivale?"
Their story was that James had gone over to Terror on his own, from where he had gone to
the celebrations with Little and Francis himself.
"That would be the Commander.", Fairholme said. "Captain now, I suppose."
Again, there was a silence.

"He has a wound on the back of his head.", Goodsir said. "It could be the thing that killed
him, together with hypothermia, but to be certain I have to examine the rest of his body."
The Lieutenants exchanged a look of almost childish fear at the thought of seeing the naked
corpse of their leader.
Hodgson began: "I'm sure this will suffice-"
"Do it, Mr. Goodsir.", Le Vesconte urged. "We will retire to the wardroom."
They got out from under the curtain, and Le Vesconte told Mr. Bridgens to assist Goodsir, so
they could both get back to their tasks faster.
"I'm sure Dr. Goodsir has it all well in hand.", Francis said. "At least one of our Doctors
should care for the sick."
"They will get back to it presently.", Le Vesconte replied, making no move to rescind the
order.
Once in the wardroom, Francis carefully avoided Sir John's customary place at the head of
the table, and sat down to the side instead. The others followed his example.
"What do we do now?", Irving asked finally.
Francis looked at the lost, tattered bunch that were his officers.
"We bury him.", Francis said. "We mourn him and we move on."
Fairholme nodded. Like many others, he had tears in his eyes. "Should we bury him along
with the victims of the Carnivale?"
"Yes. We don't have time for anything else.", Francis said. "Command- Captain Fitzjames
already alluded to it in his speech before the men, but there will be a change of plans."
Francis knew that for his own sake he shouldn't contradict Sir John's intentions so soon.
He shouldn't give himself a motive like that, put the others in danger this way.
On the other hand, no matter when he made his plans known, he would have a motive. And
they didn't have the time to dilly-dally, they needed to make their preparations, and make
them soon.
They had spent long enough doing nothing, and perhaps the setting of a task would help the
men, even.
Of course, the Terrors would probably take easier to the plan, having listened to his
sermons...
"We will make our preparations to walk out, towards Fort Resolution.", Francis told the
assembled table.

A dumbstruck silence followed this.
"Abandon the ships?", Fairholme finally said. "But thaw will come-"
"Thaw won't come.", Francis interrupted him. "That's not only my opinion, but that of the Ice
Masters, you'll find. Gentlemen, some of you will know that this isn't a new plan. I have been
advocating for it for months now, same as Captain Fitzjames. We were still working on the
task of convincing Sir John to agree, and I won't lie to you, since you know anyway that he
didn't. His death was a terrible accident, and I mourn him, same as you, but my duty now is
to the living, not the dead. We will abandon the ships."
"How do you know that his death was an accident?", Le Vesconte asked.
"Pardon?"
"Mr. Goodsir has not yet completed his examination. It could be that there was something...
nefarious about our leader's passing."
Francis leveled a disapproving stare at Le Vesconte. Le Vesconte stared right back, making
no effort to hide his dislike, no, hatred, and Francis felt an unpleasant twinge.
"What are you saying?", Francis demanded.
"I'm saying that perhaps someone who had a problem with Sir John took the opportunity of
the Carnivale to be rid of him once and for all, someone who didn't agree with his policy,
perhaps."
The anger was easy to summon. "Are you accusing me of something, Lieutenant?"
Le Vesconte didn't break eye contact. The others looked back and forth between him and
Francis in disbelief.
"I'm simply saying that it all might not be as easy as it seems.", Le Vesconte said.
"I've never said anything here was easy.", Francis replied. "Do you think it is easy to freeze to
death? To bleed out? To be dying alone, when your men are celebrating just a few inches
away? No matter how he died, we failed Sir John. We let the Arctic claim him, when it was
our duty to protect him."
"And you would honor his memory by contradicting his orders?", Le Vesconte accused.
"I'm doing what I need to for our survival. I'm sorry that I can't do right by Sir John, but I
have no choice."
"Choice.", Le Vesconte repeated, his voice ice. "Such an interesting concept, isn't it? I
wonder, did you give James any choice in adopting your... view of things?"
Despite his best efforts, Francis felt the words cut him deeply. It also made him suspicious, as
well as angry at Le Vesconte's brazeness.

He just had to drag James into this in front of the officers, hadn't he?
"Captain Fitzjames made his choices based on the facts, Lieutenant, because in case it isn't
clear to you, if we're stuck here another winter, with poisoned provisions and dwindling
resources, we're not going to survive. So unless you want to die, I suggest you stop
questioning my judgement."
Perhaps Francis could've worded that last part better, so it didn't sound like a threat, but
Francis was too enraged to care.
"Why should your judgement be any more sound than Sir John's?", Le Vesconte said, but he
sounded less sure of himself.
"It is our judgement as well.", Hodgson put in, before Francis could reply. "Isn't that right,
John?"
Irving nodded. "It's the poisoned cans... They really make things abysmal for us."
Fairholme and Le Vesconte exchanged a look, clearly disagreeing.
Francis saw that there seemed to be a gulf forming between the Lieutenants of Erebus and
Terror, and he would need James's help to bridge it.
There was a knock on the door, and Goodsir appeared.
"As far as I can discern, Sir John died from the fall off the slope.", he announced. "He had no
wounds beside the one on his head, though he clearly suffered bloodloss and hypothermia.
All we can hope for-" Goodsir stopped, his voice quivering. "Excuse me. All we can hope for
is that he didn't suffer overly long."
"Is there any evidence that someone was with him when he died, perhaps?", Le Vesconte
asked.
Goodsir blinked in confusion. "There was no one with him when he died, sir. Everyone was
at the Carnivale."
"Of course.", Le Vesconte said in an annoyed tone. "I was simply-"
"If you wish to accuse me, or anyone else, do it.", Francis said, spreading his arms. "There
isn't a shred of evidence, but you clearly only wish to satisfy your own quarrelsome
disposition, Lieutenant."
"Now, now.", Fairholme tried to arbitrate. "Let's not-"
Le Vesconte stared at Francis with look that the latter didn't like in the least, though he finally
said: "It's alright. I apologize for my suspicions, Captain. This is a trying time for all of us."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Francis didn't want to interrupt James in case he was sleeping, but at the same time he knew
he needed to talk to him.
He finally decided to check up on him, quietly, telling the others, especially Le Vesconte,
who didn't want to give him leave, it seemed, to go away so he could talk to James alone.
To be honest, Francis had thought it was going to be worse. More of them would be
suspicious, or there would be an obvious discrepancy with the body.
I can handle Le Vesconte, Francis thought grimly.
Francis knew that a small, petty part of him relished fighting with James's former paramour,
even though their fight wasn't about James like it should've been. Yet Francis refused to
consider it too closely.
He also knew it was dangerous to think like that, and that was why he tried to ignore it.
James was lying in his berth, face stained with soot and still wearing the tattered remnants of
the Lady of the Lake dress.
Francis was appalled that the Stewards had allowed James to go to bed like that, until
remembered that firstly, Mr. Bridgens, who normally tended to James, was very busy, and
secondly, that James had just collapsed and had probably been carried to bed like this.
Someone had put a fresh wash basin on the table, and Francis knew that the smart thing to do,
considering all the scrutiny he was under, was to get Mr. Hoar, but Francis didn't.
Instead, he closed the door behind him and approached James's prone form.
"I'm awake.", came the murmur from his lips. "Hello, Francis."
James opened his eyes, but didn't raise his head to regard him.
Francis had seen James quite literally at his worst before, physically. He had seen him as he
lay dying.
But this, this was something else. This time, it was James's soul that was suffering, and
Francis felt utterly helpless once more, wishing more than anything to take the pain from
James.
Even though he needed to ask about Sir John, Francis decided that it wasn't the time.
"What do you need, James? How can I help you?"
James drew a hand over his face. "I don't suppose you might leave me to seek the brown
study alone?"
"I will not, because I don't think it will be good for you.", Francis said carefully.
He didn't quite dare approach James, and so stood frozen at the door.

"I can't sleep.", James said at length. "The smell of the fire is everywhere."
That brought action to Francis’s cowardly limps.
"Come on then. Let's get you cleaned up.", Francis said, going over the washbasin.
"I can't move."
"You can, James. You needn't punish yourself so-"
"But I killed him.", James whispered.
Francis stopped fussing with the washcloth and went to James instead. He touched his cheek,
and James turned his face into his hand.
"I wasn't sure.", Francis admitted.
"I killed him.", James confirmed. "And now I'll never be free of him."
"Don't say that."
James made a broken sound that Francis realised was supposed to be a laugh. "It's only fair. I
don't deserve anything less."
"You-", Francis began, taking both of James's hands. "You saved us all. I would've done it, if
I could-"
"But you didn't.", James said hollowly.
Francis squeezed his hands. "Let's look forward now, hm? We still have to get out of here
alive."
However, James didn't seem to have the capacity to hear this right now, and simply turned
away from Francis.
Francis decided to change his tune. "Come on, James. Up with you."
James made a sound that reminded Francis of himself as a petulant youngster, refusing to get
up early to go to school.
"Now, James."
With some more coaxing, James was finally able to get into a sitting position, then standing
before Francis in his ruined dress.
"Get that off.", Francis ordered.
James huffed, but slowly began to peel himself out of the dress. Francis helped him get it
over his head, and it fell to the floor as a shimmering, bloody heap.

Francis regarded James's underclothes. His shirt was stained with blood as well, and they also
smelled of smoke and sweat, out of which the smoke wasn't tolerable.
"Get those off, as well.", Francis said.
James raised a tired eyebrow at him, but aquiesced. Francis moved to help him, yet James
shrank back at his touch. Francis said to himself that this didn't pain him, but of course it did.
When James was standing naked before him, Francis went to the wash basin and took up the
cloth.
Carefully, as if approaching a skittish horse, Francis stepped before James and raised his
hand.
James didn't seem to see it, but didn't flinch away this time when Francis touched him,
cleaning the soot off his skin.
"It's cold.", he finally said.
"I'll be quick.", Francis replied. "Arms up. Yes, like that."
It felt deeply personal, this, somehow even more so than the physical intimacy of the past.
Francis couldn't help his arousal after a while of attending to James's gooseflesh- pebbled
skin, and he hoped that James wouldn't notice, whose own cock stayed soft.
On the other hand, James seemed to barely register that he was even there.
When he was done, Francis pulled some clean clothes out from under James's berth and
dressed him as professionally as he could.
"I told them that we would walk out.", Francis said to break the silence finally. "As soon as
there is daylight enough."
James nodded slowly. "That's good."
"I don't think any of them are suspicious, save for your Le Vesconte."
Francis winced internally. He could've phrased that better.
"How is Dundy suspicious?", James asked, after a silence so long that Francis hadn't believed
he would speak at all.
"He believed that there was something wrong with Sir John's death.", Francis said. "But don't
worry, if he suspects anyone it's me, and also, Goodsir examined the body and found nothing
nefarious."
"Hm."

Francis found himself smoothing down James's clothes with his hands, reluctant to let him
go. He wanted to offer comfort, but he didn't know if his touch was wanted.
He let his hands drop to his sides, and said: "Sit down. Let me look at that head of yours."
James followed the order without protest and sat on his berth, turned to the side.
Francis found the stitches only after a moment of combing through James's hair, which was
encrusted with blood, wax, and Lord knew what else.
"What happened there?", he asked.
"Mr. Hartnell. He had a lantern and - I don't know precisely how it happened, but he hit me
over the head with it. It was an accident, of course. Goodsir, he - he stitched it together. That's
why he wasn't watching Stephen when he..."
"Do you have any idea why Stanley did what he did?"
James mutely shook his head.
Well, everyone had been saying that Stanley hadn't been in his right mind lately, so perhaps
there would never be an explanation.
Francis carefully began to clean James's hair as well, working with the cloth and James's
horsehair comb, a vanity he would've scoffed at before. Now it made him smile fondly.
"Francis, you don't have to -", came James's rather belated protest.
"Hush. I know you think it a crime to not have that damned hair of yours polished to
perfection at all times."
"Still, this isn't your job -"
"Mr. Bridgens is busy, and I doubt you would let even Mr. Hoar within ten inches of your
head.", Francis said.
"I shouldn't let you within ten inches of my head.", James grumbled.
Francis dared press a kiss to James's neck. "Very true."
"Francis-", James began, but at that moment there was a knock on the door.
"Is everything alright in there?", came Le Vesconte's voice.
"Go away, Lieutenant. That's an order.", thundered Francis, at the same moment that James
called: "Come in!"
Le Vesconte opened the door and poked his head in. Francis wanted to strangle him.
"I just wanted to make sure you were briefed correctly, James.", Le Vesconte said. He took in
the scene with a raised eyebrow. "Should I get Mr. Hoar? I'm afraid Bridgens is unavailable."

"We're making do.", Francis said, refusing to feel a trace of shame at getting caught doing a
Steward's job.
"I see.", Le Vesconte said, a sneer appearing briefly on his face. "How are you, James?"
"Better.", James replied. "I'm awfully sorry for dropping off on you like this. But Sir John's
death... it's a lot."
"I know."
Le Vesconte looked like he wanted to say something more, but thought better of it.
"I'll leave you to it."
After Le Vesconte had left, James visibly folded in on himself.
"You need to sleep.", Francis said. "I'll be done in just a moment."
"I can't sleep.", James whispered in a small voice. "Every time I close my eyes..." He shook
his head. "I do need sleep."
Francis wished to stay with him, to lie down with him and pull him close. But he knew that
was an impossibility just now.
He couldn't linger, needed to be back on Terror. James could visit him there, when he was
strong enough, and there would be less scrutiny from the crew.
"There.", Francis said. "Can't say it looks perfect, but at least I didn't make it worse."
"Thank you.", James muttered, not even bothering to look in the mirror.
"Before I go, there is one thing I must ask you.", Francis said.
"Yes?"
Francis took a deep breath. He didn't want to hurt James, but at the same time he needed to
know.
"How did he die?"
James whipped around to face him, his expression haunted. Francis cursed himself inwardly.
"I strangled him to death with his comforter.", James said at last.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Can you guess who's our Antony yet ;)?

Chapter 36: James
James, help me...
James, I can't move... Please...
James...
James's eyes snapped open. He couldn't close them without hearing Sir John's voice, out on
the ice, calling out to him.
He knew Sir John's body was lying in sickbay right now, stiff and cold. James wondered if
someone had closed his eyes. They must've, surely.
Then why could James still feel them staring at him?
It took James hours to fall asleep, despite the fact that he was exhausted. In his dreams, Sir
John haunted him.
James woke, a scream on his lips, to Sir John calling out to him again. He didn't feel rested,
but was at least able to get up.
Breakfast with the officers was a quiet affair, and James could sense that Dundy and
Fairholme tried to give him time to recover.
When they were almost done eating, Fairholme cleared his throat and asked: "Is it true that
you agree with Crozier's plan? To abandon the ships?"
"I do.", James said. "Francis wouldn't lie to you, we have been trying to convince Sir John for
weeks."
"It didn't work, though.", Dundy said.
There was something in his tone that James didn't like.
"No, it did not.", James muttered as he shoved the last of the food into his mouth.
It tasted like ashes, somehow.
"Will you move into the Captain's bunk?", Fairholme asked, in a voice of hushed superstition.
James shook his head. Please no, he thought.
"My own bunk suits me perfectly fine. I see no reason to move."
"When will be the funeral?", Dundy asked.

It occurred to James that yes, he could decide now when they should hold the funeral. Francis
surely wouldn't contradict him.
"As soon as possible.", James said without hesitation. "There's much to do besides that, after
all."
When they were finished, Dundy caught his arm by the door, after Fairholme had already left.
"Will you clear out his things?"
James felt faintly ill. Of course, someone had to gather Sir John's personal effects, catalogue
them. The mere idea had James losing his mind.
When he didn't answer, Dundy said: "I can do it. I understand this is a lot for you."
James was dizzy with relief. "Really? You would?"
"Of course. Anything for you, James."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James tried to avoid sickbay, where the body lay, but after the third excuse he had come up
with in order not to go there, he had to admit defeat.
"How can I help you, Mr. Bridgens?", he asked the Steward turned Doctor.
Bridgens smiled tiredly. "Hello, Captain. Actually, I was just going to drop off for a bit. I did
everything I could for everyone, dressed their wounds."
"He'll have us right as rain soon!", Mr. Morfin called, and the other patients agreed.
James nodded. "Then leave, I'll talk to the men a bit."
"There is one thing...", Bridgens began in a low voice.
"Yes?"
"If you happen to go over to Terror soon, will you check on Harry Peglar for me? He was in a
bad state after the Carnivale."
"Of course.", James said.
After Bridgens left, James did his best not to stare at the area that was curtained off, where
the body lay. Instead, he went to every one of the injured and spoke a few words or
encouragement, which was sorely needed.
He wasn't the only one affected by Sir John's death, he quickly saw.
Sir John had given them all courage, and they worshipped him in return.

"I just can't believe it...", one of the men said. "How he wanted to join us, and died out there,
cold and alone, while we celebrated..."
James swallowed. "I won't mince words. It was awful to lose him like that. But he would
want us to look forward. And that is what we'll do."
James didn't know how much effort it cost him, to maintain good cheer and encourage the
men, until he left sickbay and felt like he was about to collapse again.
You're the worst kind of fraud, he told himself.
James knew that he needed to see Francis.
They needed to make a plan together, as he hadn't been able to when Francis had been here.
They would also need to begin organizing for their long walk, something that likely couldn't
be done in just one meeting.
He had told Francis yesterday what he'd done, and Francis had looked at him in a way that
made James want to cry.
There was admiration, terror, and a deep sadness that somehow hurt most of all.
James knew Francis was blaming himself for not killing Sir John himself. And James was
alarmed by the fact that a part of him thought: As he should. It was his plan, his idea. Why
should IBut then, James remembered that this wasn't just about Francis, but all their lives. And hadn't
James himself told Francis You can't bear my soul for me?
Still, James realised that he was looking for someone to blame, because just blaming himself
would destroy his sanity.
And Francis, dear Francis, would take the blame without flinching. He already did, after all.
James didn't want to see him while he was having thoughts like that. He saw himself as
something ugly, despicable. He didn't want to subject others to that sight, least of all Francis.
Yet that didn't matter in the grand scheme of things, James was aware.
He needed to pull himself together and do what was best for the men, or everything would've
been for nothing.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis was bent over a stack of papers in the Great Cabin, when James entered. That he had
shaved his beard off was the first thing James noticed about him.
The second was that there was a new cane leaning against the table.

James wondered what had happened to Francis’s broken one. Probably perished in the fire,
and a good thing it was too...
Francis jumped to his feet immediately upon seeing James, then winced, likely at the pain in
his leg.
"Still not entirely healed?", James asked.
Francis sighed. "I'm beginning to think that this is somehow meant to punish me for my
many, many mistakes."
"Don't start.", James said lightly. "You did nothing wrong, as of late. It was I who-" He
stopped, shaking his head. "Let's not talk so. There are many other things to discuss."
When Francis had rung Jopson for tea and James settled in his place, James hoped they
would get right down to business.
Instead, Francis reached for his hand on the table. "How are you?"
James snatched his hand back. "I'm fine."
Francis raised an eyebrow at him. "Fine.", he repeated, sceptical.
"Yes, fine. Please don't ask again."
I'm not deserving of even your pity.
"James-"
"We have much to discuss. Why don't we start?"
Francis sighed again. "Alright. But know that I won't let you leave before you have told me
the truth."
James glared at him helplessly. He had words in his head, hurtful words he wanted to hurl at
Francis, but he stopped himself at the last moment.
"I think we should send out a delegation to meet the Netsilik ahead of time.", Francis said,
leaving it be for now. "Because of the can situation, we will soon be entirely dependant on
hunting to survive, and no one on either ship is a professional. They are."
"Sounds sensible.", James replied. "Who can we spare?"
"I thought Thomas should be in the lead, as he speaks their language. The rest of the men, I
thought..." Francis looked at him, something cagey about his gaze, before continuing in a
firmer voice: "... the rest of the men should be from Erebus, to get them better prepared for
what is to come. Beginning with Lieutenant Le Vesconte."
James scoffed in disbelief. "You're not serious."

"Entirely.", Francis said. "He's suspicious, questions Sir John's death. The best thing in this
delicate time is to get him away from the ships and most of the men."
"Are sure that's why you want to do this? And not just because you're jealous?", James
replied pointedly.
To his surprise, Francis stayed calm. "You didn't see him yesterday, James. He all but accused
me of killing Sir John."
James shook his head. "He's just grieving, Francis. I'm sure he didn't mean anything by it."
"Still, I want him with the delegation."
"I'll ask him if he wants to go."
Now, Francis looked angry. "You'll have to order him, otherwise he'll say no."
"Because you know Dundy so well.", James scoffed.
"Damn it, you need to take this seriously, James! There might be actual danger from him."
"Only because you refuse to treat him with even the slightest amount of respect!", James
fired back. "He's just lashing out because-"
"Because for two damn years, you told him every day what a despicable human being I am!",
Francis interrupted him.
James felt himself flush in embarrassment.
"Go on, deny it.", Francis hissed. "We'll both know you're lying, but go on."
James pulled himself together. "I'm sure it's not any worse than what you told Thomas about
me."
"But I wasn't fucking Thomas, was I?"
Despite himself, James felt shame rise in him. Not necessarily about fucking Dundy, but a
more general sense of having done wrong.
He had enough of this conversation. He rose to his feet and said: "I promised Bridgens that I
would check on Mr. Peglar. I'll do it now."
Francis stared at him for a moment, absolutely livid, before composing himself.
"I'll accompany you.", he said, reaching for his cane. "Thomas is in sickbay, we can tell him
of our plan."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
James didn't want to fight with Francis, but the entire thing with Dundy just brought it out in
him.

He absolutely refused to believe that Dundy of all people was on to them, and that this wasn't
because Dundy and Francis, for various reasons, clearly hated each other.
Maybe it was James's fault. He certainly wasn't proud of how he had talked about Francis
since meeting him for the first time. He now knew that while Sir John had wanted him to get
along better with Francis, he hadn't exactly discouraged James from complaining.
And James? He had just wanted Francis to like him, for God's sake, and when it had become
clear that that wasn't going to happen, he had decided to despise him, instead.
No one but Francis could make him feel so small, so much like a fraud.
He hadn't wanted Dundy to see that in him, and now it appeared that he hadn't, that he had
taken all of James's complaints at face value. Wonderful.
Mr. Blanky was recovering well, though he was in a lot of pain.
"Doctor says it's a good thing. Means that there isn't any nerve damage.", Thomas grit out
when Francis and James stood to either side of his cot.
"Haven't you taken laudanum?", James asked.
"I gave him a little.", Goodsir, who had walked over, put in. "The problem is, our stores are
severely depleted since the death of Dr. McDonald."
James remembered the broken bottles on the shale, and nodded.
"So, what can old me do for you?", Thomas asked.
"As soon as you feel up for it, I'd like you to go and head a delegation to meet the Netsilik.",
Francis said. "I'm sorry to ask you this, I would go myself if I could..."
"No, you need to stay here. Be a leader to the men.", Thomas agreed. "I will go. Any wishes
on who I should take with me?"
"I would. Go as well, that is.", Goodsir interjected. "My grasp of the Netsilik language is
poor, still, but I'm sure I can be of some assistance..."
Francis looked torn. "You could, but we also need you as our Doctor..."
Goodsir nodded sadly. "Of course. I will stay if you wish it, Captain."
"Let's see how things develop as Thomas is healing, Dr. Goodsir.", Francis said, seemingly
sensing that Goodsir very badly wanted to be away from the ships.
James couldn't blame him. The strain the had all been under when they had still tried to
poison Sir John had been considerable...
"How is Mr. Peglar?", James asked Goodsir, turning to where the Captain of the foretop was
lying on a cot, sleeping.

"He regained consciousness last night, but was confused and agitated. He has no burns, but
got hit on the head, as many did, it seems..."
"Will he survive?"
Goodsir contemplated his patient. "I don't know. I tried to keep him awake yesterday, on
account of his injury, and he did seem to be getting better, but I can make no certain
prediction."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They kept Thomas company until he fell into a laudanum-induced slumber, planning the
delegation to the Netsilik.
James actually felt a little less miserable, distracted by their current problems like this.
When he was alone with Francis once more, it all came crashing down on him again,
however.
"I should go back to Erebus.", James said, clearing his throat. "Funeral preparations and the
like. I'll be back tomorrow."
"James.", Francis said admonishingly. "I said I would not let you go until you told me the
truth about how you feel. I meant it."
James shook his head. "And I said that I'm fine, Francis."
"Only an idiot would believe that."
James stood up and shoved his chair back in place, gazing lividly at Francis.
"What would you have me say?", James demanded. "That I feel guilty? That moreover, I am
guilty, and am deserving of punishment? That can't sleep without hearing his voice, calling
out to me?"
"James-"
"Save it, Francis. You can't help me. I don't want you to help me."
Much to his mortification, James felt tears sting in his eyes.
"I'm leaving.", he pressed out.
Francis was on his feet in a flash and grabbed James by his shoulders as he reached for the
door.
James made the mistake of turning around, and the compassion in Francis's gaze nearly left
him undone. He shoved at Francis and a bit of a scuffle broke out, that ended with James
falling limply into Francis's arms and sobbing into his shoulder.

"I'm so sorry.", Francis whispered. "Oh, James, I'm so sorry."
James hated himself for being so weak, but he clutched at Francis like his life depended on it.
He told himself that he needed this, just for a moment, or else this would happen on Erebus,
in front of the men, and that would be most inconvenient.
Francis stroked his hair, and murmured sweet nothings, and James could feel the guilt in him,
too.
"There isn't time.", James said, once he could speak again. "We have to learn how to live with
it, but there isn't time."
"Perhaps it will help, hm?", Francis replied, pushing James slightly away from his chest, so
he could look him in the eyes. "Distract us."
James nodded, not really believing it. Francis pulled out a handkerchief and gave it to James.
"Thank you."
"Keep it.", Francis said when James had wiped his face and handed it back.
A cautious smile bloomed on James's face. "I'm like a knight, then. Wearing your favor."
"If you want to cast me as the blushing maiden, sure.", Francis answered.
"You'd make a pretty maiden."
"Not as pretty as you."
James felt his heart warm at their easy flirtation, even as he still felt horrible. But it was
getting better.
It wouldn't be over for a long time, perhaps never, yet it would get more bearable.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dundy stared at James in disbelief. "Crozier wants to send me away, and you're helping
him?"
"It's not like that.", James protested, knowing, of course, that it was exactly like that.
"What the hell would I do with the Esquimaux?"
"We need someone of high rank to accompany the delegation.", James said. "That's the entire
reason we thought of you."
Dundy eyed him, making it very clear that he was not buying it. "We, eh?"
James sighed. "Look, do you want to accompany the delegation or not?"
"You're giving me a choice?"

"Of course I'm giving you a choice! You're my friend, and unlike Francis, I don't think you
want to sabotage our command."
"Crozier thinks that?", Dundy asked, his tone unreadable.
"I don't know what he thinks!", James replied, believing that it would be bad form to tell
Dundy about Francis's jealousy. "Please, don't try to antagonise him anymore. We don't have
time for this kind of strife."
Dundy looked at him for a long moment. "I see that, but still I would rather not go on the
delegation. I know nothing about the Esquimaux, and I believe I would be of better help here.
And also, I want to be there for the funeral. Mourn Sir John as he deserves."
The thought of the funeral made James's stomach drop. How was he going to stand beside
Francis as he eulogized the man they had murdered?
James, who had always relished the opportunity to put on an act in front of people, felt
himself now shrink in terror.
"I understand.", he said, trying to pull himself together. "You don't have to go."
"Good. Also, I found Sir John's draft of his latest sermon among his things.", Dundy replied,
seemingly oblivious to James's inner turmoil. "I thought you could deliver it, perhaps, at his
funeral?"
"I could not.", James choked out. "Dundy, I..."
"Then, perhaps you'll allow me to deliver it.", Le Vesconte said. "I know it isn't customary for
anyone but the Captain to speak, but I only wish to ease your burden."
James should've been alarmed at that, at the very least the notion that Dundy wanted to make
anything easier for Francis, who was going to speak. But James was too preoccupied trying
not lose himself in panic.
"Of course.", he said. "It will be good for the crew, to hear the sermon."
"My thoughts exactly."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 37: Francis
Chapter Notes

I apologize for whatever this is... Sometimes the characters do what they want I swear.

"So, you didn't order him.", Francis said.
He was barely keeping his anger in check, anger that had started as worry for James's and all
of their fates.
They were still far from safe, and the way to Fort Resolution was so long that they might all
die anyway.
Anger was a way, at least, to not feel completely powerless.
"I'm not going to destroy my entire friendship with Dundy just because you want him away
from the ships.", James replied.
"Quite a fragile friendship, if it can be destroyed by you simply doing your duty for once in
your life.", Francis observed, knowing he was being unfair, yet not caring.
James's expression became a snarl, and he hissed: "How dare you?"
"How dare I?!", Francis yelled.
They were standing in the Great Cabin, the door locked, as if that would help their secrets
stay what they were. As it was, Jopson probably heard every word.
"Your so-called friendship with Le Vesconte is apparently more important to you than our
very survival, and you ask me how I dare?!"
"Our very survival? How about your petty jealousy!", James lowered his voice on the last
words, but still Francis winced.
"You think I'm only advocating for this because I'm jealous? James, he openly accused me of
a heinous crime! He needs to be stopped!"
"He accused you because you act like a mean old tyrant towards him, not because he knows
anything!", James shot back.
"Fine.", Francis spat. "Fine. I'm going to order him to be on the delegation myself."

The way James stared at him reminded Francis of an angry cat about to pounce. He certainly
hissed like one when he replied: "No, you're not! You'll only make it worse!"
"Worse than you? When I give you an order, I expect you to follow it!", Francis thundered.
James started to advance on him, but Francis refused to step back. It was truly like old times,
and maybe that should've alarmed Francis, just like the fact that they were standing so close.
However, the anger didn't leave room for sadness, just for the thought of how magnificent
James looked with his eyes flashing like that.
"So that's all I am to you? A puppet that should blindly follow your orders, without
consideration, without-"
"What you are to me is my Second, James. You're supposed to be on my side, not stab me in
the back!"
This argument was getting ridiculous, just like his words, but Francis was boiling too much
with frustration to keep himself in check.
"Stab you in the back, did I?", James sneered. "Have you ever thought that I was only doing
what was best for all of us, because, unlike you, I know Dundy?"
"Yes, I'm aware that you know him.", Francis returned acidly. "Which is exactly why you're
blind to the danger now!"
James took another step towards him, and their buttons clacked together.
"Even if Dundy suspects us, sending him away is not going to do anything, besides make
certain for him that we are the enemy.", he hissed. "And all this is just an excuse for you
anyway."
Francis leaned down, almost as if he were to kiss James. His blood was thundering in his
head.
"An excuse?", Francis repeated. "I'm thinking of our very survival, and you accuse me of
serving my own selfish agenda-"
"Your own selfish, idiotic jealousy!", James threw back in his face. "Don't act so high and
mighty, Francis. I know you, just as I know Dundy-"
That was a comparison Francis could not let stand. "You will not compare me to that twofaced snake!"
"What is his crime, hm?", James said, in a surprisingly calm, low voice. "That he doesn't like
you? That you don't like him? That he's had me, countless times before you?"
"James, don't-"
"Yes, he's had me! On sea, on land, in the fucking desert under the stars!"

Now, as James advanced on him, Francis did take steps back, while each word cut with the
precision of a scalpel.
"Our time in port in Hong Kong, we spent all day in bed, eating and fucking, and it was good,
so good!" James almost moaned the last words, and Francis had to resist the urge to slap him
across the face.
James seemed to read his mind, though, for he said: "Go on, Francis, punish me for that.
Punish me for loving another, do it-"
A growl made it past Francis's lips, and before he knew had, he had taken James by lapels
and pushed him against the cabinet wall. There was the treacherous sound of china rattling,
but neither cared.
"You did not love him.", Francis snarled.
"Didn't I?", James whispered.
They stared at each other for a beat, James full of enraged defiance and Francis with helpless
anger.
They shouldn't be fighting, Francis thought. The only were because they were afraid, Francis
could see that, but still he couldn't stop.
The air between them was charged; had been ever since Francis had first mentioned Le
Vesconte days ago.
"You did not!", Francis snarled, running his hands down James's arms.
James stared at him, biting the inside of his cheek, then his lips. There was something wanton
about the gesture, Francis thought.
He remembered his fantasy that had started with them fighting this way, and soon as he did
he could think of nothing but kissing James, claiming him, making him his.
James, meanwhile, didn't struggle to get out of his grip, but looked at him like he knew
exactly what Francis was imagining.
"Did I tell you about that time in Thingae, where Dundy-"
"You will shut your mouth!", Francis hissed.
James raised an arch eyebrow at him. "Oh, will I?"
Francis dug his fingers into James's elbows and leaned forward. James's breath was coming
fast. Further, until their lips almost touched. There Francis stopped.
James exhaled, exasperated. "Oh, for fuck's sake, if you don't kiss me now-"

Francis kissed him, putting all his anger and frustration into it. James kissed back just as
furiously, and their teeth clacked together more than once, making it more biting than kissing.
When Francis drew back, he moved one of his hands to James's neck, caressing it as James
chased after his lips with a whine.
"Someone needs to teach you respect.", Francis whispered darkly. "Show you your place."
"My place?", James sneered, even as his pupils dilated. "And where's that, exactly?"
Francis leaned forward and nipped at James's ear, encouraged by the full-body shudder that
went through James.
"Careful, James. You wouldn't want me to do anything rash, would you?", Francis panted,
trying out this role for himself.
He didn't know precisely what was happening, only that they both wanted it.
"I doubt you could hurt me even if you tried.", James replied haughtily.
"Oh, I would never hurt you, my girl.", Francis hissed, even as he pulled lightly and James's
hair - lightly, as to not upset the stichted together wound.
A low moan left James's lips, and he nugded his hips forward. Francis put his other hand on
James's chest and pushed him back.
"I'm just going to teach you some manners, how about that?"
Before Francis could do anything else, James crashed their lips together again. Still, it was
Francis who shoved his tongue into James's waiting mouth. James sucked on it, in addition to
making some quiet noises that drove Francis to distraction.
Before, Francis had been more comfortable letting James take the lead, and he still felt a bit
out of his depth now. At the same time, it somehow appeared as if it was not he leading
James on, but both of them playacting at something they also both wanted.
Francis stepped back to undo the buttons of James's uniform, while James stared at him with
a look that had Francis's cock twitch in his trousers.
He was fully hard, and could see James in the same state.
The uniform jacket parted to reveal James's shirt and waistcoat. Francis took his time with
them, too, relishing the anticipation.
"And, will you?", Francis asked, dipping his fingers under James's shirt.
"Will I what?", James fired back sharply.
Francis would be discomfited by his patrician sneer, had he not seen the obvious signs of
James's enthusiasm. Still, it was a bit like confronting his fears, this, because the situation

demanded of him the confidence to no be affected by James's fake disdain.
"Will you do as I say? Will you follow your Captain?"
Will you be mine?
James seemed to hear the unspoken part very well, the bastard. He smiled, the kind of smile
that Francis remembered receiving from across dinner tables, with barbed edges.
"If it pleases me.", he said, tossing his hair in just the way that drove Francis livid.
Francis grabbed James by his uniform, turned him around and pushed him against the table.
James made a sound against his teeth, and for a moment Francis worried he had gone too far,
but in addition to not fighting his grip - Francis knew that James was probably the stronger
man out of the two of them, with youth and height on his side- James pushed his arse back
against Francis's crotch, rubbing against him.
The friction was delicious, and it got even better when James bared his neck, which Francis
attacked with lips and teeth, daring to leave a small mark beneath his open collar.
James groaned his name in encouragement, and Francis allowed himself to chuckle darkly
against his handy work.
"If it pleases you, hm? Wicked hussy!"
He set his teeth lower, leaving another mark, and James squirmed in his arms, not trying to
get away, but to inch closer to Francis.
Francis himself was balancing them in a rather precarious position, hoping dimly than James
wouldn't buck too hard and throw them both backwards.
"Now, let's try this again.", Francis panted.
James was still rubbing himself against Francis's clothed cock, and it took every ounce of his
self-restraint not to rut back against him like an animal.
James was breathing heavily as well, as well as making tiny sounds of pleasure he didn't
seem to be able to help.
If someone came in now, seeing James in a state of undress would be the tamest of the whole
spectacle, but Francis reminded himself that the door was locked, and he told Jopson that
they were not to be disturbed.
Francis put his hand under James's shirt, running over his stomach and chest until he found a
peaked nipple and twisted it between his fingers.
"Fuck...", James hissed.
Since James didn't struggle, Francis let his other hand wander lower, down James stomach to
the waistband of his trousers.

"Will you swear to me?", Francis demanded.
"So now, you want me to swear - good Christ!"
Precisely then, Francis had opened his trousers and slipped his hand inside, palming James's
heated flesh. With the other one, he kept teasing James's nipples with no small amount of
wonder.
He still couldn't believe that he could inflame James thus. Especially not with his
possessiveness, which hitherto had been a rather pathetic quality, built on his own
insecurities.
Really, it still was, but James didn't seem to mind.
"Francis, Francis, Fran-"
Francis felt finally obligated to cover James's mouth with one of his hands, and James kept
on moaning and sighing against his fingers.
Francis tightened his grip on James's cock, and murmured in his ear: "I asked you something,
my Second. Be good and answer me, or else I shall have to punish you."
"How will you punish me?", James asked immediately after Francis had removed the hand
from his mouth. "Please, sir, how will you-"
Francis slapped his hand back into place before he would do something he might regret. He
dimly wondered what it said about him, that it made him shiver in pleasure when James
called him "sir" in that tone.
He quickly decided to leave his nagging conscience for later, though.
"How about I bend you over this table and fuck you?", Francis growled, and James moaned
something incoherent against his palm.
Francis removed his hand. "What was that?", he demanded.
"I will n-not swear, until you punish me, sir, I will not..."
"I see.", Francis said, wondering if it was possible to perish from lust.
Momentarily, Francis turned his head to the side and took a breath that wasn't full of the
smell of James and macassar oil, contemplating the situation.
He would not hurt James again, even as part of the game, so they needed something with
which to grease the way.
It said something about the state of Francis's distraction that he only remembered the tin of
grease in his bunk after a moment.

It was for chapped lips and fingers, the constant companion of cold, and Francis had packed
it with foresight after previous experiences, never having any lewd intentions in mind.
The whiskey had made him practically impotent, anyway.
Francis let go of James's cock - a sound of disappointment from James - and pushed him
down onto the desk. Francis only then realised that James was lying on a chart of the Arctic
sea that he had spread there to go over with James after the matter of Le Vesconte was settled.
Francis had wanted to talk about where they might find leads and what to do if they didn't.
"Francis?", James asked, raising his head slightly from Baffin Bay, which brought Francis
back to the present.
Right, they were in the middle of committing another foolishness, but Francis couldn't bring
himself to care.
The anger, the helplessness, it could all be kept at bay for at least another moment with James
in his arms. Or in this case, underneath him.
Francis pressed James's head down again. "Stay. Be good. I'll be back shortly."
Francis rummaged around for the tin in his bunk, clumsy in his haste.
When he had found it and walked back, James had pushed the map to the other side of the
table, and was leaning on his elbow, regarding Francis with an arched eyebrow.
Francis stopped to stare at him for a moment, overcome by his beauty.
James's eyebrow climbed even higher.
"Well?", he asked haughtily.
That was enough to get Francis's blood boiling again, and doubtlessly calculated.
Francis stepped up to James and pushed him back into the table by his hair, careful to grab it
well away from the wound.
"I told you to stay.", he hissed, and James groaned.
"Perhaps you need to punish me further.", James suggested, in that same tone that had always
driven Francis mad at the beginning of their acquaintance.
Francis hesitated for the barest moment. He had something in mind, but he didn't know if
James would like it. Perhaps they should've had a sober talk about this beforehand instead of
fighting about Le Vesconte, but what was done was done.
Francis reached for James's trousers, unhooked his braces, and pulled them down, since this
was working towards the main objective, as it were.

Once James's arse was bared to him, Francis rowed his hands over it appreciatively, never
having had the opportunity before.
James made an impatient huffing sound, and, guided by instinct, Francis gave one cheek a
light smack.
"Yes! Oh, yes, harder, please...", James uttered at once, and Francis felt most poignant relief
as he smacked him again, harder, as requested.
Francis had never liked to cause his lovers pain, even abhorred it, but he was beginning to see
that this had been not because he averse to doing it, per se, but because he saw it as indecent
to do so, wrong.
And of course, it was wrong and indecent to do it to someone who didn't like it.
But James, beautiful, maddening James, obviously did.
Part of Francis wondered once more whether James was punishing himself for killing Sir
John, but he pushed that thought away almost as soon as it came up.
Sir John had no room in these considerations, and Francis wouldn't metaphorically open the
door to let him in.
"Now, tell me,", Francis began, bringing down his palm on James's right cheek this time.
James let out a smothered howl. "Will you swear now?"
"Swear what?"
Francis smacked him hard, while simultaneously pulling him up by the hair. "I won't tolerate
any cheek from you, boy."
James gasped. "Swear what, sir?", he asked breathily.
"That you'll follow my orders when I give them."
"I don't think that- ah - that is what you want, sir.", James panted. "Oh, yes, harder..."
"What was that?", Francis demanded. He pushed James's reddened cheeks apart and circled
his hole with his finger, thinking he wouldn't be able to wait much longer at this rate.
It wasn't just the sight of James's arse, bared to him in this delicious way, but the sounds
James made, enough to drive any man mad, but especially Francis Crozier.
"Please...", James moaned. "Oh, please..."
"Give me an answer, and I'll do what you desire.", Francis said, his own voice unsteady.
"You want me to swear that I'll be yours, don't you?", James gasped, though some selfassuredness snuck back into his tone. "That I'll never lie with anyone else again. That I'll -"

Francis felt his traitorous heart swell at the words. When James broke off, Francis pulled his
hair again. "Finish your sentence.", he ordered.
"That I'll - fuck - that I'll be your wife...", James forced out. "Forever..."
Francis froze, unable to pretend that he wasn't deeply affected, that James's words weren't, in
fact, making tears rise in his eyes.
It was foolish, he realised, to try and ignore what they had done. It was part of them, now,
and would be for all time. It was the reason they were angry, because there was fear beneath
that anger.
At the same time, they were bound together now.
James had told Francis that he had strangled Sir John because he sensed it would save him,
Francis, from perishing in the other time.
And hadn't Francis, for his part, known for certain he was doing what needed to be done,
since he wanted James alive above all else?
When Francis still didn't move, James turned his had to the side and looked over his shoulder.
"Francis?", he asked again, like before.
Francis lounged forward to press their lips together, plundering James's mouth like his life
depended on it. Perhaps it did.
James kissed him back, and Francis only retreated when James started to whine for the pain
in his neck.
"Will you swear it, then?", Francis asked breathlessly. "That you'll be mine? That you'll be
my wife, forever?"
Francis didn't know if he would be able to take any teasing or coquettish refusal right now,
but instead of doing that, James turned around, leaning back on his elbows.
He looked magnificent, with his jacket open to reveal the planes of his chest and stomach,
and of course, that long, curved cock, standing proudly upright.
"Till death do us part.", James said, serious.
The desk creaked under their combined weight, when Francis leaned down to kiss him again,
unable to think of anything else.
James clung to him desperately, bringing his arms together behind his neck and wrapping his
legs around him.
"Fucking hell...", Francis breathed, once James had released his lips.
James actually laughed, if only briefly.

"Fuck me, Francis.", he all but ordered, his voice needy. "Do it now..."
Francis disentangled himself from James with moderate success to reach for the tin of grease.
Then, despite his direction, James pulled him down for another kiss, and they lost themselves
this way for a while. James rubbed his bare cock against Francis's clothed one, utterly
shameless, and Francis realised that it wouldn't take much more to bring them both to
completion just like this.
"James. Jam-", he tried to say, but James's lips were relentless.
Finally, Francis had to push him down on the table. "For God's sake, James!"
James stared at him with a pout, seemingly innocently, and Francis had stop himself from
simply kissing him again and getting nowhere.
"Didn't I tell you to be good?", he asked, exasperated.
James's gaze was wide, his pupils huge and black. He pursed his lips, then said: "I'll be good
once you give me a reason to."
And just like that, the game was back on.
Francis didn't move. "I see.", was all he said, affecting a cold tone.
James opened his mouth to reply, but Francis cut him off by lifting him up and turning him
around again.
"You still have to be taught some manners, I see.", Francis hissed in his ear.
Without ceremony, Francis opened the tin and greased up his fingers, using his other hand to
press James down on the table.
The Francis once more focused his attention on James's furled hole, circling it with his finger
without actually dipping inside, even though he was aching with impatience and arousal.
James rocked back against his fingers and groaned: "In me, come on, in me..."
"Ask nicely.", Francis demanded. "Or else you'll get nothing."
Not that he would be capable of that, but it had the desired effect.
"Please, Francis, please...", James begged, and Francis spared a thought at the sweetness of
these words, and, more treacherously, if he would like it if James made him beg like this in
turn.
He could, of course he could.
Francis immediately plunged two fingers into James, and James hissed again like a cat,
scrabbling at the table.

"Alright?", Francis asked.
"Don't stop...", James gasped. "Please, be rough with me, I can take it, I can-"
Francis began to move his fingers in and out of James at a punishing pace, picturing how that
tight heat would feel around his cock.
He had loved opening James up the last time, reaching into that intimate place, feeling him
give way, bit by bit.
He also wondered, wondered quite often, in fact, if he would have a similar experience...
James gasped and moaned, and soon Francis found it safe to add another finger.
"You're making quite the spectacle of yourself...", Francis observed. "I wonder, did you ever
moan like that for your precious Le Vesconte, hm?"
James somehow managed that damned hair-toss again. "Constantly.", he taunted. "Really, I
couldn't stop- oh!"
The rest of the sentence was lost in incoherent groans, because Francis twisted his fingers,
rubbing relentlessly on James's sweetspot.
"Fuck, Francis-", were the next understandable words James's uttered, and Francis felt a
vicious satisfaction.
He didn't stop, even though his own desire was straining, he was quite content to reduce
James to this.
"I wonder, can I make you come like this?", Francis mused. "Just with my fingers?"
"I don't- ah, Francis -", James babbled. "Just give me your cock, please, I need it, please..."
"Swear that you are mine, first.", Francis said, feeling his confidence rise with every one of
James's exhalations, despite what he'd said about Le Vesconte.
"I'm yours.", James whispered.
Francis scissored his fingers, caressing James's walls.
"Again."
"I'm yours, Francis, yours forever, please..."
Francis withdrew his fingers. James moaned at the loss.
Francis opened his trousers, drew his cock out, and scooped up some grease to coat himself
in it.
"And I am yours, James.", he whispered as he sunk into him, slowly.

James gave a happy sigh at that, momentarily content.
Like last time, Francis needed a moment to get himself back from the edge at James's tight
heat, while James canted his hips and urged him to move.
When Francis did, James cried out, muffled by the table.
"Quiet, my love.", Francis entreated. "I would not have the whole ship hear you."
James breathed a wrecked laugh. "You would like that though, wouldn't you?", he gasped.
"Having me in front all of the men? Showing them what's yours?"
What a bold notion, Francis thought. Bold and ridiculous, really, but there was something
enticing about it, that he couldn't deny...
"Don't give me ideas.", Francis said.
He thrust harder, pushing James back and forth on the table, and James smothered his cry
with his hand this time.
"When I heard him talk so, about you, about us...", James began. "I wanted to burst into the
room and ah - and kiss you, fuck you right in front of him, to show him-"
Francis stopped for a moment, and James immediately told him to move, please, do it or else
I'll perish...
"You wanted to confront him?", Francis asked, again, just like James, not pronouncing the
name.
"I did, by God, I did.", James confessed. "To say that you had vilely seduced me, denying me
any agency, and then to continue that you deserved to hang for it... That was the vile thing. I
might've cared for him once, but after he said that..."
Francis felt indescribably touched by this, though at the same time thankful James hadn't
been in the room when that confrontation had happened. Who knew how it would've ended
then...
"I love you so much.", Francis breathed, overcome.
James gripped the edge of the table and said over his shoulder: "Prove it, then. Fuck me good.
Please..."
James was so free with his pleas, and Francis, ever so prideful, felt admiration for James's
openness.
Francis gripped James's hips and fucked into him, harder as he wanted and James whimpered,
then moaned as Francis continued.
Seeing James so undone was giving Francis as much pleasure as being buried to the hilt
inside him and he soon neared his crisis, though he would James have there first.

James positively shrieked when Francis reached around him to stroke his cock, though he
again quickly smothered himself.
Francis wondered how James had ever managed to carry on on the much more crowded
Cornwallis with Le Vesconte, yet that thought went away almost as soon as it appeared.
James was hard and leaking in his palm, and Francis knew that it wouldn't be long now.
He thought again of James's vow to him, something that made him both feral and grounded,
also hopeful, finally, a little hopeful.
They would do it together, bring the men home, brave all the dangers of the Arctic and the
following court-martial - Francis avoided imagining that too closely - and they would be
together in the end. The two of them, together.
Francis leaned down and covered James's body with his own, driving into him again and
again, putting his lips above James's ear.
James didn't seem capable of speech anymore save for garbled exhalations of Francis's name,
until he groaned: "Come on, Francis, fill me up, I don't want to go back without you in me,
come on..."
Francis growled into James's ear, giving it a light bite, and that send James over the edge,
spurting all over Francis's hand and the floor.
Francis followed momentarily, and he emptied himself inside James's twitching, tight
channel, feeling dizzy with the force of it.
Silence, finally.
Francis collapsed on top of James, but instead of pushing him away, James gave a contented
sigh. Francis buried his nose inside James's sweaty hair, that damned hair, as he used to say.
"Francis.", James said, his voice slightly slurred. He tried again: "Francis."
Francis only managed a sort of grunt in response.
"That was... a lot.", James opined.
"Yes.", Francis finally said. "Yes it was."
Silence again.
Reluctantly, Francis began to move off James. His softening prick came free with a rush of
seed and grease, and Francis felt himself blush, realising just now what a truly obscene pose
James was making. A pose Francis had put him in. Good Lord, he certainly wouldn't be his
stern grandmother's favorite any more if she had known about that...
That thought made him bark a laugh.

"What's so funny?", James asked. He still hadn't moved, leaving his well-fucked arse on full
display.
"Nothing.", Francis said.
He reached out and dipped a finger into James's hole, his own spend, and James gave a little
twitch.
"Like how you're leaking from me, you brute?", James purred, reminding Francis of a cat
again with the way he stretched.
"I do.", Francis admitted.
James propped himself up on one elbow and turned his head.
"I like it, too.", he breathed, and he caught Francis's wrist and actually licked his finger.
If he'd been two decades younger, Francis's would've been in for another go at that, as it was,
he buttoned his trousers and the went to the washbasin in his berth to get the cloth to clean up
James.
When James wanted to take the cloth from him, Francis asked: "Let me? Please."
James smiled and nodded. "Ever the gentleman, Francis.", he said with a fond sigh.
"I fear my motives are rather selfish.", Francis admitted as he went to work.
James snorted a laugh. He seemed more replaxed than he had in days, but that probably
wouldn't last long. Still, Francis was glad he for any momentary happiness he could provide.
"I meant what I said.", James continued eventually. "Even if Dundy is suspicious, we need to
keep him on our good side. So he doesn't start going behind our backs and makes plans
against us."
"I fear he's already making plans against me, James.", Francis replied, though he was a great
deal calmer than before as well. "You he may spare, but..."
"It doesn't matter. An attack on you is an attack on me, if it is so."
Francis felt a great gust of love for James.
"Till death do us part, eh?", he murmured.
"I meant it.", James confirmed. "It might be foolish for my own heart, but I am yours now.
And you are mine. We'll do it all, together."
"Yes.", Francis said, his throat dry. "I love you."
He drew back with the cloth, and brought it back to the basin. When he came back, James
was in the midst of making himself presentable, and Francis moved to help him.

All in all, that probably ended up making everything take longer, though, because James kept
stealing kisses from him and intertwining their fingers when they bumped into each other.
Finally, they reluctantly got down to business and surveyed the map together. Francis rung
Jopson for tea, and when he arrived with it, Francis looked for any signs in his Steward that
he may have overheard them, but Jopson was as professional as ever.
"I'm beginning to see how vital Goodsir's point about the Netsilik was.", Francis said at
length. "I remember meeting them for the first time on Parry's second expedition to this
place... They helped us, though we looked down on them, believing us to be a superior
breed..."
"Well, aren't we?", James asked. "After all, we are civilised and they are not."
"I can't answer that question, all I can state are the facts: without their help, we will perish. I
believe in the other time, we might've had a chance, if we hadn't destroyed the possibility that
they might help us earlier."
James nodded reluctantly. "Do you know if there are many settlements on the way to Fort
Resolution?"
"I have no idea. This is something I want Thomas to ask them, when he's ready to go.",
Francis said. "After all, we're talking about territory that has barely been explored before.
Who knows what we'll run into."
"A second Tuunbaq, perhaps?", James mused. "Hostile natives?"
"I sure hope not. But the Netsilik are kind people. I have a feeling that the real danger will
come from us in that aspect."
"How do you mean?"
Francis considered. How could he explain what Hickey had done in the other time, while
bringing his point across that it hasn't just been Hickey, but the entire crew that had been
ready to believe the natives were about to attack them?
How could he explain the strange sense of foreboding he had when it came to the long walk,
which hadn't disappeared with the other time?
He took a sip of his tea. "I know that the other time is gone, and thank God, but sometimes I
still think I feel... remnants of it. Echoes. A sense of foreboding."
"You...think that the bad future will come back if we make the same mistakes?", James asked,
trying to understand.
"Not exactly.", Francis replied. "I realise now that I always had a certain sense of intuition,
even before the time travel. But I can never know if what I sense is truly the future or just my
own worries. Or both."

"That is difficult.", James said. "But even if it is the future, you are able to prevent it. We just
have to prepare well."
Francis nodded. "I hope you're right, James. I hope it very dearly."
Francis almost expected a comment of how he was being needlessly melancholic, and he
would've wanted it, almost, but James only answered him with thoughtful silence.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 38: James
The funeral of Captain Sir John Franklin took place on the March 1st, 1847, a full three
months before he died in the alternate timeline.
It wasn't just his coffin on the ice, but also those who died in the Carnivale, and Dr.
McDonald and the two consumption cases.
They had draped Sir John's coffin with the British flag, to make it stand out, as it was only
fitting for such a national hero, everyone agreed.
The crews of both ships were in deep preparations to abandon what had been their home for
more than two years, and the delegation headed by Mr. Blanky had left about a week ago.
They had waited so long with the funeral to make sure every one of the injured was recovered
enough to attend.
And so they had donned their dress uniforms and marched solemnly out onto the ice, carrying
all the coffins.
James didn't know from where Francis was going to summon the strength to speak, because
his own voice was all but gone.
A simple cold, nothing more, but James couldn't help but think it symbolic. He had tried to
keep his distance from Francis, physically, as to not infect him, with mixed success.
Francis was a weakness, a drug James couldn't help but be addicted to, not only because he
loved him, but because he kept the guilt at bay.
James felt a bit like he was a ship and Francis was his safe harbour, anchoring him, keeping
him hale and whole.
It was a trite metaphor, yet the only one his sometimes feverish brain could come up with. He
felt weak and sick, but he made himself continue with their preparations, knowing it needed
to be done.
Every time he could spare he spent in bed convalescing, knowing also that he would need to
be ready for the march soon.
James had been thinking a lot about the march ahead, and he had remembered.
On the day they had poisoned Sir John, James had been telling Dr. Stanley about the
Euphrates expedition.
It was another tall tale he had told too often to count, and in his head it had become just
another heroic venture, despite fact that it had almost killed him multiple times.

That surely only added to the heroism. It was also where he had met his good friend
Charlewood, and so he couldn't bring himself to regret it for that reason alone.
And he didn't regret it, exactly - much good would it do him, as it had already happened.
But now, as he faced the possibility of hauling supplies again without pack animals,
unfriendly territory, and the mistakes of an incompetent leader, he began to recall the similar
situation of the Euphrates expedition.
He had surpressed the sheer misery of it, he realised. It had had no room in his tales of glory.
How he had almost died of malaria he had mentioned, but the fear, the splintering pains, that
he had kept to himself.
Same with his broken leg.
He hadn't even told Francis about it when he had broken his leg, instead opting to begin an
entirely different story Francis had rightly shut down.
James also hadn't wanted to admit the incompetence of Captain Chesney, seeing as the man
had fought relentlessly for their promotions when they'd been back in England.
It felt ungrateful, somehow, to dwell on his mistakes.
Thinking about it now, James tried to see it as encouraging that he had survived, against all
odds, and that surely he would survive again.
But he remembered the nightmares about the scurvy, and he knew that surviving a terrible
disease once didn't ensure one would do it again.
His own vanity had kept him from learning from his mistakes, he thought. Without Francis,
he would've stayed by Sir John's side, would've agreed with him to the end, and that would've
led them all to death.
He needed to be better. More humble.
Maybe it would've been better if he was a more religious man, like Francis.
On the other hand, Sir John had been more religious than Francis and James put together and
still he had not been humble in any sense of the word...
To make it easier on James, Francis had started to walk over to Erebus to meet with him,
however, that also meant that they had less privacy, with Dundy near.
For James, Dundy wasn't an issue, since he already knew about them, and the Lieutenants on
Terror didn't. It was exactly the opposite for Francis, who still believed that Dundy was
captaining some nefarious plot against them, which James refused to credit.
He had to admit that Dundy was acting a little strange lately, but that was surely only his grief
for Sir John.

And being a good friend, Dundy naturally avoided James, as he had very clearly signaled that
he wasn't keen on talking about Sir John.
James could still hear his voice in his dreams, calling out to him. He didn't think it would
ever stop.
At least the cold was all but beaten, just James's own voice was still compromised and slow
to return.
Now, James stood next to Francis before the coffin, the men standing to the side of them in
the customary row.
Francis was without his cane, and he truly looked magnificent in all his finery. James longed
to touch him, but like so often in the last days, he stayed his hand.
"We came here today to mourn one of the greatest, the very best of us.", Francis began
gravely. "Our Captain, our leader, without whom we would've never come this far."
James hoped only he could hear the implication that "this far" meant doom and death. He
stood at attention and focused his eyes on a spot on the ice before him, not looking at any of
the men.
"I could list all of his accomplishments here, but I have no doubt you know them all. He died
as he lived; wanting only the very best for his men. Even though his body was ravaged by
illness, he wanted to join us at Carnivale, to inspire us, no doubt."
James let the words wash over him, contemplating his own guilt. It was true that he felt
guilty, but did he feel sad? He tried to summon grief, as it was customary, but all that came
was indifference, disdain, even.
James had meant what he said to Francis during their heated coupling weeks ago; the
moment Sir John had made his accusation, saying that Francis had seduced him, James had
lost all respect for their former leader.
James could remind himself that it was only to be expected, and not surprising that Sir John
reacted this way to their sin, but for once, James found himself reluctant to be magnanimous.
Strange, James mused, that Sir John had lost his goodwill with this and not the obvious;
consigning them all to death.
As Francis continued in his preaching, grave tone, James didn't really pay attention to his
words anymore. He looked at the faces of the men after all, closest to him the Lieutenants of
both ships and Goodsir, who was silently crying.
Guilt, again, like a punch in the throat. How cruel was he, to not only murder a man, but to
feel disdain for him afterwards?
James turned his head and looked at Francis, who was staring straight ahead as he spoke.

They had both agreed that Francis would honor Sir John in his speech and not say anything
of his failings.
"It will be disingenuous, I know, but still, the funeral is about respecting him.", James had
said. "Besides, I don't think the men are ready to hear that he was wrong."
To his surprise, Francis had agreed.
"It is troubling to know that after everything Sir John Franklin accomplished, the Northwest
Passage will now forever elude him.", Francis continued. "On the other hand, it is fitting that
we will not make that discovery without him, but return, humbled by the great leviathan that
is the Arctic. Yet that is the best thing that we can do, now, as fate was stacked against us. We
will survive to tell our tale, to the tell future generations of the titan that was John Franklin.
We will tell them of all the others, too. Of Dr. Alexander McDonald, of John Sullivan, of
Richard Aylmore, of Daniel Arthur, of William Smith, of Gilies McBean, of Reuben Male, of
Edward Genge, of Charles Coombs, John Stickland, Josephus Gater, George Williams, David
Leys, Alexander Berry, and William Shanks. And we will mourn him, and these men, as they
deserve."
James inwardly cursed himself for wasting this time with thoughts of Sir John when he
should've mourned the other dead men.
With them, it wasn't just guilt, though it weighed greatly on him. They had been good men,
and they had died because of the Carnivale, which had been James's idea.
They couldn't have killed Sir John without it, of course, but that only made James more
culpable.
But it was what it was. Francis was done speaking, and after a pause, he announced: "And
now Lieutenant Henry Le Vesconte will read Sir John's last sermon."
They had fought about it, of course. Francis didn't believe it was a good idea to let Dundy
speak, but James had been adamant that this would be a showing of trust that was needed.
"So you admit that Le Vesconte doesn't trust us!", Francis had triumphantly asserted.
"Yes, but only because you treat him like the enemy!", James shot back. "This all could've
been avoided if you'd just..." He had trailed off, because he knew where this was going and
was aware it wasn't smart.
"If I'd just what, James?", Francis snarled.
"If you hadn't treated him with this useless antagonism!"
"He was disrespectful and rude!"
Francis's eyes were flashing. James decided that being smart was overrated. He stepped close
to Francis and sneered: "And how was he rude, Francis? Did he take something that didn't
belong to him, hm?"

Francis's gaze became livid. "He took what is mine!", he hissed.
Perhaps that was James's biggest failing in this, that he was so enticed by Francis's possessive
side. He couldn't help it; no one had ever felt like this about him before. His previous
encounters with men had been casual; mere physical gratification and nothing else.
Even Dundy, who had been more important to him, who he may even have loved in a way,
though he had never let him get as close as Francis, had at no time expressed any jealousy
when James was with other men.
But Francis had barely fucked him and was already acting like a jealous husband. And James
found it attractive, ill advised as it was. It made him feel cherished, that it was something
special between them. That perhaps he really could be Francis's wife, and not in the
derogatory way such an epithet was usually applied, but in an actual marriage.
Francis was embarrassed about it, but he quickly registered James's... preference for this sort
of behavior.
Like now, as they fought about Dundy speaking at the funeral, Francis was crowding him
against the wall again. They were in the wardroom on Erebus; this was in every way, not the
place for it, but James was swept away by the glow in Francis's blue eyes, pinning him in
place.
"Just, trust me, please.", James said. "Let him speak. He will only read the sermon, nothing
more."
Francis reached out and caressed James's neck, brushing his thumb over his throat, as James
swallowed over it.
"I'm ill.", James breathed, cursing himself inwardly for advising caution when all he wanted
was for Francis to devour him.
"There are no head colds in the Arctic, James. I doubt you could make me sick if your tried.",
Francis said, then considered a moment, and the cool calculation in his eyes was enough to
send James's blood rushing south.
"Fine.", Francis added, after they had stared at each other with naked hunger for a few
seconds. "He may speak."
James wanted to move away from the wall, but Francis stopped him, taking his arm and
hissing in his ear: "But after the funeral, I will have you."
"Yes...", breathed, and because he couldn't help himself, he pressed a lingering kiss to
Francis’s cheek.
"I wish I could take you right now against this wall."
James bit his lip hard enough to draw blood and gave a curt nod, not trusting himself to
speak.

Then he made the mistake of pressing the heel of his hand against the tent in his trousers to
adjust himself, Francis following the gesture, and wetting his lips.
"Francis...", James said, meaning to sound stern, but it came over like a plea.
It was really horrid, how he couldn't bring himself to stay away from this man. The guilt and
the ice only made it worse, so much worse.
Francis crowded close, and bent to kiss his forehead, then his cheeks. Over his lips he
hovered, sharing James's breath.
"You'll get sick.", James protested, though at this point he was halfway convinced that his
illness was one of the mind, and so couldn't be transferred.
"Hold on.", James said, squeezing himself out between the wall and Francis.
He then went and locked the door. He turned back to Francis and without ceremony, dropped
to his knees.
"Christ, James.", Francis exclaimed.
"I would have you.", James rasped. "I would have you right now."
He fumbled with Francis's trousers to get them open.
"Not here.", Francis said, though he didn't make any move to stop James.
"Why not? This is my ship, and you are my husband."
James finally had Francis's cock in hand, half-hard already. James gave him a lick from root
to tip and breathed: "Use me, as you would, Francis. Do it, please."
James opened his lips, letting Francis push his prick past his lips into the waiting cavern of
his mouth.
James wasted no time in starting to suck. Someone might try to get in at any moment, and be
wondering at the locked door.
"James...", Francis gasped. "Christ, the mouth you got on you-"
James moaned around his cock, pressing his tongue flat on the underside. When Francis's
shaking hand sank into his hair, James snaked one hand down to touch himself over his
trousers.
It wasn't enough, and he blindly fumbled with his buttons, causing Francis's member to fall
from his mouth.
"That won't do.", Francis said sternly. "Hands up. There's a good lad."

James reluctantly left off himself, while Francis fed him his cock again, punctuating the
movement with a rough thrust.
James felt a delicious shiver down his spine, even as he choked. How did Francis always
know exactly how to inflame him?
James wanted to beg already, but he was quite effectively silenced like this. He looked up at
Francis pleadingly, however, and after a moment Francis said: "You may use my leg."
James was quite sure his cheeks were aflame, but he had rarely been this turned on in his life.
He shifted, though he didn't stop employing his mouth for Francis's pleasure, until he was
straddling Francis's leg.
He began to rub himself against it, tentatively at first, but soon his own urgency won out.
"Look at you.", Francis groaned. "All mine. I wonder, has anyone ever reduced you to this?"
James was near insensate with it, Francis in his mouth, his leg rubbing against his cock.
He softened his throat, trying to take more in until he was gagging with it.
"Now, now. Don't hurt yourself.", Francis said. "I would not have my wife suffer discomfort."
To be honest, James's throat was already much abused from his infection, and this would only
make it worse, but still he persisted. He wanted it, wanted it so badly.
Francis's hand was at the back of his head, guiding and pulling his hair, and James felt safe,
despite his mounting need.
Tears sprang to his eyes from his efforts, and Francis used his other hand to cup his cheek,
wiping one away.
James nearly sobbed as he pressed himself against Francis's leg, and it was good, so good.
"Almost there, James, let it come. Let it come.", Francis said.
James wondered from where Francis'd had this, this almost parental, caring manner. A
Captain he had admired in his youth? Or was it something more depraved?
Soon, James couldn't think anymore save how his aching hardness fit against Francis, and
Francis's lovely cock, heavy on his tongue.
A helpless moan was punched out of his used throat, and he rutted against Francis's leg, once,
twice, a third time, before he shuddered through his climax right there on the floor.
"That's it, James. Good lad.", Francis murmured, patting his head.
Once James had recovered, he sucked on Francis's length with renewed vigor, and he knew
from the pitch of Francis's quiet moans and the wetness on his tongue that it wouldn't be
long, now.

"The way you looked...", Francis gasped. "I can't believe how beautiful you are, my James..."
James's eyes darkened at the possessive article, and he swallowed Francis down until he hit
the back of his throat.
"James!", Francis shouted, and then he was coming in great rivulets down his gullet.
James swallowed it all. When it was over, he leaned forward and buried his face in the hair at
his groin, savoring the scent of Francis there.
The feeling of his soiled linens was uncomfortable, but he couldn't bring himself to care.
Finally, Francis had pulled him to his feet and rested their foreheads together.
"I can't believe you made me spend in my trousers like an overexcited youth.", James
murmured. "I should smack you for that."
"You are under no obligation to follow my orders.", Francis said, though he sounded a little
bashful.
"Under no obligation to follow your orders.", James repeated. "You can't mean that."
To his surprise, Francis protested: "I do. You might be my Second, and I might chafe at it
from time to time, but I want us to be equals. Everything else... it's a game, James. Just a
game."
James felt touched, suddenly so much so that his abused throat closed up. "All the time I've
spent, yearning for your respect..."
"You've had it for a good while, now.", Francis said, putting his hands on James's shoulders.
"I'm sorry I didn't realise earlier how brilliant you are."
James flashed him a grin. "My, my, Francis. Had I known that sucking your cock would get
you to say things like that, we might have spent the winter at Beechey with something else
than just magnetic readings."
"There is no such thing as 'just magnetic readings'."
"Says the natural philosopher."
Francis kissed him.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
With slow, measured steps, Dundy broke out of the row and stood himself between James
and Francis. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and unrolled it, clearing his throat.
"I entice you, men, to look forward. We have endured immeasurable hardships on this
journey, but that merely means that God is testing us. We will find the Passage, and return in
glory..."

James released a breath he hadn't known he was holding. Those did sound like Sir John's
words.
Dundy continued, delivering the sermon, and James saw that many of the men had started
shifting around on their feet because of the cold.
"... I urge you; do not give up, the goal is within reach.", Dundy paused, then looked up from
the paper and said: "Those were the last words of the man we abandoned. And we did
abandon him, out in the cold, on the ice, just like we're abandoning his orders now. Are we
honoring his legacy by giving up on the Passage? To answer that question, we must first ask
ourselves why we're doing it in the first place.
"Survival, of course. That is what Captain Crozier would have you know. Thaw won't come,
and we don't have the resources to stay in the ice another winter."
James didn't like this. At no part in their agreement had Dundy said that he would like to
speak his own words. They could stop him now, of course, but that would only signal discord
among the officers.
He looked at Francis, who regarded Dundy with a deep frown.
"We want to find the Passage, but not at the cost of our lives.", Dundy said, repeating
Francis's words to the crew from weeks ago. "That is all true. But! What if I told you, that it
isn't the whole story? What if I told you that there was more to it than that?"
James's stomach dropped. He tried to signal Dundy, asking him what the hell he was doing,
but Dundy didn't look at him.
"This plan to abandon the ships wasn't new. It existed long before Sir John's death, and was in
fact proposed by Captain Crozier as soon as the dismal state of our stores was discovered. So
why didn't we follow it, you may ask?
"Well, it is simple, really; we didn't follow the plan because Sir John was dead set against it.
He wanted us to press on and find the Passage. And now he is dead, and before his body was
even cold, Captain Crozier said that we would abandon the ships."
They somehow had to stop Dundy from talking, right now. But James was aware that
interrupting him would be the same as an admission of guilt, some kind of culpability. As it
was, the mood among the men seemed to be mostly confusion for now.
"So, what am I saying? That we don't respect Sir John's legacy by contradicting his orders
now?"
Dundy let the question hang in the air for a moment, and James saw Francis make a decisive
step forward. Saying yes to this would mean insubordination, and Francis would be able to
stop Dundy without losing face.
"No, that's not it.", Dundy said. "Or rather, that's not for me to decide. Of course, we will
follow Captain Crozier's orders, because he is our commanding officer now. But let us talk

for a moment, of how he came to be that commanding officer. Let us talk about the manner of
Sir John's death, for all we circumvented it so prettily until now.
"We say that he fell, that he froze to death in the cold, but how do we know that for sure?
Was anyone with Sir John when he died? Someone who could tell us what happened? How
are we sure, even, that Sir John's death was an accident?"
James felt panic rise in him. At first he had thought that perhaps Dundy hated Francis so
much that he needed to put his command into question now, but now something different
occurred to him.
Dundy hadn't been there, when they had arrived at the Carnivale, had he? In fact, James only
remembered seeing him afterwards, when the bodies were tallied.
What if Dundy had seen something of the murder?
James vaguely recalled the light he had seen in the distance after he had strangled Sir John.
What if"Sir John Franklin was an experienced Arctic veteran. He had explored the area around the
ships multiple times in incliment weather, and he had a lantern with him.", Dundy said. "I
think we came to the conclusion that his death was an accident a little too easily, and perhaps
even by the design of someone who has an interest that we think of it that way."
James saw that some of the men murmured amongst themselves now. Francis stood still as a
statue, staring at Dundy like he wanted to squash him under his foot, yet not daring.
"For example, someone could've lured Sir John out onto the ice, saying they would escort
him to the Carnivale, and then the could've pushed him off the slope, leaving him to die."
There was a gasp from the row of men; James suspected Goodsir, who looked at Dundy in
naked horror.
"Of course, the question is, why would someone do such a thing? What sort of profit could've
possibly be had from killing our most beloved leader?"
"Who is it?", someone yelled. Another: "Who do you accuse?"
"Silence!", Lieutenant Little barked at this unprecedented breach of protocol.
It was silent, but that gave Dundy again room to speak: "I accuse no one. I simply invite you
to think on it: who among us could've had an advantage from Sir John's untimely death? Who
perhaps had a fight with him? Who wanted to abandon the ships, when Sir John wanted to
press on?"
The implication was clear. Francis moved forward in a flash, and grabbed Dundy by the arm.
"This is worse than even insubordination.", he yelled. "You dare accuse me, your own
Captain, of murder?"

"Fitzjames is my Captain.", Dundy replied, calm as a cup of water.
James felt ill.
"Lieutenant Little, escort Lieutenant Le Vesconte to the brig on Terror.", Francis ordered.
"Take Sergeant Tozer with you."
"Aye sir.", Little said.
Dundy went without protest. James stared after him, Little and Tozer, only belatedly realising
that he should speak, say something to calm the men.
"Lieutenant Le Vesconte is grieving.", he began, his voice straining in his throat. "Of course,
there is no substance to his claims. He-" And precisely there, James's voice died. He cleared
his throat multiple times, but he didn't manage anything above a thin whisper.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. Francis.
"What Captain Fitzjames meant to say is that we have of course investigated the
circumstances of Sir John's death thoroughly. Dr. Goodsir examined the corpse and found
nothing suspicious. And I can tell you, even an expert on Arctic terrain is still capable of
stumbling and falling, especially if he is weakened. Now, let's carry on."
The men looked doubtful, but they were used to following Francis's orders and so they did.
Mechanically, as if in shock.
James feared to think what would happen when that shock wore off.
They used axes to bash in the ice and consign the coffins to the deep.
James stayed for the whole process, as did all the others, even though the cold was
oppressive.
He wordlessly followed Francis and the Terrors back to the ship afterwards.
"Let me speak with him.", James said to Francis on deck. "Alone, please."
To his surprise, Francis aquiesced without protest.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 39: The Witness
Henry Le Vesconte had known that something was happening to his best friend, James
Fitzjames, for months now.
Because James was his friend, and also his commanding officer, if one wanted to get
technical, Dundy knew he had to tread carefully.
James, boisterous as he was normally, did have a tendency to retreat into himself when
something got too personal.
And Dundy had usually taken the signal and backed off, and he believed that he and James
had been such good friends for so long precisely because of that.
It didn't mean that Dundy wasn't curious. For example, James never talked about his parents
or his origins, beyond a clipped comment that he had been raised in the household of "friends
of the family".
Dundy had met James's adoptive brother Will a few times, and Will had similarly never
spoken about how this arrangement had come to be.
But Dundy hadn't asked. His friendship with James was more important to him than getting
hold of a juicy piece of gossip.
Something was different now, however. And it had to do with Terror, and Francis Crozier.
In the beginning, Dundy had never had anything against the man.
The main problem had been James's and Crozier's mutual dislike, which had happened
almost instantly upon meeting each other, at least on Crozier's part.
James's feelings had been more complicated, Dundy knew. He had initially greatly admired
Crozier's accomplishments in polar exploration, had even nursed the hope that Crozier might
take him under his wing somewhat.
James had tried to impress him, as he usually tried to impress people, with his stories and
charm.
It so happened that Dundy had also been a guest at the fateful Admiralty dinner where
everything had turned sour.
James had been trying so very hard that it was almost painful to watch, or at least it had been
made painful by Crozier's stony silence and occasional terse comments.
Dundy did feel anger on James's behalf, then. What had James ever done to Crozier for him
to behave this way?

At least the rest of the table hadn't seemed to notice anything amiss, but they hadn't been
listening to James's almost boyish enthusiasm for finally meeting the venerated Francis
Crozier for weeks...
As any man, James didn't like to be humiliated. And so his tune had changed, finding fault
with everything Crozier did on a regular basis.
There was much to find fault with, at any rate, starting with the fact that Crozier was a
curmudgeonly drunkard, old and bitter.
"He probably envies you.", Dundy told James once. "Because you are someone he can never
be."
"And because Sir John likes me.", James added. "And Sir John likes everyone but him. I
wonder how he could make an enemy of such a kind man."
Dundy thought back on what Hodgson had told him, about Crozier saying that James was Sir
John's rosy-cheeked, lisping pet poodle. Best not mention that yet, it would only make James
more angry.
When Crozier had broken his leg, he and James had already had an entire winter to learn how
to get along, with abysmal results.
James had decided to take a keen interest in Crozier's magnetic observations, despite the fact
that they were taken in freezing cold in a tent out on the shale and, well, everything else.
On the journey out, James had often complained about his broken fox, and Dundy had kept
quiet his suspicion that the problem wasn't with the instrument, it was with James's inability
to use it properly.
Crozier, however, had no such compuctions.
Dundy hadn't understood why the hell James ventured out on to the ice to meet with Crozier
time and time again, only to return blazing with anger and resentment.
At least in the beginning, there had been a fun way to deal with those feelings.
Sometimes, James had practically ripped his clothes off without ceremony and fallen to his
knees, swallowing him down.
It stung somehow that Dundy now knew that James had probably been wishing he was
sucking Crozier's cock instead the entire time.
Then Lieutenant Gore had almost caught them at it, and James had ended their arrangement,
at least temporarily.
Dundy hadn't been bitter, he knew the immense danger they were courting at all times by
carrying on on the ship.

Anyway, after they had been unfrozen again and heading for the Passage, Crozier had broken
his leg, and Sir John had seized the opportunity to send James over to Terror so he learned to
get along with dear Francis.
Dundy had been ambivalent about the whole venture. Of course, he would miss James, but at
the same time, James might get some clarity on Crozier's warnings that they were courting
disaster.
Dundy was accustomed to listen to Sir John most of all, but he couldn't ignore the fact that
Crozier also had a lot of Arctic experience and probably wasn't making up dire predictions
for the hell of it.
When they were frozen in the ice, Dundy found himself missing James more keenly. Sir John
did his best to bolster their spirits, yet Dundy had remembered their first winter frozen in,
how the cold and the dark weighed on the mind.
And then Goodsir had discovered that the cans were poisoned...
Dundy was no stranger to fear for his life, but it had never been this acute. What irked him
most that there was nothing he could do to remove the danger.
They were stuck. They had to wait.
The truth was, he might've considered Crozier's notion that they had to abandon the ships, but
it was so much easier to just trust Sir John's judgement.
As it was, Crozier and his misery stayed on Terror, and so far from Dundy's mind.
He was worried about James, though.
Hodgson had said in the beginning that he was counting the days until James and Crozier
ripped each other's heads off, though Dundy had told him that that wasn't going to happen.
Despite everything, James was a professional, who had been with the Navy for nearly his
entire life. He would manage to maintain some kind of truce with Crozier, Dundy was sure.
What was far more surprising was the news that James and Crozier had taken to reading
Shakespeare together.
Dundy initially wondered if James perhaps was blackmailing Crozier with something,
because he couldn't think of any other reason why the grumpy Captain of the Terror, who so
much hated James's "theatricals", would ever agree to it.
When James had come over a few days after the conference about the cans, there had been
the first hint that something entirely different was going on.
They were reading Julius Caesar together, James's favorite play. And it was his favorite
because it contained an inverted love story, Dundy was well aware.

James had denied liking Crozier when asked, yet to Dundy he had been as transparent as a
piece of glass.
How had that happened? Mere days ago, James hadn't been able to stand Crozier!
Dundy would've loved to ask James more about it, even though James had skillfully
distracted him with his lips, but at any rate, they had been interrupted by Sir John.
It didn't sit well with Dundy, James's whole thing with Crozier.
He wasn't jealous in general when James found physical gratification elsewhere, even love. It
would've been hypocritical, as Dundy himself was engaged to be married to a woman he
loved.
The problem wasn't that James had found someone else, but that it was Crozier of all people.
It didn't sit right with Dundy, because, as he saw, he didn't like Crozier. He didn't like him,
and he didn't like the way he had treated James in the past.
Maybe Crozier had grovelled for forgiveness, though Dundy doubted it.
That man didn't deserve someone like James, plain and simple.
He had been looking forward to James's return from Terror, yet when it finally happened, he
had immediately seen that James was troubled and not well at all.
It must be Crozier's fault, was Dundy's first thought. Of course it was Crozier's fault.
He wouldn't cherish James as he deserved, but use him cruelly. Dundy cared not what had
actually happened, James would probably never tell him, anyway. The guilt had been
ascertained, the guilty party identified.
And James was hiding from him. Dundy never had the chance to see him alone, except for
that one encounter between them when James had returned.
Dundy saw now that he should've tried to talk to James instead of sleeping with him, but
what was done was done.
At first, Dundy tried to give James the space he needed, even though it pained him.
But there was this nagging feeling in him that something was very much wrong here,
something that went beyond James's personal troubles with Crozier.
All of this had been confirmed when James had gone over to Terror once again, only to
return with Crozier after being attacked by the beast (James had said that it was no bear, so
Dundy believed him. James wasn't one to make things like this up).
Dundy had wanted to finally talk to James alone, but he had been absolutely glued first to Dr.
Stanley's side, and then Crozier's.

Dundy thought more than ever that something nefarious was going on. He thought about Dr.
McDonald, who had died on the shale.
There was a clue there, but he couldn't piece it together.
James had finally come to him while Crozier was talking to Sir John. He had apologized, and
then he had said that he loved Crozier. Loved him!
Dundy knew it wasn't his place to judge, and he wouldn't have, had he been sure that James
was actually happy with Crozier.
But James had only seemed miserable ever since he had stayed on Terror, and Crozier
seemed in every way his bitter, cruel self.
Dundy finally had his explanation for James's behavior when James told him that Sir John
had almost found out about him and Crozier, at least, it seemed that way.
Yet Dundy knew James, knew him well, and he still believed there was something he wasn't
telling him.
Again, out of old instinct, he hadn't pried. He didn't know if he would ever find out the truth,
James being as good at keeping secrets as he was, but surely James wouldn't hesitate to share
something that concerned the expedition itself, would he?
His preoccupation with James had meant that he didn't pay attention to Sir John's worsening
condition at first.
When Sir John had excused himself from the dinner, taking James with him, Dundy had seen
it as a good sign. Sir John wouldn't let James take care of him if he actually believed he had
committed sodomy with Crozier, would he?
Dundy respected Sir John greatly, but he had no illusions on his views of sodomy.
Speaking of sodomy, since Dundy had the cabin directly adjoining that of the late Lieutenant
Gore, he had been able to hear very well what James and Crozier had gotten up to that night,
even though James had clearly made an effort to be quiet.
However, Dundy was familiar with the sounds James made when he was getting fucked, and
what others might've dismissed as the wind or the ice was only too obvious to Dundy.
So much for James being cautious, then. Really, how could Crozier have bewitched him so?
The man wasn't particularly attractive, neither in looks nor personality.
Sophia Cracroft, who Dundy had met in Greenhithe and was an eminently sensible woman in
his opinion, had done well to turn him down twice.
While Dundy had been musing on that, Sir John had nearly died in the night.
Really, the only thing that hadn't been pure horror the next morning was Crozier going back
to Terror and leaving them with an ailing Sir John.

Dundy couldn't pin point one single thing that had made him suspicious, it had rather been a
combination of factors.
In the beginning, Dundy had been as mystified as everyone by Sir John's sudden illness, as
well as alarmed by the seriousness of it.
In all that Dundy had read about the terrors the ice could inflict on a man, never had there
been anything about vomiting and deliriousness.
The other strange thing had been James. Dundy had done his best to offer comfort, seeing as
he was seeking it himself. He understood that James didn't want to sleep with him any longer,
yet there were other ways to be close, and Dundy longed for them.
He didn't want to think on what would happen if Sir John actually died. He had been the only
one keeping the horrors of the Arctic away.
Dundy thought that James would like some companionship in these uncertain times, but he
actually started avoiding Dundy again.
He looked more terrible every day, worried and withdrawn. He didn't seek out Sir John
anymore either, seemingly unable to endure his state of illness, and instead spent time alone
in his cabin, when he wasn't busy with his duties or Sir John demanded his presence.
After some days of this, Dundy had paid a visit to Dr. Stanley, who was working tirelessly on
helping their leader.
Sir John had started to get fits of paranoia - this all the officers knew by now, seeing as Sir
John's yelling could be heard throughout the rooms surrounding his berth. Most often Stanley
was the victim of these.
Just moments ago Sir John had called after him: "You're poisoning me! You're poisoning me,
Satan from hell!"
Stanley dealt with this abuse with professional stoicism Dundy had to admire, calmly
explaining to Sir John that he was only there to help.
"I'm sorry to bother you in such a busy time, Doctor.", Dundy said as he entered sickbay.
He was pleased to note that Mr. Goodsir wasn't in. Stanley never let his guard down around
him.
Stanley sighed. "Not at all. How can I help you, Lieutenant?"
Dundy stepped closer and said: "I was rather wondering if I could help you. It's obvious to
anyone that Sir John isn't the easiest patient."
"It's a side effect of his condition, I'm afraid. He does apologize in his more lucid phases.",
Stanley replied.

"And what, exactly, is his condition? Anything we should look out for? Something with our
food, perhaps?"
Stanley stared at him, a thoughtful look on his face. "It's times such as these when I wish
Alexander had not left us so horribly. We would often share theories...", he trailed off. "No
matter. The truth is, I don't know what's wrong with Sir John. I've asked and asked myself,
but-"
"What have you considered?", Dundy asked.
"Many things. In an odd way, the thing that does fit the most is... some kind of poisoning. But
I have dismissed it since."
Dundy felt a cold shiver down his spine. "Why?"
"It had to have been accidental.", Stanley said. "I absolutely refuse to consider anything else.
And if it was an accident, I simply can't find anything it could've been."
Dundy didn't press Stanley further, mostly because he was too shocked. And over the long,
cold evening, Dundy began to think.
Crozier had shared a bottle of whiskey with Sir John, on the evening of the dinner. No one
else had drunk from the bottle, as it had broken accidentally.
Could the whiskey have been poisoned? If so, why wasn't Crozier sick?
But Crozier hadn't seemed drunk in any way at the dinner. Had he even partaken in drinking
the whiskey at all?
Dundy remembered James, coming to him while Crozier talked with Sir John. He had
seemed as nervous as a skittish horse. His chessplay had been awful.
At this point, Dundy stopped himself from thinking further.
He would not suspect his best mate of accessory to attempted murder, that was simply too
much.
However, Dundy couldn't do anything against the nagging suspicion that settled at the back
of his mind like a cancer.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The night of the Carnivale came, an event Dundy had looked forward to. He had somehow
thought that it would make everything right again, James, Sir John, this horrid situation.
He was itching to spend the night dancing and losing himself in drink. Perhaps James would
dance with him.
Sir John, on the mend, tasked him with leading the men off Erebus to the tent.

The first irksome moment of the night came when James said he would stay back for now to
take care of Sir John.
There it was, that suspicion again.
"Sir John wants it that way.", James said.
Dundy tried to calm down. Everything was normal; Sir John had ordered James to stay.
Still, somehow his steps carried him to sickbay again, to Dr. Stanley.
"Will you stay a while?", Dundy asked. "Make sure your patient is alright?"
Stanley didn't ask him why, because, as it happened, he had planned on staying longer on
Erebus anyway.
"I will join the Carnivale, but I have to admit that this sort of diversion isn't really to my
taste.", Stanley said.
Soothed, yet feeling bad that apparently a part of him was still suspecting James, Dundy went
to say goodbye to him.
"Are you sure you're alright, James?", Dundy inquired, because James had been acting even
more withdrawn than usual today.
"I'm fine. Just exhausted from, you know, everything.", James had assured him.
Dundy nodded sceptically. "Well, ask Sir John to let you go soon. You need some fun, James,
and promptly."
James very obviously forced a grin. "Aye, aye, sir."
Dundy wanted to linger, to ask James once more how he felt. He wanted to pull him close in
a hug, because they hadn't done that in weeks.
Dundy had very much noticed the time James had snuck out over to Terror, no doubt to see
his beloved Francis.
Crozier was probably jealous. Men like him always were. Maybe he had forbidden James
from even so much as touching Dundy.
It made Dundy feel faintly ill.
As it was, he had turned away from James, put his slops on over his costume and lead the
men to the tent as ordered. The Terrors were already there, lighting the torches under the lead
of Lieutenant Hodgson.
Dundy felt another prick of unease when he learned that Crozier wasn't with them, apparently
he and Little had been detained by some nebulous "ship's business".

A conincedence, nothing more., Dundy told himself.
Still Dundy couldn't pretend like he was doing anything else but waiting for James to arrive.
He drank, but the warmth of the rum failed to soothe him.
Hodgson, dressed as Marie Antoinette, wanted to lead with him, his king, in a dance. The
men cheered.
Dundy kept glancing at the tent entrance, but James didn't come. Instead, he saw Dr. Stanley,
his tall figure unmistakable even in the clown costume.
Dundy excused himself from his conversation with Henry Wilkes, whose giant mushroom
costume he remembered more keenly than his words, and went over to Stanley.
"Did James not leave with you?", Dundy asked.
"He was still occupied.", Stanley returned. "To be honest, I thought you might've gone back.
There were lights approaching Erebus when I looked back, one man, two, perhaps."
Dundy felt his heart clench. Crozier and Little still hadn't arrived.
He pressed his lips together and made a decision. "I'm going back to Erebus."
"What? I would advise against it, Lieutenant, considering that I could hear the bear howling
in the distance when I walked over."
"I'm still going.", Dundy said. "Look, cover for me here, I'll be back as soon as I can."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dundy was glad that he'd thought of the lantern. Today may be first sunrise, but right now it
was still very dark and snowing heavily.
Dundy wanted to hurry, but soon he had to make sure he wouldn't trip and fall on the shale.
He couldn't see the ships and just walked in the vague direction of Terror. He realised he was
right when he almost crashed head-first against Terror's hull.
Embarrassing. Dundy was glad no one was here to see him.
He touched Terror's icy hull, taking stock. He still had to get to Erebus, even though the snow
was making it difficult to walk forward.
What would he even do, Dundy thought, when he arrived at Erebus?
To answer that question Dundy first had to know what exactly was happening on Erebus, to
put into words what he was afraid of.
Standing here and fretting wasn't going to do anything, he determined. He had to get on.

Dundy walked past Terror, experiencing an innate fear to leave the only point of orientation
behind him, but he did it anyway.
Dundy tried to go in a straight line, but when the berg didn't materialise, he knew that he had
veered to the side. Thankfully, the snow was letting up.
It was due to that that Dundy could finally see the lanterns ahead.
He almost called out, until he noticed that they were heading to the east of him, neither
toward Terror or Erebus, nor toward the Carnivale tent.
At least he assumed so, he had to admit that his sense of direction wasn't stellar in these
conditions.
He approached the lights carefully, unable to admit to himself that there was something else
keeping him from making his presence known.
He heard the voices first, carrying across the shale. There was Sir John's definitely, James's
and Crozier's.
Dundy stopped in his tracks when there was another sound, an inhuman growl in the
distance.
He remembered the battered and broken body of Dr. McDonald they had carried below
decks, and shuddered.
The voices of the others grew more agitated. He heard Crozier call: "James, take him up."
Dundy strained to see as the group moved again, up what looked like a slope. He thought it
safe to approach a little more.
He wanted to yell: What the hell are you doing?, but before he could, he heard a dull thud,
something -or someone, hitting the ice.
Dundy listened in frozen horror as the voice of Sir John called out to James.
"James, help me, I can't move..."
Of course, Dundy should've rushed to his Captain's side at hearing this, and he did approach,
but he was stopped by movement down the slope.
James, coming to help, surely.
Dundy would never be able to explain the instinct that had kept him back, still, but he had a
mostly clear view of what happened next.
James, with a lantern, coming to a halt next to Sir John's body. James lowering himself to the
floor, exchanging a few words Dundy couldn't understand with Sir John.
James pulling the comforter off Sir John's neck...

Down to the last second, Dundy refused to believe what he was seeing. It simply defied
comprehension.
But slowly, Dundy came to realise that his eyes weren't deceiving him.
James Fitzjames had strangled Sir John Franklin to death with his comforter.
Dundy was frozen in shock, so he didn't rush to stop James. He wouldn't have done anything,
had he not heard the voice of Edward Little, calling out: "Commander!"
James raised his head from Sir John's body.
Dundy quickly fumbled to extinguish his lantern, praying he hadn't been spotted. The fear in
his veins was primal, fear for his life. It refused to consider that James was his friend, that
surely James would never hurt him upon finding him here...
But then, James had just committed heinous murder.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dundy didn't know how long he stood there, alone in the dark with his extinguished lantern.
He wasn't so much hiding from the murderers but trying to process what he'd just seen.
It was the cold that urged him to move, in the end. He didn't want to lose any more toes.
With his blood thundering in his ears he approached Sir John's corpse. He had no light
anymore, but the snow had let up and some stars were visible.
Dundy fell to his knees beside him, feeling the crunch of James's broken lantern under him.
He touched Sir John's cold cheek with his gloved hand.
Why didn't I do anything? Why didn't I save him?
He could've fought James -he had gone boxing with him and Charlewood, back in England.
With the element of surprise on his side, he could'veBut he reminded himself that James hadn't been alone. And even if he hadn't, what should
Dundy have done? Killed James, his friend and his lover?
James would hang for this, it occurred to Dundy. He would hang, if it was known what he'd
just done.
For the barest moment, Dundy tried to tell himself that James deserved it, that he was a
murderer -but Dundy couldn't ignore how his heart ached at the very idea of it, even as was
kneeling next to the cold, dead body of his leader.
That was because it was Crozier's fault, he realised.

James might have done the deed, but Crozier was the instigator. There could be no other
explanation.
And if there was any justice in this world, Crozier would hang for this.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 40: Perspectives
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Dundy didn't look up when James entered.
There was no brig on Terror, or rather the room that had used to function in this manner had
been converted for storage. Whoever had made the decision probably figured that everyone
below a petty officer who needed to be punished would just be lashed, and those high in rank
would just behave themselves.
Anyway, so it happened that Dundy was sitting on a trunk of... something, in the only part of
the room that wasn't blocked by entire rows of them.
Francis and Little waited outside, and James had no illusion that Francis would try to listen
in. He had every right to.
Still, Francis pulled the door shut behind James, perhaps to give Dundy the illusion that this
was a private conversation.
On the way, he had told James to call out if Le Vesconte "tried anything" to which James had
replied that he was perfectly safe, far more confident than he felt.
After Dundy's performance at the funeral, he could be certain of nothing.
"Are you just going to ignore me?", James asked, when Dundy made no move to
acknowledge him in any way.
"Of course not, Captain.", Dundy replied, finally looking up. His expression was blank.
James felt cold clench his heart. He had never liked a formal address less.
"Will you tell me what the hell you were doing?", he demanded. "You said you would just
read the sermon!"
A shadow went over Dundy's face. "Someone needed to tell the truth at the funeral, and since
your Francis wasn't going to do it..."
It took everything for James not to physically flinch at "your Francis". He had no idea what
to do, what to say. There was no pretense to get him out of this.
"What do you mean?"
James had the miniscule hope that Dundy might still want to pretend. James knew better than
anyone the power of pretense, of a good story to lull someone.
But here, he had miscalculated.

"Really, James?", Dundy said, a sneer appearing on his face. "You're going to feign ignorance
still, when we both know what really happened?"
James felt acute panic at that, a sudden terror that almost made him speechless. Almost.
"So I am James once more."
"I can hardly call you by your title when we're discussing what you did to attain it.", Dundy
said dismissively.
James had to look away from Dundy's nine-yard stare, the fear and a potent sense of shame
being too much.
He felt naked, a man with nigh a scrap to protect him.
"Are going to deny it?", Dundy asked. "You can, of course. I won't believe you, but if you'd
like to pretend, I won't stop you. Might save my life, that."
James, who had been covering his face in despair, lowered his hands and stared at his friend
incredulously.
"Pardon? Why would your life be in danger?"
The sneer appeared on Dundy's face again. "Do you just mean to act like an idiot or are you
truly that naive? Didn't Crozier tell you already that I must die for daring to challenge him?"
"Francis would never-"
"Francis would never?! Do you hear yourself? He made you kill a man! There's no reason
why he wouldn't do it again!"
James closed his eyes briefly. "That was different."
"How?"
James didn't answer. He turned around the room in a small circle, fighting the urge to kick
one of the stacks of crates blocking his way.
"He didn't make me, also. It was my choice, my deed."
"But his idea.", Dundy spat.
James could've lied, but he didn't see the point. He didn't see the point of anything anymore.
"You must think me vile.", he said, swallowing around his sore throat.
Dundy's jaw twitched, but he said nothing.
James wanted to scream. He wanted to cry and beat his fists on the bulkhead. He did none of
those things, and instead pulled himself together, tried to take stock of what was important.

"You must tell me how you know. Please, tell me.", he said.
"How I know what?", Dundy hissed. "I will not go to my death without you having said it at
least once!"
"For Christ's sake, no one is going to kill you!"
James had to keep himself from yelling and taxing his larynx further.
"Have you asked Crozier about that? Because I'm sure he sees that differently."
"He does not.", James replied. "If he thinks you guilty of a crime, he will have you stand trial
according to the Articles of War."
Dundy scoffed.
James didn't blame him, honestly, as they both knew that Dundy could never be prosecuted
for what he'd said at the funeral without threatening to expose Sir John's murder.
However, James couldn't believe that under any circumstances Francis actually considered
executing Dundy.
Just because James had accused Francis of acting like a tyrant towards Dundy in their heated,
sexually charged arguments, didn't mean that he actually believed it.
"Be that as it may, Francis won't hurt you.", James tried to assure his friend.
"Oh, really, and why am I locked in here, then?"
"You incited mutiny at a funeral, Dundy, of course there are consequences for that. Be
reasonable.", James said.
Dundy jumped to his feet at that, irate. "Reasonable? Reasonable?!" He began to advance on
James, and James couldn't keep himself from shrinking back until his back hit the stack of
crates. "You strangled your Captain to death, and you ask me to be reasonable?!"
James knew the feeling of shame, far more than he cared to. The shame of his birth had hung
over his head as soon as he was old enough to understand what bastardy meant. Then there
had been the shame of how much he liked playing the woman, something he kept locked
away deep inside himself.
The shame of being an invert, ditto, though he had somehow managed to not let it get to him
too much. Perhaps it helped that he was not overly religious.
Yet all of this, even the first thing, was nothing compared to the sense of shame that assaulted
him now, the shame of what he'd done to a man who had liked and trusted him.
He saw it all reflected in Dundy's eyes, and it was just too much.
"I didn't-"

"I saw you!", Dundy cut off whatever pathetic lie James had reflexively begun. "I saw you
and I heard him, how he called out to you. How you ran to him, only to cruelly murder him! I
saw you!"
To his mortification, James realised that he was about to cry.
"Dundy...", he whispered. "Please..."
"Please what, James? Will you still deny it, hm? When we both know the heinous truth?"
James tried desperately to think. "If that is so, why didn't you accuse me in your speech?
Why did you say that I was your Captain?"
Dundy, who had been standing very close but wasn't touching him, suddenly grabbed his
arms. James flinched.
"Because you aren't the mastermind behind this plan. You were just used as its executioner."
James shook his head mutely. Please, someone wake me up from this nightmare, he thought.
"What did he tell you, hm?", Dundy continued, his voice jarringly soft. "That we would all
die if you didn't kill him?"
James could've replied that that was exactly what was going to happen, and that there was
proof, and that, no matter the heinousness of the deed, one life wasn't worth over a hundred.
Instead, he said: "Dundy, stop it. Please, just stop it."
"Whatever his reasoning was, it was still murder. And should things get bad, he can blame it
all on you. That was doubtlessly calculated."
James freed himself from Dundy's hold and turned away. He understood all too well how
Dundy was seeing this, an why. And the rotten, terrible thing was, that it made sense from his
perspective, and wasn't even wholly untrue.
Murder was murder.
James had a talent for dishonesty and obfuscations, but certain things remained true no matter
how well they were coated in lies.
Years and years ago, James had gotten his position as a midshipman through questionable
means, by essentially lying about his service record, counting on the fact that when his
superiors noticed, it was too late to correct the mistake.
He had felt barely any guilt over this, even though that, unlike the circumstances of his birth,
had been his fault entire.
And when his Captain had finally caught on the mistake and confronted him, he had to act
suitably contrite.

"It doesn't matter how guilty you feel.", the Captain had said. "A lie is a lie."
And murder was murder.
James decided to change the subject. "The Carnivale.", he said. "I don't suppose you have any
idea why Stephen decided to have us all go up in flames?"
Dundy sighed. "I told him what I saw. I thought he would help me. And he said he would,
and told me to go and pretend to celebrate, he had a plan. I should've been more suspicious,
but I admit that I my thoughts weren't exactly in order."
So that mystery was solved. And those dead had still been James's fault, the result of James's
actions.
"I'm sorry.", Dundy said. "That horror should've been avoided. Though I suppose Crozier is
just glad that he doesn't have to go up against Stephen anymore."
"Don't be ridiculous.", James whispered.
"What did he tell you?", Dundy asked again.
James took a deep breath and turned around to face him. "I don't think you fully realise how
dire our situation is. I didn't see it as well, only too late, but I wish I could make you realise
that there truly was no other choice. There just wasn't."
"There's always a choice.", Dundy said.
"Not if we want to live."
Dundy shook his head and advanced on James again. James stood his ground this time.
"How do you know that for sure? What makes Crozier's word better than Sir John's? They're
both Arctic veterans. How can Crozier be sure that he didn't just make a false guess, man that
he is, and not God?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
As Francis listened to the conversation between James and Le Vesconte, he had to stop
himself multiple times from storming into the room and making a fool of himself.
So Le Vesconte thought he had dragged an unwitting James into this against his will, did he?
And he thought Francis wanted to kill him.
He probably wanted to drive a wedge between him and James, too.
By the time they got to Stanley and the fire, Francis was absolutely seething with rage. One
thing Le Vesconte could be sure of: their dislike and distrust of each other was very much
mutual.

Had he been still on the drink, Francis would've doubtlessly lost himself in that rage, and God
only knew what he would've done next.
Now though, sober as he was, Francis had to realise that regardless of his feelings, he had
problem now. They had a problem, and rage wouldn't help to solve it.
He ought to fear the part of him that would've happily sent Le Vesconte to the gallows, and
he did.
No matter how much Francis hated him, Le Vesconte didn't deserve to die.
Francis was on a mission to preserve life, for God's sake, and he would do well to remember
that!
But doing that didn't make the problem go away, in fact it made it bigger.
Because now he had to decide what the hell he should do with Le Vesconte.
Le Vesconte had witnessed the murder, which meant he could make an effort to have them
hanged for mutiny if he made it back to England.
However, the fact that James had committed the murder, or at least the most important part of
the act, made Francis have to admit that Le Vesconte probably wouldn't talk about what he
had witnessed. He wanted to see Francis hang for this, but not James, so he would have to be
more circumspect.
His strategy was probably to get the crew to question Francis's motives first, then to trust
rumors about him to make it back to the Admiralty in England.
Francis had to say, he had no idea how successful Le Vesconte's instigating had been so far.
He would have to ask Mr. Hickey about the mood among Terror's crew, though he was
generally more worried about Erebus's.
Really, the Admiralty and England were issues for another day, however. First they had to
make it out of here alive.
And Francis would have to drag Le Vesconte with him, kicking and screaming, if need be.
Francis wished dearly that Thomas was here to give him his unfiltered advice, as he would
receive it from no one else, except James.
But while Francis cared too little about Le Vesconte, James went in the opposite direction. He
cared too much. He had miscalculated the threat his friend represented before, and would
perhaps do it again.
"I'm going to leave now.", James said on the other side of the door. "We have to decide what
to do with you."
"I see.", Le Vesconte replied bitterly. "And you will bend your head to Crozier's will, won't
you?"

There was a pause. Footsteps, then James's heated voice: "I swear to you, as long as I live,
that you won't be treated unjustly."
Francis had just stepped away from the door when James opened it.
"I want you to stand guard, Edward.", Francis told Lieutenant Little. "I'll sent Jopson to
relieve you, later."
"Yes, sir. Though it will look queer that the Marines aren't doing it.", Edward pointed out.
"I know. But I don't trust anyone who isn't privy to the... circumstances.", Francis replied in a
low voice.
"Francis, we need to talk.", James said.
"Of course. Follow me."
Francis led the way back to his berth. They passed many men talking amongst themselves,
then characteristically falling silent when they saw Francis. Mr. Hickey was sitting with the
largest group, Francis was halfway relieved to note, though he refrained from pulling Hickey
out in front of the men.
Nobody liked a spy, after all.
He almost told the men to get back to work, until he remembered that he had decided to give
them the day free in light of the funeral. One day, a day that might cost them dearly, but
Francis saw that he had to respect Sir John's legacy at least to some degree or he would have
a mutiny on his hands.
He might have one, still, if Le Vesconte got his way...
Once in the Captain's berth with the door closed, James fell into his arms and pulled him
close, almost knocking the cap he was still wearing from Francis's head with his own.
Francis allowed himself a short moment of comfort, before he said: "James. We need to talk,
as you said."
James nodded against his shoulder and drew back. He began to unbotton his coat and took his
cap off. Francis followed suit.
"We should confine Le Vesconte until we leave, I think. On the walk, I want him to be with
me at all times so I can keep an eye on him.", Francis said.
James looked at him, shaking his head. "Francis, you can't stand each other. If you are with
him 'round the clock, there is no way you wouldn't come to blows before one hour is over."
"How much faith you have in me.", Francis said, irritated.
"I have much faith in you, but Dundy will probably try to provoke you. He wants to bring
you down, that he made abundantly clear."

Francis sighed. "It surprises me that you're willing to believe that of him, I admit."
James glared at him. "Now who's having no faith in whom? I did listen to what he said to me,
as I assume you did."
"I did.", Francis conceded. "Then I'll have Edward watch over him. I think that would work
better. His access to the men needs to be as little as possible, but hopefully it won't matter as
much when we're all focused on surviving."
"That still doesn't take care of the underlying problem, Francis.", James said.
"That being?", Francis snapped.
He immediately felt sorry for his cross tone, as James wasn't at fault for Le Vesconte's
actions. He was just frustrated, with himself mostly, for not having somehow prevented this.
James stayed calm. "He blames you for Sir John's death. He wants you to get punished
accordingly. We obviously have to find a way to get him on your side."
Francis felt vaguely alarmed. "Impossible!", he asserted.
James shook his head again. "Dundy is a reasonable man, and he will listen if we tell him the
truth. If you tell him the truth."
"And what truth is that?"
"The truth of your time travel. How it would all have ended if we hadn't killed Sir John."
Francis scoffed. "As if he would believe that!"
"He will. If you're truly honest with him, if you tell it to him like you told me-"
"If I weep and cry, you mean? Forget it, James. I'm not doing that.", Francis said.
"Francis-"
"I'm not! End of discussion."
James crossed his arms. "Is your pride truly more important to you than your life?", he
demanded.
"This isn't about pride."
"Oh, yes, it is!", James insisted. "You don't want to be vulnerable in front of Dundy!"
"Because 'Dundy' wants me dead!", Francis spat.
"He wouldn't want you dead if you had been civil to him at least once!"
"Are we really having that same bloody argument again?"

James sighed in frustration. "We'll have as often as it takes you to realise that Dundy is not
your enemy, unless you make him your enemy!"
Francis continued in a calmer voice: "You're naive, James, if you think anything can still
change Le Vesconte's opinion of me."
James's mouth curled into a snarl, but before he could reply, there was a knock on the door.
"I was wondering if you're staying for dinner, Captain Fitzjames.", Jopson said after they'd
admitted him.
"I need to get back to my ship.", James replied. He turned back to Francis. "Fairholme is the
only Lieutenant I have left, and Des Voeux has been keeping Dundy company lately. I need
to make sure I don't have a bloody mutiny on my hands until they day is out."
Francis immediately felt contrite. "If there's anything I can do to help-"
"You can talk to Dundy."
"Except that."
James stared angrily at Francis for a moment, then said: "I'm leaving. Have it your way,
Francis, but know that the only thing you're doing is making everything more difficult for all
of us."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hickey had always been good at gambling. His recipe for success consisted mostly of
knowing when not to play at all.
But if he was forced to, like now, he refused to be pressured. He weighed his chances,
carefully, before placing his bets. He made sure there was no possibility of losing big, even if
that diminished a huge win.
Hickey didn't know Lieutenant Le Vesconte. That was an oversight that had to be rectified
immediately.
Since he couldn't just waltz up to the brig and ask to be admitted, Hickey turned to his trusted
source of gossip and interpersonal relations, Billy Gibson. And sure enough, Billy did know
some stuff, even though Le Vesconte was from Erebus.
"Lieutenant Hodgson knows him. They fought in China together.", Billy told him.
"Apparently, Le Vesconte and Captain Fitzjames are as thick as thieves. They knew each
other already when Hodgson met them, and apparently they could finish each other's
sentences..."
"Makes sense why he said Fitzjames was his Captain, then.", Hickey said.
"I don't understand why he hijacked the funeral like that, if that's what you're after.", Billy
added.

They were in his quarters, Hickey seeking him out after he had talked to the men a bunch.
Most of them were confused, and swore in their pathetic, blind devotion, that Captain Crozier
would never commit a murder, Le Vesconte must have personal reasons for slandering him
like that, and he deserved the lash for this, yes he did.
But officers weren't allowed to be lashed, which Hickey had only just found out about and
could only privately sneer at while outwardly pretending like he'd known all along.
Hickey was willing to bet, though, that the mood was quite different on Erebus. Le Vesconte
had to have a backing to do something like that, if he wasn't completely stupid, and that
Hickey couldn't say. Yet.
He wondered, however, if Fitzjames was going against Crozier now.
Did the two love-birds have a quarrel?
If they had, Crozier wasn't aware of it, or else he wouldn't have invited Fitzjames to talk to Le
Vesconte alone, followed by the two of them going to his cabin.
Was Fitzjames playing a double game? Or was the real fight between him and Le Vesconte?
"Who says I'm after anything?", Hickey asked Billy. "Maybe I simply wanted the pleasure of
your company."
Billy sighed. "You're always after something, Cornelius."
Hickey considered. "What if I told you that my special deal with the Captain was back on?"
Billy, who had been eyeing his bedspread critically, whipped up to face a grinning Hickey.
"Then I would tell you that you should be smarter than to get involved in the Captain's
affairs."
Hickey's grin deepened. "As far as I know, the Captain only has one affair, and he hides it
very badly."
"Yes, he must, for you to have caught on.", Billy said, then paused. "Cornelius? You're not
blackmailing the Captain, are you?"
Because he loved to be contrary, Hickey said: "And what would be so bad about that?"
Billy ran a hand through his hair. "You're going to give me grey hairs, worrying about you!",
he accused.
Hickey felt touched despite himself. He put a hand on Billy's arm. "I'm smarter than the
Captain, Billy."
"And that you think that is exactly your problem.", Billy said, but he didn't remove Hickey's
hand, much to the other's delight.

They hadn't talked about the Carnivale yet. Hickey wondered if Billy had forgotten his
confession of missing him, drunk as he had been.
"Anyway, we might have to make a decision soon.", Hickey said. "About loyalty."
"I'm loyal to the person who can get me home.", Billy replied. "Going on this entire cursed
expedition was a stupid mistake, but I would at least prefer to get out alive."
True that, Hickey thought.
"You don't want to find the Passage? See Hawai'i?"
"You know there are ships going to Hawai'i the other way, don't you? Anyway, why are you
so obsessed with that place?", Billy asked.
"My sources said that this journey would be faster than the other ships.", Hickey replied,
ignoring the other question.
"Parry overwintered in the Arctic twice. Ships get stuck in ice all the time. Did your sources
say anything about that?"
They decidedly had not. Hickey had long since begun to think that the real Cornelius Hickey
had not been the sharpest tool in the shed, much the pity.
Of course, Hickey didn't like to admit when he didn't know something, even to Billy.
Especially not to to Billy.
"I want to be free, Billy. Free of the rotten life I had before. Hawai'i sounds like a place where
I might achieve that." Hickey pulled out a cigarette. "I suppose I should've known it sounded
too good to be true."
"Not in my room.", Billy said, pointing to the cigarette.
"Really?", Hickey mocked, as he pulled a box of matches out of his pocket.
"Cornelius, I'm warning you."
"What are you gonna do to stop me?", Hickey challenged.
Billy glared at him and snatched the cigarette away from between Hickey lips, lightning fast.
"Give it back!"
"Forget it!"
More out of necessity than anything else Hickey knew how to hold his own in a fight, but
those skills only helped him if he truly wanted to hurt the other person.
Despite everything, he did want to stay on Billy's good side.

Rather clumsily, he threw himself at Billy to get the cigarette back, but Billy kept it out of his
reach. Then Hickey had the rather immature idea to start tickling Billy, because Billy was
ticklish, which resulted in them landing on a heap on the bed.
"Not fair, Cornelius!", Billy gasped between tears of laughter.
He relinquished the cigarette, but by now it had been crushed in his hand.
"We need to conserve supplies!", Hickey admonished Billy, who seemingly hadn't realised
yet that they were lying in his bed together, something he had never allowed before.
"I don't think the Captain meant your disgusting cigarettes."
"Every sailor smokes, how can you be so... prudish in that regard?", Hickey asked him.
"Well, I don't smoke.", Billy said. "What are you doing?"
This was his response to Hickey running his hand up Billy's arm in a caress meant to
tantalise.
"You said you missed me.", Hickey whispered, leaning closer.
Billy's eyes widened. "When?"
"At the Carnivale."
"I was blinding drunk at the Carnivale.", Billy said quickly, a blush appearing on his cheeks.
"Doesn't mean you weren't being truthful."
Hickey's hand was framing his neck now, thumb stroking his throat. Billy seemed to realise
only now how intimately entangled they were already, and he quickly jumped to his feet and
smoothed his clothes.
Hickey sighed in annoyance.
"We can't, Cornelius. I will not see either of us hanged."
"Who will tell on us? Even if we are caught, they will just go to the Captain or Fitzjames.
And they will do nothing."
Billy ran a hand through his hair. "How can you know that for sure? Fitzjames reported us
before."
Hickey, who didn't see any reason to get up from the bed, or even correct his casual lounging
position, replied: "Yes, but Crozier didn't do anything. And now that I know about them, too,
they're not going to dare-"
"Oh, they might, seeing as you told Franklin about them!"
Hickey sighed again. "Alright, fine. Have it your way."

It occurred to Hickey that he might convince Billy if he told about the entire murder, but he
didn't want to do that, not yet.
Not before he knew himself how he was going to proceed...
"Is there anything else you can tell me about Le Vesconte?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

So, since this story is rather serious and high stakes I tried to let loose a little and wrote a
little something I'm going to publish soon, so if you're looking for something lighter to
distract you from this...
... get ready for a Fitzier coffeeshop AU!!! I felt like we could use one. It's not
completely plotless, and there is some drama (can't do without that) but it's definitely not
a matter of life and death...

Chapter 41: Francis
When the day came to abandon the ships, Francis felt suitably grave.
Yes, no one had mutinied against him yet, though Hickey had warned him that he shouldn't
trust anyone on Erebus in his reckoning.
Still, Francis had felt dangerously close to hopeless ever since Le Vesconte's speech at Sir
John's funeral.
Francis had to admit that that was mostly due to his continuous disagreement with James in
the beginning, yet it also went deeper than that.
At first, Francis had refused to consider James's idea of him telling Le Vesconte the truth. It
was preposterous, plain and simple.
Le Vesconte wouldn't believe him, and only think Francis insane afterwards.
But after the first evening with Le Vesconte in the brig had passed, James back on Erebus, he
had gone down with Jopson to relieve Edward.
"Won't you talk to him, sir?", Edward had asked.
As Francis had shaken his head, he had realised something: it wasn't just his pride that was
holding him back from even considering James's suggestion. It was fear.
He could barely talk about the horror of it in front of people he trusted; the idea of doing it in
front of someone who actively despised him was terrifying.
Francis had to admit, he knew what James meant when he had said that his honesty and
earnestness would convince Le Vesconte.
The problem was, he couldn't make himself vulnerable like that in front of him. He just
couldn't.
"I will not.", Francis said to Edward.
He had lain awake at night, thinking about James and Le Vesconte and his cowardice. He had
worried, how they were going to make it if Le Vesconte had managed to destroy his rapport
with the men.
On Terror, everything seemed alright, but as Hickey told him the next day, Erebus was a
different story.
"And on what do you base that claim?", Francis asked the Caulker's Mate.
Hickey cocked his head. "The nature of men. You simply don't have a strong foothold on the
loyalties over there. Even here, Sir John was revered, but the difference is, you are also

respected. Who on Erebus has seen more than a few glimpses of you?"
Francis nodded. Hickey was right. The question was, what could be done about it...
He should go over to Erebus and talk to the men, and do it soon. Perhaps if he delivered
something that was akin to his sermons on Terror, they would warm to him.
"Christ, we don't have time for this!", Francis groused. "We want to be leaving soon, and that
will be difficult enough..."
"What does the Lieutenant say?", Hickey asked.
Francis hadn't been paying attention. "Pardon?"
"Le Vesconte. What did he say to you, why he did it?"
Francis of course couldn't admit that he had as of yet not talked to Le Vesconte.
"He saw the deed.", he said curtly.
"Oh, that's not good.", Hickey replied. "But at least he didn't say something like that at the
funeral, just implied it."
Francis regarded Hickey. He had not forgotten what he had claimed in the other time, that he
had killed the real Cornelius Hickey in order to join the expedition.
Francis had wondered what he should do about it, but had come to the conclusion that now
wasn't the time to make an enemy of Hickey as well, and so he had done nothing.
The knowledge only served him to not underestimate Hickey ever again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Francis had made the decision to take Hodgson and Irving with him on his way over to
Erebus. Edward was guarding Le Vesconte, and Francis still didn't want to replace him with
one of the Marines.
He knew that this was partly because he remembered Tozer being a part of the mutineers in
the other time, yet he couldn't tell himself he was to be trusted now.
"Will you make Dundy stand trial, back in England?", Hodgson asked him with barely
concealed worry.
"He would deserve it.", Irving cut in before Francis could answer. "He accused the Captain of
being a murderer!"
"In his grief, John.", Hodgson said. "You should know that the Lord asks us to forgive our
offenders."
"Yes, but-"

"I'm not going to make him stand trial.", Francis interrupted their argument. "I'm only
keeping him confined on Terror so he doesn't incite mutiny on Erebus."
"You don't trust Captain Fitzjames to keep him at bay?", Irving asked.
Francis sighed. "I have only the deepest trust in Captain Fitzjames. On the other hand, I don't
trust Le Vesconte."
Hodgson stepped up to him, looking earnestly pleading. "I understand your reasons, of
course, but I would beg you to remember that there was no malicious intent behind his
actions, only grief. Sir John's death was a blow to all of us."
"I will remember that.", Francis promised him.
When they had nearly reached Erebus, there was the sound of a musket being fired. They
immediately ducked and yelled, asking what was going on.
"It's the Captain, from Terror, and two Lieutenants!", Irving called, as if any person on the
ship wouldn't have been able to recognize them instantly, seeing as they had daylight.
"I'm sorry, Captain Crozier!", came the voice of Mr. Des Voeux from the railing. "We weren't
shooting in your direction, it's just that Mr. Pilkington thought he saw the beast, sir."
And so they went on board with an ominous feeling. Francis wondered if he truly had to fear
that Des Voeux had been lying.
"Summon all hands on deck.", Francis ordered the man once they had passed the railing.
Naturally, he would've wanted to talk to James first, but he knew it would look better if he
weren't seen to converse privately with him before speaking to the men.
James was one of the first to appear on deck, still in the process of buttoning his coat. He
went straight to Francis.
"Would you care to tell me what is going on?", he said quietly.
"I thought I might address the men.", Francis replied.
"I just dismissed them half an hour ago, after doing a big speech on your brilliance.", James
hissed. "And it was sorely needed, too."
Francis was beginning to see that perhaps he should've talked to James beforehand. Well.
What's done is done., he thought.
"Did Le Vesconte's speech do much damage?", he murmured to James.
James nodded, harried, but Francis could also see the truth in the sullen, mulish faces of the
men as they gathered.

"Dundy is very popular here. And Sir John, he is like a God. They already think you did
wrong by disagreeing with him, and rescinding his orders. You should've stayed on Terror,
Francis, and given me time to work on them." James cleared his throat multiple times. His
voice was barely there, no doubt taxed from the speech he'd had to do.
"I thought it better if they hear me explain in my own words that I'm innocent."
James just silently shook his head, but it was too late.
Francis faced the men, standing at the exact same spot Sir John had always been in when he
delivered his sermons on deck. Maybe that was a mistake, Francis couldn't judge it terribly
well.
He didn't know these men, not like he knew his Terrors.
He felt a distinct unease creep up in him.
"I came to make sure the preparations are going well.", he began. "I must say, in this time of
uncertainty, you have done splendidly and I commend you for it. Still, I wanted to clarify a
few things, because I'm sure the performance of Lieutenant Le Vesconte yesterday caused a
great deal of disquiet."
Over the years, Francis had developed a sense for his audience whenever he spoke. Initially,
he'd been surprised to see that holding a speech wasn't a singular affair, despite there only
being one speaker.
The audience always influenced the speech, and a good speaker worked with that, with the
mood that he sensed from his men.
Now, he looked into closed off faces, faces that only didn't seem hostile because they feared
his influence. Francis had never believed in ruling as Captain through fear. Discipline, yes,
but not fear.
"Yes, I quarreled with Sir John, as I'm sure you already know. But never did I do it because I
didn't respect him, nor because I sought some sort of personal advancement. I quarreled with
him because I was deeply worried for the fate of this expedition, and I saw it as my duty to
speak up, because I don't want a single one of you to freeze or starve."
Francis could see that the men weren't exactly warming to him, but they were curious for his
explanation.
He continued: "Sir John Franklin was a remarkable man. Everything I said about him at the
funeral was sincerely meant and true. But every man, myself included, can make mistakes.
My proposal to abandon the ships wasn't just favored by me, they are multiple experts who
advised us similarly. You can ask your Ice Master, Mr. Reid. It is the job of a good Second to
not only assist his First, but to think on his own two feet and if necessary, even question the
First's judgement. Sir John wanted me to do that, and he always appreciated my candor, even
in his anger."

This was a lie, but it hardly did anything one way or the other.
"I'm going to tell you something, something that many of you have suspected for a long time.
Sir John sought to keep the knowledge of it from you, and I agreed, for at the time there
wasn't anything we could do about it. It is true that you haven't been eating from the cans we
brought for months now, and that is because they are poisoned, all of them, with lead."
Francis paused to let that sink in. The men shared looks and murmured between themselves,
and Francis felt the mood change. There was fear, palpable in the air.
"We simply can't stay here for another winter. We can't. We want to find the Passage, but not
at the cost of our lives. And so we have to abandon the ships. The march will be difficult, I
will not lie. We will need the help of the Netsilik people to survive, but if we all make an
effort, we will survive. I want to bring every single one of you home."
Francis paused again, sighed, and continued gravely: "And once we are home, everyone who
thinks I am guilty of any transgression can say so at the court martial. I won't stop you. I
won't stop Lieutenant Le Vesconte, who deserves to live same as every single one of you."
James stared at him in surprise, before schooling himself. He wasn't the only one.
"First, though, we have to get home. Fort Resolution is far away, and we don't know what
dangers we'll encounter along the way. That's why I'm asking you to trust me, and Captain
Fitzjames, to lead you on this long, long walk."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He dismissed the men, who went back to work on their venture with renewed desperation.
Few of them lingered, though, around Des Voeux and Fairholme.
Des Voeux finally walked up to Francis and asked him if he would release Le Vesconte.
Francis had dreaded that very question. On the one hand, it would be a gesture of trust that
would be good for his rapport with the men. On the other, Le Vesconte might destroy that
rapport single handedly if he was released back to Erebus.
On the long walk, other problems would hopefully keep them occupied enough for Le
Vesconte not to have much time to sow dissent, also the Terrors would be there among the
Erebites, making a more nuanced crowd.
"I don't think it would be prudent of me to release him yet.", Francis said to Des Voeux and
the others. "Mind you, he is enjoying every comfort we can provide on Terror. But I'm afraid
that in his grief, he might do something irrational, and that's why I'm keeping him confined."
"What does that mean?", Des Voeux asked, just barely skirting the line to insubordination.
"It means that Captain Crozier is doing what's best for the Lieutenant, and for you.", James
cut in. "And now I will speak to my First alone, if you'll excuse us."
Francis dismissed Hodgson and Irving, though they both lingered uneasily. Perhaps it would
do some good if they talked to the malcontents, though Francis hoped Hodgson wouldn't be

swayed by his regard for Le Vesconte.
"That was well done.", James said when they were standing in his cabin.
It was the same one as before, clearly James hadn't opted to move into the Captain's berth.
"Thank you.", Francis replied. "We need to move soon. The faster we're on our way, the
better."
James nodded. "There is a problem. Some of the men told me they want to stay with the
ships, in case thaw does come. I can only hope that the truth about the cans you shared put
them off the idea."
"We're not leaving a single man behind.", Francis said. "I will bind them and drag them with
us, if need be."
James nodded again. "Francis. Tell me how Dundy is. What does he say?"
The lie was ready on Francis’s tongue, but he decided against it. He would be honest with
James, even if it lead to a fight.
"I haven't seen him yet.", he said. "But I suppose he is fine."
"You need to talk to him! Every hour you don't he will imagine you to be worse and worse,
especially if he sitting alone and confined!"
"I have no interest in talking to him."
James pinched the bridge of his nose. "Francis-"
"No, James, I will not tell him how my entire life was destroyed, how you died in my arms,
you and all the others-" Francis's voice broke and he looked to the floor.
Suddenly, he felt James's hands on his shoulders, then his cheeks, forcing him to gaze up at
him.
There was no anger in his eyes anymore, but understanding. Compassion. Francis stifled a
sob.
"Come here.", James whispered. "Come here."
He pulled Francis close and let him rest his head on his shoulder. Francis breathed him in,
trying to remember for the thousandth time that James was alive, and by God he would stay
that way...
"I don't know if we'll make it.", Francis confessed. "I can't stand it a second time, the death of
everyone, I can't..."
"You won't have to.", James murmured. "My love, you won't have to. We're stronger, now.
It's a year early, we have help..."

Francis tried to believe him, but he knew James couldn't promise him with absolute certainty
that it wouldn't happen again. No one could.
For a while, Francis just let himself be held, clinging to James.
"You know, Dundy and I didn't always get along, either.", James broke the silence.
Francis frowned. "Must you-"
"I must, Francis. I must. You have to see that Dundy isn't... some evil mastermind set to
destroy you. He is just a man. A man like you."
"You will not-"
James ran a calming hand through Francis's hair. "I know you don't like to be compared to
him. It's a shame, for you do have some things in common. Dundy didn't like me, at first. We
met on the Excellent, gunnery school, and I think he rather hated me."
Curious despite himself, Francis asked: "Why that?"
He made no move to get out of James's embrace, feeling too exhausted, too safe to do so.
"Well, he must have believed I was a rather arrogant sort, and not very nice, since I kept
playing practical jokes on Charlewood, whom Dundy liked better. He had no idea that
Charlewood is just as bad as I am... And there's also Barrow- John Barrow's son, that is. We
became friends around that time. Dundy resented that, because he thought there was nothing
to me but bluster and a thirst for glory."
Francis considered. He had to admit, that wasn't dissimilar from his own first impression of
James, flawed though it had been.
"How did you become friends?"
"By getting to know each other. We were in China together, and when I was Captain of the
Clio, he became my first Lieutenant. We had many adventures together, tales you already
know...", James said, taking a step back so he could frame Francis's face between his hands.
"Francis, try to think of it from his perspective. He only had Sir John's assurances that
everything would be alright. He didn't hear a single one of your sermons. He doesn't
understand the danger we're in. If you can't talk about the time travel, at least you can try to
make him understand that."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jopson and Edward were sitting before the brig when Francis arrived, whispering amongst
themselves like a pair of schoolboys.
They immediately broke apart upon seeing Francis and stood at attention.
"At ease, gentlemen.", Francis said. "I just came to talk to the Lieutenant. Has he spoken to
you?"

"Yes, he has. He's very civil so far, though he didn't talk about anything of importance.",
Little replied.
Francis nodded and waited until Little had unlocked the door, then stepped inside.
Le Vesconte seemed to have just roused himself from sleep, for be blinked drowsily up at
Francis for a moment before his expression became guarded and he straightened.
"Captain Crozier.", he said, affecting a bland tone.
"I suppose I should count myself lucky that you still address me thus.", Francis mused.
"You are the Captain. For now.", Le Vesconte returned.
"Implying anything?"
"Only that things may change once we are home."
"Home.", Francis repeated, shaking his head. "You'll find that it will be a long time yet before
we reach England. Much can change until then."
Le Vesconte eyed him wearily. "What do you mean by that?"
Francis took a deep breath, forcing the prepared words past his lips: "I don't wish for us to
remain in enmity. I want you to understand why James and I did what we did, that we didn't
do it out of malice or egotism, but to ensure our survival. And I suppose the first step to
accomplish that is to be honest with you."
"Honest.", Le Vesconte repeated, sceptical.
"Aye. Honest."
Francis held his gaze for a moment, before turning away.
"Have you ever been to the Arctic before? Or even the Antarctic?"
"You know I have not.", Le Vesconte said.
Francis nodded. He had known that. "I suppose it's in the way we grow up, Lieutenant. This
unspeakable... arrogance that we can conquer anything the world throws at us, that nature
throws at us, just because we are English."
"Or in your case, Irish.", Le Vesconte remarked.
Francis conceded this with another nod. "It has served us well, in some cases. Built us an
empire, even. But there are certain places where this kind of thinking is foolish. Lethal, even.
And the Arctic, I regret to say, is one of those places."
"And you're about to say that Sir John thought this way, are you not?"

Francis looked at Le Vesconte again. He expected a sneer, open ridicule, but there was only
that same blandness as before.
"He did. And I did too, for the longest time. It was only until it was almost too late that the
error of my ways occurred to me.", Francis said.
He recounted the facts, facts Le Vesconte already knew, but he took care to put them in a new
light.
"Sir John wouldn't have moved. He would've stayed here, in the ice, for another winter, as
long as it would've taken. And it would've killed us all."
"How do you know for sure?", Le Vesconte asked.
"Because you can't count on luck in this part of the world. Parry learned that lesson bitterly.
Sir John Ross, too. In the end, luck helped them survive, but only just. It could've easily been
fatal for the both of them."
Le Vesconte digested this with a frown. "Had not Sir John a similar experience? Didn't he
almost die of starvation on land?"
"Just because he was shown a lesson, doesn't mean that he learned it."
Le Vesconte was silent for a moment. He looked at the floor. Then he said: "Why did you
make James do it? Why didn't you kill him yourself?"
Damn that man for asking that question, Francis thought. A question he couldn't answer
without revealing the truth of his time travel.
"I would've done it. But I couldn't. I was... indisposed."
"Indisposed.", Le Vesconte repeated, and now there was definitely a sneer on his face.
"I pushed Sir John down the slope, and then I had a seizure. I couldn't move. I couldn't do
anything, and so James had to do it. You can't believe how sorry I am for that."
Francis could see that Le Vesconte sensed there was something he wasn't telling him, the
minute trust that had perhaps been built between them evaporating as quickly as it had come.
"Listen, I will not betray James when it could come to that. I love him. I'll sooner confess and
take all the guilt than see him hurt for this."
Le Vesconte looked at him, surprised. Francis bit his tongue and stared down. He decidedly
didn't like talking about his feelings with Henry Le Vesconte, but he had promised James to
make an effort.
"I will hold you to that.", Le Vesconte answered. "If you let me live, I will hold you to that."
"I don't have any interest in killing you, Lieutenant. I want to bring you home, same as
everyone on this expedition."

"Except Sir John."
Francis sighed. "I would have tried to save him too, if I could."
Le Vesconte frowned, seemingly about to say something, before thinking better of it.
"When do we leave?", he asked at last.
"Soon. I'll have James pack your things for you, and then we'll join the Netsilik."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter 42: James
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

James was the last to leave the empty Erebus, as it was suitable for the Captain. He had given
himself a few moments to say goodbye to her, and he knew that over on Terror Francis was
doing the same.
No one had asked to stay behind anymore after the truth about the tins had been revealed.
They would leave the ships to the ice and the elements, to be crushed or sunk, and James
wished it could've been different.
He also dreaded the court martial in England they would face for abandoning the ships, what
it might reveal of them. What Dundy might say about Francis, when asked.
James thought about everything the Erebus had been through, all these journeys into the ice,
Antarctica with Ross, only to be abandoned now.
Maybe it was only fitting that she perish in the ice, a symbol of their folly...
James had come to Francis last night. Perhaps he should've spent the evening suitably in
solitude with his ship, but James was worried, lonely and cold, and so he had made the trek
over to Terror. Alone, with a single lantern.
Once he had made it past Jopson, he found Francis bent over the log in the Great Cabin,
staring at the blank page.
"James!", he exclaimed. "I hadn't expected you tonight."
"Would you rather be alone?"
Francis shook his head. "Not at all. I just thought... that you wouldn't want to spend time with
me in this state."
It was true, Francis had taken to melancholic brooding again in the last days. He had talked to
Dundy, but that only seemed to make it worse, in a way.
Of course, there was so much to do that it hardly mattered, and most hadn't noticed, but
James had. And he worried.
He had visited Dundy too, of course, to make sure he was alright, but Dundy had no interest
in talking to him.
His silent judgement was one of the worst things James had ever faced, precisely because he
knew that it was entirely justified.

Dundy didn't know the story of his birth, but James would've preferred it over him knowing
he had killed Sir John any day.
Now, James sighed fondly. "Francis, I love you. Do you know what that means?"
Francis frowned at him, as if James had just given him a great puzzle to solve. James stepped
closer to him and put a hand on his shoulder.
"You're not alone anymore. Unless you want to be, but I don't think you do."
Francis looked down at the log. An enticing blush covered his cheeks. "No one ever liked
me... when I was this way. James- Ross, that is, he simply let me be, waiting until it was over.
And Sophia -I knew she didn't want a husband who was prone to melancholy. I simply told
her that if she was with me, I would never be melancholic again... But I was lying. It has
always been a part of me, since I was a boy."
It occurred to James that Francis had been lonely probably his whole life. He'd never had a
parent or a lover who was wholly there for him, who wanted his companionship above all
else.
James felt taken aback by the acuteness of his desire to be that for Francis, to show him what
it meant to be loved completely.
Had he not said, till death do us part?
"Francis, I can't speak for the rest of your life, but right now it's completely understandable
that you feel that way.", James said. "But I hope that you see that they're is a difference
between being alone and being lonely. And right now you don't have to be either."
Francis absorbed this silently, grabbing James's hand on his shoulder and squeezing it.
"Thank you.", he said in a choked voice.
"How about I keep you company while you do the log? I promise I won't distract you."
Francis nodded, and James stepped back and settled in the chair next to him.
"I want to put down everything. In case someone does find the ships, and gets to read these
words."
"I used to draw things into mine.", James admitted. "When I was Captain of the Clio. Little
anchors and such."
Francis looked up at him with a raised eyebrow. "You drew pictures in your logbook."
"Yes?"
Francis shook his head. "Of course you did. Why am I surprised..."
"What's that supposed to mean?"

Francis gave a sudden chuckle that seemed to surprise him. "You-" he said, pointing at James.
"-are a patently ridiculous man."
James crossed his arms in mock offense. "I don't see what your problem is. They were good
pictures. Very amusing."
"Because the primary purpose of a logbook is to be amusing."
"Oh, shut up."
Francis shook his head again and went back to his work. A slight smile stayed on his face.
After a while, James took a book that was still lying on the table and studied its spine.
"The Bounty? Really?"
"That was exactly my reaction when Thomas pulled it from somewhere to give me to read.",
Francis said.
"How come I never heard the story of Pitcairn from you?", James asked. "When I heard you
went there, I was sick with envy."
"You went to many interesting places as well, James. That you've repeatedly regaled us
with.", Francis replied, not looking up from his log. That smile was still there, though.
"Have you ever thought I only told these stories because I wanted to hear yours in return?"
"You should've chosen a better strategy, then."
James saw that Francis wasn't writing anymore, but contemplating the pages again. He
slowly rose from his chair and walked over to Francis once more, then leaned in and kissed
him on the cheek.
"Let's to bed.", he whispered in what he hoped was a seductive way.
Francis had a way of making him question everything. As Francis looked at him gravely,
James remembered the seriousness of the situation.
"I know that tomorrow we face the beginning of a long march that will be difficult to brave.",
James said. "This will be our last night together in God knows how long. I don't want to spent
it dreading what is to come or recounting our disagreements."
"James-"
James put his finger on Francis's lips to still him. "Let's pretend, just for one night, that we're
safe. That this is simply another evening in our lives, together. We're in London, perhaps.
Renting rooms together."
"You would... want that?", Francis asked. "Rent rooms with me? Live with me?"

James heart broke for him a little in that moment. "Of course. Don't think you're getting rid of
me that easily... After you made me your wife."
Francis took his hand and pressed a kiss to his knuckles. "I love you. My James."
James put his hand to Francis’s cheek and stroked with his thumb. He tried to push away all
worries, the thought of Dundy, everything.
In Francis's cabin, they faced each other, just looking for a moment. Then James began to
undo Francis's buttons and undress him.
"I would do this every night if we live together.", James said as he discarded the jacket and
got started on the guernsey. "Unwrap you, like a present."
Francis flushed again at James's hungry tone. "I'm not much to look at.", he murmured,
pulling the guernsey over his head.
James tsked and said: "I will not tolerate such nonsense from you, Francis. Surely you must
know by now that I find you beautiful. That you are beautiful."
Francis flushed even harder and looked at the floor.
"No?", James asked. "Well, permit me to demonstrate."
James made quick work of the rest of Francis's clothing, until he was standing there in just
his shirt and his smalls. To make Francis more comfortable, James undressed himself as well,
giving a pleased hum when Francis moved to help him.
When they were both equally naked, James moved in to kiss Francis, and could feel the
tension draining from him as he kissed back.
"I was certain that you would grow to hate me.", Francis murmured against his lips.
"I already hated you once.", James whispered back. "That is quite enough. Now let me show
you how I love you."
They kissed again, and James walked Francis back until the back of his legs hit the berth.
Francis sat down, pulling James with him, and James arranged himself on Francis's lap.
They kept kissing, lazy and unhurried, because there was time. At least for now, they would
pretend there was.
Francis ran his hands down James's back while James had his arms looped around Francis's
neck.
"I still want to draw you in detail.", James murmured as he pressed his lips to Francis’s neck.
"I want you to sit for me. Will you?"
"Anything you want.", Francis replied. "Though I don't understand why you would want to, I
really don't."

James drew back and regarded Francis critically. "Are you entirely ignorant of the effect you
have on me?"
Francis took him by the hips and pulled him down on his cock. "Not entirely, no.", he said.
"I'm just baffled by it."
"You shouldn't be.", James said, giving a little moan as they began to grind against each
other. "You-"
Francis kissed him at his collarbone, nosing downward until he reached James's chest. He
leaned in and put his mouth on James's peaked nipple, causing James to nearly convulse.
"You're a menace, Francis. Ah-", James exclaimed while Francis began to suck.
James closed his eyes and the movements of his hips got more urgent. Encouraged, Francis
rubbed the other nipple between his fingers. James gave a cut-off keen.
"Use your teeth a little...", James groaned. "Yes, like this..."
Francis gave himself over to the task with enthusiasm, enthusiasm James could feel against
his own.
"You talked about my mouth, but your own is also quite-"
Francis bit him, actually bit him, and James must've made a concerning noise, because
Francis backed away and asked if everything was alright.
"Francis, if you don't have me right now, nothing is going to be alright ever again."
"Always so dramatic.", Francis said, chuckling fondly. "How do you want it this time?"
James considered. "On your back. I want to see you."
Obediently, Francis arranged himself on his back, James looming over him.
"Now,", James said. "Let me worship this body."
Francis flushed when James told him he was beautiful, and flushed even harder when James
decided to get specific.
"You're solidly built, like a big tree. Every inch a man. And your freckles... they're like stars.
Let me map them, commit them to memory..."
James was now contemplating Francis hungrily. He started by running his hands over every
inch of Francis's torso, followed by his lips and tongue.
Francis soon squirmed under him, especially when James grabbed his chest and squeezed.
"James, you're being ridiculous-"
"I'm being thorough.", he corrected Francis. "I've never..." He stopped.

Francis raised an eyebrow. "Never teased an old man within an inch of his life?"
"Yes. What I mean is... I've never taken my time before. With others, it was always just about
quick physical gratification, nothing more."
Francis smiled, exposing the gap in his teeth. James smiled back.
"So I should count myself fortunate, should I?", Francis said.
"Very fortunate.", James answered, bending down to kiss Francis once more. "I'm going to
make you wait for hours.", he whispered. "Tie you to the bed and have my way with you until
you beg me to let you come."
Francis visibly swallowed. "I thought you would rather be tied to the bed yourself, James."
James shrugged. "I'm flexible. I like both."
James watched as Francis absorbed this. He could've studied the minutae of Francis's facial
expressions for hours, and indeed he had before.
For someone occasionally so withdrawn, Francis's face was remarkably expressive. He didn't
hide behind artifice and mimicry as James did, and James loved that about him.
They kissed again with a new hunger, and Francis's hand went to James's arse, squeezing it
appreciatively.
James broke away, grinning and mapping with his lips a path down Francis’s chest and belly.
He looked up and said: "And so far I haven't talked about this lovely thing."
He gave Francis's cock a firm stroke, and Francis groaned, before preemptively gasping:
"James, you needn't-"
"I absolutely do.", James said. "Because it seems to me that no one you had ever sang the
praises of this wonderful instrument, which, I'm sure you'll agree, is a terrible oversight."
Francis had flushed crimson. "James-"
"When I saw it for the first time, so big, so wide, I was quite stupefied. I imagined how it
would feel, taking it, how I would have to stretch myself to accommodate-"
"James..." Francis seemed quite torn between embarrassment and desire. He squirmed under
James stare, thrusting into his hand all the same.
"When you finally did fuck me it was almost too much, and the next day, I could feel you
there whenever I took a step, or sat down or pushed a finger in, hoping to catch that feeling
again..."
"You- pushed a finger in?", Francis gasped.

James's grin turned decidedly wicked. "Oh, yes, I did. Two, even. Three. They did nothing to
take the edge off, not when I was still reeling from the memory of your great, big-"
"James!"
James laughed. "What? Are you ashamed of your prick, sir? I can't see why you would be,
when it's putting every other man in the vicinity to shame-"
"First of all...", Francis began, pulling himself up on his elbows. "You're in possession of a
perfectly fine... instrument yourself. Second, if you are somehow implying you saw every
man in the vicinity naked, I'm very concerned indeed."
"I suppose you shall have to cure me of my wanton, whorish ways, then.", James breathed.
Francis raised an eyebrow, his gaze darkening. "Shall I?"
Before James could reply, Francis surged up and pulled him close as he gave him a biting
kiss.
"You shall, you shall, oh-", James moaned, stopping because Francis put his fingers to his
lips.
"Suck.", Francis ordered, and James obeyed instantly.
Their eyes stayed locked while James explored Francis's digits with his tongue. He was
shivering with anticipation, especially when Francis grabbed his chin and forced him
forward, so the cleft of his arse was directly hovering over Francis's cock.
"Wanton, whorish ways indeed.", Francis growled, causing James to moan around his fingers.
He was grinding down on Francis's cock, wondering what it would be like to take it
unprepared. It would hurt, and Francis would never, yet James couldn't help but find it
enticing.
Francis withdrew his fingers and reached down, circling James's rim, before he pushed
inside. James rocked down with a groan.
"I wonder...", Francis began. "Who else has done this to you? You'd let anyone handle you
like this, wouldn't you?"
James shook his head, even as his blood sang. "Only you, Francis, I swear-"
"Doubtful, with the way you carry on.", Francis said, pushing deeper. He leaned forward and
breathed on James's face: "I will not let you whore yourself out any longer. You're mine, and
only mine. Mine to keep, mine to use, mine to fuck..."
Had he been capable of coherent thought, James would've asked himself what was wrong
with him for liking this; as it was, he could only try to keep more quiet while he rode
Francis's finger.

"More, Francis, please...", he gasped.
"Greedy little slut.", Francis murmured, but obliged him, and James keened, closing his eyes.
"Look at me!", Francis ordered.
James's eyes snapped open, and he stared into the icy blue of Francis's, something passing
between them.
James tried not to think of what lay before them, to keep his word and have this just be a light
distraction from their troubles, but he found that he couldn't.
"Francis...", he whispered, and Francis stilled.
"No.", James said. "Don't stop."
"If you're sure.", Francis replied, the desperation in his gaze no doubt mirroring James's.
They kissed, and James felt tears well up behind his lids. He didn't want this to feel like he
was saying goodbye, but somehow it did.
True to his word, Francis didn't stop, but added another finger, his movements fast and rough.
James buried his head in his sturdy neck, unable to hold his gaze any longer.
This can't be the last time, James thought. I refuse to let this be the last time...
But he couldn't make the uncertainty, the brittleness of their fate go away by sheer power of
his will.
It might make him go on when he was tired, but it couldn't fix a body riddled with scurvy, or
make game appear that they could hunt.
James tried to focus on Francis in his arms, Francis's fingers inside him, but that didn't make
the desperation go away, quite the opposite.
"Fuck me, Francis, do it now...", James gasped. "I need it, please..."
"Christ.", Francis murmured, withdrawing his fingers. "Let me just-"
"Now, Francis!"
"A moment, James, we still need to-"
Francis was being sensible, but James was nearly feral with need. He wanted it all, the pain,
the fullness, Francis, and he was sure he would expire this instant if he didn't get it.
And so he spat on his hand, grabbed Francis's cock, and sat down on it before Francis could
protest.

It hurt, of course it did. Francis had grabbed his sides, as if to lift him off again, but now he
sat frozen, as James fluttered and squirmed around his cock.
"I want it.", James whispered. "Please, Francis, I want it."
Francis looked like he was going to protest for a moment, however, then he nodded.
"Deep breaths, James. Yes, like that. Like that-"
The pain became more bearable. James wanted more of it. He was strung taut, every one of
his muscles straining, Francis's grip on his sides anchoring him.
He began to move, up and down on Francis's cock, and Francis swore, but he kept still.
"Slowly, James, slowly...", Francis murmured.
James realised his cheeks were wet with tears, and still his eyes held those of Francis, who
looked like he was about to cry himself.
When he spoke, James didn't recognize his voice, a broken thing, urging Francis to move,
please, move.
Francis did, his fingers slipping into James's hair as he pulled him close. Their chests pressed
together, sweat had gathered there, despite the cold.
"Alive.", James breathed, writhing on Francis's lap. "Alive."
Francis thrust up into him and the grip on James's hair increased to the point of pain. Sweet
pain that made James realise why he craved it so, why nothing else would do.
"Alive.", James said again, and Francis kissed his cheeks, his neck, his chest.
"Yes, James, oh, James, my darling James..."
James never wanted this to end, and at the same time couldn't take another second.
"Francis, please, touch me, God, please...", he was babbling but didn't care.
Francis's hand that wasn't in his hair grabbed his cock in a sure grip of calloused fingers, and
James cried out, his legs shaking.
He was still uttering broken pleas when Francis started to stroke, his gaze caught in James's
again, naked and bare, like endless shale.
"James, I'm-", Francis groaned, then sobbed, and James felt his seed flood his aching hole.
James gave a great sigh, as Francis's eyelids fluttered, but didn't close and break their
connection.
Francis began to stroke James's cock again before James could beg him to do it, and James let
out a broken howl that would hopefully be taken for the wind by anyone who happened to

hear it.
Francis was speaking in soothing tones, "Almost there, James, almost there..." as James
labored towards his climax, trying to keep his eyes open like Francis had.
And then he was spilling over Francis's hand in great bursts, some more tears running down
his cheeks while he did.
Afterwards, he all but collapsed in Francis arms, and he only came back to himself when
Francis gently started to move.
"Hm... Francis?", James murmured.
"I'm just trying to get a better position... Christ, it's everywhere..."
That was referring to James's spend, James belatedly realised. Some of it was even clinging
to Francis's chin.
"Sorry...", James muttered, still not quite there.
Francis sighed fondly. "It's fine. At least I won't have to explain this to Jopson come
morning..."
Come morning.
James frowned at the intrusive thought, willing it away.
"Francis...", James began, then stopped.
Everything that needed saying had been said, he realised. They were only delaying the
inevitable.
Francis brushed a lock of hair behind his ear. "Let's clean you up.", he said, then bent down to
lick the stains off James's chest.
At James's scar, he stopped and pressed his lips to it. James closed his eyes. Healed, still.
Sometimes he wasn't sure.
After Francis was done with James, he wiped himself with the bedcovers, before pulling
James into his arms.
James made a disappointed sound when Francis slipped from him, even though his soreness
had him wince.
"Have I hurt you?", Francis asked, making a gesture that seemed to encompass the whole act
and not just the ache that settled between James's legs.
"You were perfect.", James assured him as he settled on Francis's chest.

All he wanted was to sleep, but he knew he couldn't stay the night. He needed to be back on
Erebus.
~~~~~~~~~~~
James took an inordinately long time to dress and say his goodbyes, and when he finally left
it was the middle of the night.
He wasn't the only one still up, could see the light in Jopson's berth, for example.
There was something unsettling in the atmosphere, disquiet, as if Terror knew she would be
abandoned come morning.
At the ladder up, James paused. It was really late, and perhaps Dundy was sleeping. But then,
perhaps not.
James had to admit he had been avoiding him as well, unable to face his judgment.
Judgement he deserved.
Sighing, James took his lantern and climbed down into the hold, where Little was watching
Dundy, asleep over a book.
Francis had permitted him to sleep, but didn't want him to move from the door.
He jerked awake at James's footsteps, immediately alert.
"Everything is fine, Lieutenant.", James said. "I just want to talk to him."
Little nodded. "He's asleep."
James almost turned around then, but he decided not to be a coward. "Let me in."
Dundy was indeed asleep, or so it looked liked, lying as he was curled up on a stack of crates.
He took longer to stir, finally blinking up at James blearily, then with a closed off expression.
James was reminded of the first weeks of their acquaintance, where Dundy had disliked him
so fervently. Charlewood had told him to leave it alone, but James had not wanted to.
"You want everybody to be your friend.", Charlewood had said, shaking his head.
"Not everyone.", James had replied. "I'm merely convinced that Le Vesconte believes things
about me that aren't true, and I intend to rectify that."
"What do you want, James?", Dundy asked, bringing him back to the present.
"To see how you are."
Dundy looked at him a moment. "I'm fine. How are you?"

"You mean, how am I after I murdered my Captain?", James said. "I don't think it would
admirable if I felt right as rain."
"And, do you?"
"Of course not!"
Dundy hummed. He looked tired, but maybe that was only because he had just woken up.
"Visited Crozier, have you?", he asked.
James didn't deign that with a response. He felt the soreness in his backside all the more
acutely, heat rising to his cheeks.
"He told me he talked to you."
"He did.", Dundy said. "And I think he's either dangerously calculated or a madman."
"What if he is neither?"
Dundy sighed. "He really did a number on you."
"Regardless of how you feel about him-", James began. "-we all need to stick together to
survive, come morning. Please promise me that you're with me-"
"With you, always."
"-even if it means doing as Francis says."
Dundy sighed again. "I don't trust him. I'll never trust him."
"You don't have to. You just have to trust me.", James insisted.
He sat down across from Dundy on a crate, taking his hand. Dundy looked surprised at the
touch.
"Trust me.", James repeated. "Please?"
Dundy stared at their hands. James found himself thinking of all they had been through
together, the thousands of times they had strengthened their bond. Was it strong enough to
withstand these circumstances now?
"I trust you.", Dundy said at last. "You're a fool for loving him, but I trust you. I promise."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
And so, the next day James said goodbye to Erebus, and climbed down the railing one last
time. He marched over to Terror, where everyone gathered.
Francis was waiting for him, sure as spring. They stood next to each other as Francis gave the
signal to start, and Little yelled "forward men!"

They started their laborious trek towards King William Land.
It had begun.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Chapter End Notes

Hi, I've decided to continue this work with a new story Like the sun that never sets :)

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

