Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] New Game, New Life. (Ranma 1/2, Multicross, Gamer SI)
 Thread starterAdudefromthesea  Start dateFeb 7, 2020  Tagsdelinquents magic martial arts multicross oh my ranma ½ slice of life taimanin asagi
Created
Feb 7, 2020
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
7,462
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
84
Read This First: For those who don't follow my snippets thread, this originated there. The first...
Threadmarks Index Moderation Extras
Statistics (35 threadmarks, 293k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 01
Words 6.5k
Feb 7, 2020
Chapter 02
Words 6.1k
Feb 7, 2020
Chapter 21, part 1
Words 6.1k
Jan 1, 2023
Chapter 21, part 2
Words 7.6k
May 31, 2023
New
Chapter 22
Words 8k
Nov 24, 2025
1
2
  Next
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 01
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#1
Read This First: For those who don't follow my snippets thread, this originated there. The first two chapter are there and will be identical to the ones here, because I'm a lazy fuck. Give me some time to polish and I will be dropping chapter 3 in a couple of hours, this one will be new.


Chapter 01






Once you find yourself trapped inside an out of control crazy train, all you can do is enjoy the ride. That was the sentiment that was carrying me throughout the day.

"Ahh, where is it? I swear I put it somewhere around…"

The small, porky vice-principal was rummaging through his messy officer desk in search of my application. He looked as unprepared to deal with me as I was to deal with my day… almost if my and my family's entire existence was suddenly inserted into this new reality, and now the innocent people just following their ordinary fates were getting confused as fuck every time I get too close.

Oh, and of course, just to crown things out, there were words floating above his balding head.

Ishiyama Daisuke
Furinkan High's overworked vice principal.
Level: 08

Gamer powers, because why not?

"Meehh, there it is, ah, Ōe-kun." He says, reading from some documents I'm sure didn't exist until today, "I'm so very sorry for the delay. You have come in an awfully busy time I'm afraid, haha." He tried to laugh it off.

By the state of his office, I reckon every day is an 'awfully busy day' for this guy…

I sighed, halting this thought process, no use taking it on a guy who was just trying to do his job.

"Yes, Ishiyama-vice principal, I understand and apologize for my family's unreasonable request," I say, letting the instinctual Japanese politeness that came packed in this new body slip through.

"No, no, it was no problem at all! In fact, everything seems to be in order." He places down the documents without more than a passing glance, but I was expecting something like this. It was for the same reason the vice principal himself was greeting me; the Ōes, this mysterious family I was now part of, were apparently filthy rich. "Now, now Ōe-kun, I'm happy to inform you your application has been accepted. Welcome to the Furinkan family!"

"Thank you very much, Ishiyama-vice principal."

He smiled at my politeness, probably thinking I would be no trouble at all. Boy, he could not be more wrong; I am a Gamer sponsored by a ROB and now a resident of Tokyo's Nerima ward of anime Japan in the early nineties. I dread to think about the amount of trouble I'll cause by merely existing.

Nevertheless, it doesn't hurt being polite. Vice-principal certainly seems to think so by the way he enthusiastically bounced up from his chair.

"Wonderful! Now, if you would follow me, I'll escort to your classroom."

And quietly explain my presence to the confused teacher, no doubt.

We were about a few steps into the corridor when he abruptly stops, the back of his neck suddenly dripping beads of sweat, body paralyzed mid-stride, and looking as tense as he could ever get. As if he has just remembered something horrible and has also just fucked something up.

And that was about the time the distant shouts started.

"TENDO AKANE! PLEASE GO OUT WITH ME!"

"LET'S US MAKE A STRIKE OF LOVE!"

"LET'S DANCE THE BOULEVARD OF PASSION!"

The shouts continued, but now they were accompanied by the sorrowful noise of flesh bruising, bone-breaking, and hearts shattering.

I lean into the window, watching the admittedly impressive sight of a short, blue-haired girl mowing down an entire crowd of fit guys like she was the star of a bad kung fu flick.

"… Ah." There is nothing to say. I was suspecting something like that would happen ever since I figure out where I was, but to see it first hand was… an experience. "She's good?" I commented, also catching the distant sight of the boy in a red chinese shirt gopnik squatting on the wall. Of course, he would be there too. "Does this happen often?"

"Ahhnn." He moaned nasally, Japanese bowing in my direction. "I'm so so very sorry."

Then Tatewaki Kuno appeared, the sky darkened, and the world became a little crazier.

I got a feeling I'll be saying that a lot.

-0-0-0-​

There was something to be said about this reincarnation. I mean, I'm a squishy human now, but with the Gamer that could easily change, yet there is no… overall threat I would need the gamer to deal with. This might feel presumptuous, but I think being the Gamer in a universe that was basically a slapstick comedy was kind of a waste.

The students of Class 1-F stared at us, probably marveling at the oddity of not one but two transfer students getting in their class at the same time… or marveling at Ranma Saotome's muscles. Say what you will about the boy, but he was built like a lean warmachine, and it showed.

I wanted to sigh. My poor inferior muscles, I was so happy you were at least there this morning. Outclassed by the protagonist.

"It seems we have two new students today." The forgettable teacher stated in case there's still any doubt. "Their names are Saotome Ranma-kun and Ōe Hiroshi-kun, and it seems that Ranma has just returned from a trip to China, so let's all be sure to give him a big 'Nihao' now." He laughed at his own joke without even changing the tone of his voice.

Every single person in this room, including Ranma and me, engaged in the obligatory reaction to any and all teachers joke: staring blankly ahead until he finished laughing and making us sad.

"Hehehehehe…Ahn, well, maybe be not…" You think? "Be that as it may, it doesn't excuse the fact that he and Akane were late, so go stand in the hall you two. Ah, Ōe-kun, you may sit at the free seat near the window."

It was easy to see who Akane was, even among Anime Japan's more diverse hair colors blue still stand out a lot, that and the fact that she was one of the most attractive girls in the class. I could her features trembling in anger, but it quickly disappeared as she reins her feelings back in. Ranma just shrugged; in fact, he even seems happy for not having to stay in a classroom.

I sat on my protagonist chair and let my thoughts wander off from the protagonists for a bit, mostly because I had… other things to worry about.

My eyes slid to the right.

Fujimori Yuka
Yakuza Princess
Level: 05

Himiko Kenji
Vegan Werewolf
Level: 09

Tomo Sakura
Budding witch
Level: 08

Gosunkugi Hikaru
Voodoo enthusiast
Level: 02

My eyes slid forward.

Katagiri Sayuri
Closet Masochist
Level: 05

Kuroba Daisuke
Aspiring Superhero
Level: 07

Koba Satoru
Evil Genius
Level: 07

Koike Miiko
Murderous Yandere
Level: 10

Finally, I sneak a look at the chubby boy sitting behind me.

Onigiri Kouki
Furry
Level: 01

Dear god…

There isn't anyone in this class that isn't a freak in some way!

New Quest: Memories of youth.
Your class is full of new and interesting people. Get involved in their lives and make precious memories along the way.
Reward:
100.000 exp.
Increase relationship with every member of class 1-F.
Failure:
Become a social outcast.
Deadline: Until next the school year.
Accept/Refuse.

So there you are quest system, where were you when I was doing the dishes or cleaning the apartment, you know, easy shit to start the game with! But noooo, fuck tutorial! Let's give this fucker a year-long quest that requires him to dive headfirst into Nerima madness, and let's tempt him with a shit load of exp to his level 01 ass while at it.

Whatever, the exp is not that tempting.

… I'm in control, damn it!

Quest accepted!

Don't judge me!

"Ranma Saotome!" A strong, prideful voice could be heard from the corridor, hell, it could be heard from the other side of the school even. It was easily able to overtake the droning lecture from the teacher. "I won't allow it!"

"This engagement of your to Tendo Akane. I, TATEWAKI KUNO, SHALL NEVER, EVER ALLOW IT!!!"

There was a moment of silence so the appropriate pin could drop. Then a stampede of hormonal, drama-deprived, Japanese teenagers trampled their way to the classroom's windows and practically tore it open to wail, curse and generally shout at the new couple and the crazy samurai outside.

"Ahh! C-Calm down, Calm down, we're still in class!" The teacher tried to plead to the crowd, but his monotonous voice was lost in the screaming commotion.

The only ones not by the windows were me, who was still sitting on my chair, and Gosunkugi Hikaru, who was twitching on the ground after being trampled half to death.

I sighed.

Gosunkugi twitched.

Well, at least Ramna is doing a good job keeping the budding Nerima bullshit from spilling out on me.

… And of course, that was the time my body decided to shiver as a sensation I'd never felt before drew my attention to a specific direction.

Skill created: Spiritual Senses, level 01.
A skill shared by people sensitive to exoteric energy, allows you to detect supernatural creatures and phenomenon in your vicinity.

The fuck?

New Quest: Like, onmyoji and shit…
A mischievous Yokai has entered the premises, do something about it!
Rewards:
500 exp.
Failure:
A wave of misfortune cast over Furinkan High's student population.
Possible injury or death.
Three girls traumatized for life.
Deadline: Until the end of the school day.
Accept/Refuse.

I slowly placed a hand over my face and groaned. Of course, even thinking like that would provoke the universe; this is goddamn Nerima after all.

Fine! Ok! I'm already ass deep in bullshit anyway, what a few more centimeters gonna do.

-0-0-0-​

It was easy to sneak away while the whole school was distracted with Ranma ½ shenanigans, it was even easier to find the equipment shed and help myself in. Soon I was exiting it with a nice aluminum baseball bat, and a bulky nailgun.

The rest was simply following this new… sense. It was like a little bird chirping in the back of your head, or an annoying bee buzzing in your ear, I couldn't shut it down, and it was distracting as fuck, but at least I had a general feel of where to go.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Yeah yeah.

My new skill led me to a fire staircase discretely positioned beside the building, away from the front entrance and a short distance from where Ranma and Kuno were going at it if the giant pillar of water was any indication. There was a bubble of distorted reality in the middle.

Seriously, it was like a giant, man-sized glass ball that was distorting the light around it, the images of a continuing stairway contracting and expanding inside its transparent form. I poked it with my baseball bat, causing ripples of distortion to softly traverse the surface.

Alright then, here it goes nothing.

You have entered an Illusion Barrier.

The first thing that was apparent was the sound, or rather, the lack of it. People really take for granted the small sounds that make up the background noise of their life. The chirps of birds, buzzing of insects, breathing of other people, even the distant urban noises of a moving city were all components of what people would consider an average hearing experience. Pieces so familiar that they fell out of conscious thought in favor of more immediate noise.

But take that away, and it's impossible not to notice. It was unnatural, unbalancing, and just plain creepy.

I stood on the next step of the stair I would have taken in the 'real' world. Existing on a Furinkan high school of another, empty, reality. With my new annoying senses bearing down on me from every direction.

I had to grab the rails of the stair for support, trying to steady my unbalanced legs, my eyes closed as I pushed the wrongness of the lack of noise to the side while I tried to make sense of the new storm that was my supernatural senses.

It's twigging like mad because I'm inside a supernatural phenomenon, but it can't help me like this.

I spend a few minutes just focusing on breathing, calming the body and mind just enough so I could function.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

That's better.

Pushing through the wave, I took my first steps and made my way through the empty school.

Not so empty school apparently, but not in any way that would lessen the creepy factor. There were… images? Impressions? Ghost of students walking through the corridors, talking animatedly in voices only they could hear, conglomerating on the windows to watch the fight, or make sense of the aftermath now.
It was on the first floor, the third years' floor for some reason, that I found the 'yokai'.

"Kiki! Ki ki KI!" The tiny creature cried enthusiastically as it knuckled it's way behind a female image and looked up her skirt.

Whatever I was expecting from the yokai, it wasn't this. Hell, it looked more like an ugly pokemon than it did a monster of Japanese legend, and it also wore a white buddhist monk uniform for some reason.

Infant Satori
Vagrant Yokai
Level 02

You got to be kidding me, right? The thing's the size of a rat. It's a hairy monkey the size of a rat! Fuck, I thought it would be a tiger monster or something.

The creature, a Satori apparently, followed behind the class as they got into their seats, for a moment I was creeped out by the vision of a ghostly classroom before focusing back on the little creature.

I followed behind the Satori as it flipped beneath the desks and made a few ghostly images flinch.

That makes me raise an eyebrow. It can interact with the ghost? I can't do that.

"Fuck." I cursed as I lost sight of the thing in one of its dashes, now I have to crouch and look beneath each desk.

I did that… and frankly, I don't understand what the monkey's excitement was all about, it just looked like a blue-ish outline between the girl's legs for me, like the kind you'd find in a naked Barbie doll or something. But then again, I don't understand the japaneses' obsession with panties in general. I was always much more interested in what they hid.

Thankfully, it didn't take long to find the…

The ghost of the girl was slowly curling over herself, her notebook raised to hide the expression she was making, and by the hand on her mouth, the sounds she was letting out. Her other hand was crunching her skirt, trying to set it down while the monkey creature lodged it's head deep between her legs.

Ok, that's just not right.

"Hey! Cut that out!" I said harshly, maneuvering my baseball bat through the girl's ghostly hips and peeled the thing out of her.

"KiKI! KikikiKIIII!!" It screeched loudly as it fell to the floor and started to throw a tantrum. I was about to kick it in annoyance when it suddenly snapped a murderous glare in my direction.

Hoh, it wants a go?

I tightened my grip and readied my bat, let's do this!

-0-0-0-​

"THIS IS NOT HOW IT SUPPOSE TO GO!"

"KIKIKIIIIIII!!!"

I ran/hopped away from the little devil. Reaching and throwing my body hard against a window, it promptly shattered all over me and left fun little wounds as I made a bad landing on the other side, I didn't care about that as I force myself to my feet and continued to run.

Humans can ignore an amazing amount of pain when they are trying to stay alive, but I've got to say the wound in my inner thigh, where a piece of me has been bitten off was really starting to bug me.

I have Gamer body, why the fuck I'm getting all bloody-UFF!

"KIKI!" Screeched the hairy cannonball as it threw us to the floor and sank its fangs in my shoulder

"AH!" I screamed as I practically hear the flesh tearing more than I felt, probably shock and adrenaline working its magic. I twisted, trying to pin the monster with my weight only to cry out as it crawled away, making me brush my new wound on the dirt.

I moved, thrashing about was the creature roamed all over me like a squirrel hooked on caffeine, biting and scratching and making me bleed.

Like with the baseball bat, it managed to slip around every single one of my strikes like it was reading my damn mind, my every attempt to get rid of it was met only with blood and pain.

Only my quick thinking kept me alive, and by that, I mean I blocked its access to my neck with my arm and hand, but it left practically everything else the open.

"GET OFF!"

"KIKIKIIII!"

I can't. I couldn't.

We rolled around like crazy, each moment the monkey causing more painful injuries sinking its fangs a bit deeper.

"NONONO!!"

It wasn't supposed to be this way. I was the goddamn gamer! I'm a Gamer in a possible self-insert story! I can't-

"KIKIIII!!"

I can die like this-ITS IN MY FACE GODDAMN IT'S IN MY FACE!!

I shook my head madly, the monkey screamed and thrashed with me. Overwhelming pain exploded from my left side; I could feel the blood dripping down madly over my cheek and ear, it's metallic scent mixing with the monkey's reek.

I screamed.

It was hurting me. It was killing me. It was freaking eating me!

"NO NO FUCK GET ME AWAY FROM IT HELP HELP GET ME AWAY!"

Skill created: Illusion barrier escape lvl 01.
Allow you to escape from Illusion Barriers that are empty or only have low-level monsters.

And suddenly, it was no more. I lay there, on Furikan high's grass field, catching my breaths and looking at the blue sky with a single eye, my ears blasting with the wonderful noise of the world in full movement.

It felt like an eternity before I moved again, slowly raising my arm towards my mangled face and over my eye.

… I didn't cry, I just… gather my bearing for a while…

Skill created: Meditation lvl 01.
Raises your mental focus and increase your Hp and Mp regeneration as long as you don't move.

-0-0-0-​

Turn out I did have the fucking Gamer Body. I mean, I knew that as I had read it before, but only now it decided to appear.

In all seriousness, it seems I have a more 'realistic' version of the Gamer body; my health is regulated by my HP, but my 'apparent damage' is also tied to it, meaning I would really experience every wound as it dipped my HP down, and feel every pain that it entails.

It was not all gloom and doom; it was still The Gamer Body, so it was still bullshit: All my fatigue utterly vanished after a short rest, and my HP regenerated from red to full health in about twenty minutes. And because my 'apparent damage' is tied to my HP, I was now good as new, complete with a brand new eye and everything.

So, slightly less bullshit than the usual Gamer, but still Bullshit.

I used my baseball bat to prop me up, how I managed to keep a hold of the thing only god knew. I had dropped the nailgun though, but it was bulky and heavy and practically useless when your target is a tiny monkey that could move like a pinball.

My uniform was bloody and in tatters, even if the body beneath was clean and pristine. I looked over the gaps in the fabric and the bloody scratch holes and trembled.

Something tried to eat me. There was a sort of primordial fear in that.

It's time to… retreat.

No way I'm fighting that thing again. No, I shouldn't have been fighting it in the first place. I mean, I just got into a fight with a genuine monster with a baseball bat and no training, just… what the fuck was I thinking!? The difference in levels alone should have been enough to tell me how much of a bad idea it was… Yeah, No, just no, I'll search for something to kill that is more around my level, get stronger first before throwing myself into crazy shit like that again.

With this resolve in mind, I start walking, no use going back to class with my uniform in this state, I'll just have to bear with the teachers' disappointment for now.

As I walked, I started to… recall the 'fight', I was doing good really, just with one or two fearful shudders, nothing to write home about, but yeah, not putting myself in a situation like that ever again.

But then I remember… the text about the consequences of failure… and what the monkey was doing with the girl.

I stopped — the wind rustling like a dramatic scene from an overacted Japanese soap opera.

Fuck… I… I don't really have a choice, do I?

"CHE! 'Go find water on your own!' Why!? All I did was give her some pointers! Tsk, that… uncute tomboy!"

And just like that, a raspy but not at all unpleasant to hear female voice echoed in the distance, getting closer.

I sighed, surrendering to this destiny with the corner of my mouth curling just a tiny bit. I should have known…

I looked up and saw the very attractive red-hair walking and grumbling on the path opposite to mine. Her red Chinese shirt was damp and molding over an impressive bust that looked even bigger due to her short stature. She had her pants draped over her shoulder for some reason, leaving her gleaming, sculptured legs free to all leering eyes. Bits of male underwear showed itself from under the hem of her shirt in each step.

Saotome Ranma
Cursed martial artist
Level: 25

She, He?... fuck it, she paused when our ways inevitably crossed, her eyebrows raising at the state of my uniform. "The hell happened to you?" Were her first words to me.

"I'm having a really, really shitty day." I explained slowly, and that earned me a sympathetic snort; "You're Saotome Ranma, right?"

"Yeah-I mean!" The martial artist suddenly twisted her body into an innocent stance, her big blue eyes blinking in adorable confusion. "Saotome Ranma? I don't know who that is, mister~."

I shook my head. "I'm familiar with magic, kinda. And I saw what happened after you fell in that pool earlier." Well, not personally, but I had seen this very event on my tv about seventeen years ago.

She held on to the façade for a few more seconds before she clicked her tongue annoyingly. "Agh! If I'd know I was already busted to the whole school I'd have kicked that damn samurai way harder."

"To be fair, I don't think people made the connection yet." I shifted my weight between my feet, resting my baseball bat on my shoulder. "Say… are you up to hunting a yokai that's haunting the school?"

Because if siccing the highest-level person in the region on the monkey's ass didn't work, I don't know what would.

"Eh? Yokai?" She blinked.

"You know, like the legends-"

"Yeah, yeah, I know what a Yokai is. Just never fought one before." Then she smiled and whoa, I could see why so many characters became smitten by this form. "Tell you what! You get me some warm water, and I'll help you out."

-0-0-0-​

"This is fun!" Saotome Ranma, now a handsome teenage boy wearing pants, punched the thick wall of concrete, drilling his entire arm into it. Then, with an additional effort, he purposefully yanked his arm to the side, increasing the gap of destruction even more before pulling out.

I couldn't do anything but gawk at the martial artist's propensity for destruction, in a way it was a fascinating thing to see; the way a solid, unmoving object just crumbled away under the power of pure human strength, and how deep and fast the cracks could spread out across a construction. In another, it was really worrying that Ranma's first instinct after realizing he was in a pocket dimension was to 'test it out' by trying to bring down the school.

"Hey, Hiroshi!" The Japanese part of my brain frowned by the free use of first names. The rest didn't give a fuck. "You're sure nothing that happens to this school is going to happen to the real one, right!?" He asked for the third time.

"Pretty sure, I broke a few chairs and windows last time I was here, nothing was translated to the orther side."

All and all, Ranma was taking this whole 'whisk away to a pocket dimension' remarkably well… maybe a little too much to be honest.

I sighed.

"Hey Ranma, I don't want like a stick in the mud here, but we really need to get going, the yokai monster still around!"

"Right! Sorry sorry." He twisted and delivered one last kick at some of the still-standing debris, completing the structural damage he has caused on the main school building. It looked like what would happen if a truck invaded the school and isekai'ed an entire classroom, or if a wrecking ball decided to visit, or both.

"So, how we're gonna do this." He says, loosening his shoulders.

I closed my eyes, focusing on activating my new senses to discern between-

OH SHIT!

"ABOVE!" I shouted suddenly, fear gripping my heart as I threw myself to the side and out of the trajectory of that damn Satori.

"KIKIKIIIIIII!!!"

Not gonna lie, that sound almost made me lose control of my bowels.

But suddenly, the monkey noise from hell ended in a gurgling gasp and a meaty smack. I snapped my head from my new position on the ground, watching the tiny yokai bounce on the concrete floor in the distance and crash against the school's front gate.

"Is that the thing that was giving you so much trouble?" Ranma had his right leg casually raised in a 180-degree angle. "Man, you're kind of a wimp, you know that?"

I don't want to hear this from you, mister level 25.

"K…i…Ki…KIKI!" The tiny monkey yokai jumped back to its feet with a cry, spat a glob of blood to the side, and entered in an honest-to-god kung fu stance. "Kiki." It declared with a deep resolute-sounding tone.

"Ooh, it still wants to fight," Ranma answered by entering a stance of his own.

For the second time today, I bore witness to a scene right out of a kung-fu movie, only this time it was closer, faster, and a whole lot more impressive.

Seriously, I had always thought that those Chinese wuxia flicks where the actors hang by a rope to 'fly' around and fight looked silly as hell. But Ranma and the monkey yokai taught me what true aerial combat looked like; I had no other word to describe it other than awesome.

"HYAHH!!"

"KIKIIII!!"

Still, even for me, it was clear who was winning; the Satori has received a direct hit from Ranma early and has apparently decided it wants nothing to do with that again; it was weaving and dodging his attacks while desperately trying to land one of its own. To its credit, it was doing an impressive job at that, especially against someone 20 levels above it. But it was clear it couldn't handle another hit.

"Stay still you freaking chimp!"

"KIKIIII!"

However, I could see how it was using Ranma's impatience against him.

The battle moved close to the school building, now the combatants weren't even touching the ground, preferring to meet in the air and somehow hop on the side of the building to keep altitude, concrete was cracking and glass was shattering everywhere.

I continued to watch all of that and progressively felt more and more useless.

I mean, is that what I wanted to do with myself? Watch by the sideline? It was a silly thought I know, and part of me wanted to blame on my new teenage brain but I knew better. I was doing the logical thing, hell the right thing even, but… Fuck, I didn't think my gamer adventure would start by me cheering on the sideline while the hero saved the day.

It… pissed me off a little.

So much so that I didn't even realize when my legs started to move and only came back to myself when I crossed the last steps of the school stairs, getting closer to the fight form inside the building.

What was I doing!? Fuck, I don't know, I don't know but…

"Ranma!" I stick my head out of the window and shouted. The really close, really dangerous fight continued, of course- no it changed slightly, I don't know how but I can kinda follow…

Skill created: Battle eye lvl:01.
Lets you seen the pattern of a fight and increase your field awareness.

I see it! Ranma was leading it here!

My bat rose horizontally, I kept it in a 90-degree angle, both of my hands tightened around the handle and my back muscles tensed in preparation. My eyes never left the fighters; their movements were a blur, but the direction they were moving…

Battle eye leveled up!

Five seconds!

Four.

Three.

My bat trembled by the tension.

Two.

ONE!

"ARGHHH!" I shouted as I swung the bat with all my strength. It's aluminum length flew past the window frame in the apex of its arch, perfectly meeting the back of the furry form that happened to be leaping back on that exact moment. The yokai let out a yelp of pain that was so damn satisfying to hear and was launched forwards like a furry ball, only to have its ugly mug squashed by Ranma's knee.

That brought it down.

I stood that breathing hard as Ranma finally stop edging gravity and let it do its work. Now alone in the corridor, I couldn't help but grin at the trembling waves that were assaulting my arms and the drops of blood that now painted my baseball bat.

Hot damn, that was a rush!

Remembering where I was, I wiped down some sweat over my brow and proceeded to rush back down the stairs.

Ranma was gopnik squatting in the middle of the courtyard when I emerged from the school building.

"Did you finish it?" I asked, rushing over… and finding the thing.

The Satori was… thrashing on the ground screeching and screaming madly, like it was having an epileptic attack. I could see droplets of blood spilling from the wound of its head, and for a moment I wondered if I knocked something important there.

"What's happening?" I asked out loud, Ranma shrugged on the side.

Then the noise it was making started to quiet down, and I don't mean it was stopping, I meant the volume of the screams was literally lowering. And then its body started fading away until it was gone.

It… left something behind.

"The hell?" Ranma comment as I walked closer to see what it was.

A sharp little fang with a cord tied to it, meant to be used as a necklace, and 2.500 yen.

Heh, my monsters leave loot.

"Is that cash!?" Exclaimed the martial artist, seeing the notes in my hand, "Do yokais leave cash!?"

"Don't know, this was the first yokai I've seen."

"Wait, seriously?"

I looked at the loot, easily reaching a decision.

I pocketed the amulet and handed Ranma the money. Wasn't really scraping for money right now and knowing the bullshit that Ranma goes through, or will go through, he needs it more than me.

"Here."

"Sweeeet."

He didn't even question… I guess his father raised him well?

"Thanks for the help," I say.

"Hum?" He looked up from money and blinked. It took a few seconds for him to process what I had said. "Oh! Sure man, you're welcome." He beamed. "It was fun!"

Chuckling at the guy's simple joy, I directed my attention to the pop-ups that were clogging my vision.

Quest completed: +500 exp.

Level up!

You damn right I did.

Unable to contain my curiosity, I pulled up another mental command and thanked the gods my version of the Gamer could be interacted mentally; otherwise, I would look like a crazy person.

Ōe Hiroshi
The Gamer
Level 02
Hp: 110/110.
Mp: 360/360
Str: 07
End: 09
Dex: 13
Agi: 09
Int: 05 (+30)
Wis: 05 (+30)
Cha: 19 (+20)
Points available: 10
Core Trait: Reincarnated soul.

Hum, ok, so leveling up worked on base 10. I get 10 new points to spend and 10 more points on HP and MP, that's… actually sounds pretty good escalation-wise. I could, for example, suddenly increase a particular stat 10 points if I'm in a pinch. But I'd prefer if I had a point of reference for the stats before I declare anything.

"Hey, Hiroshi."

"Hum?" I looked at the martial artist.

"Do you know how we get out of this place?" He grinned and waved the money he earned. "I'm up for some Takoyaki, what do you say?"

Was he inviting me? I smiled. "We still have classes, you know?"

"Ugh! Then let's stay here. Hey, wanna bet how quickly I can bring this building down?"

I chuckled, fumbling around with the feeling of my Illusion barrier escape skill.

Skill created: Illusion Barrier Erase.
Lets you erase Illusion Barriers that are empty or have monsters that have lower levels than you.

-0-0-0-​

Thankfully, the rest of my fragmented school day went pretty normally. I even managed to dick around with some game system like Inventory and Equipment, and managed to figure out that I could mentally use the two to change clothes in a flash. Now I was walking back across the darkening streets of Nerima on the way to my new apartment.

The apartment I'd woken up in and had the biggest freak out of my life. At the start of the day, I was dreading doing just about anything, but now I only wanted to go back there, marinate in the small tub for a while, and go to fucking sleep. Funny how things change in a single day.

It was nothing to write home about, definitely not a big ten plus stories building with large apartments or anything, just a well put together two stories building with exposed metal staircases, run by a kind, near deaf old woman who lived in the number one. Not at all where people would imagine the direct heir of a wealthy family would live.

Well, the Ōes, which I still know nothing about, apparently had a 'rite of passage' of sort: An Ōe child is to spend their high school years fending for themselves, with only tangential support from the family wealth and connections. It's supposed to be a rite of manhood or something I wasn't paying attention to the call I got from the head of the family lawyer team. I got to admit this is not a bad custom to have, putting a kid against the world young to make him grow up faster and tougher, but still, I would like some more parental involvement rather than a mother shopping in Paris and an eccentric father doing god know what in god knows where.

It works for me. In fact, it's ingenious; I get a place to stay, some support but not too much, parents too rich to bother with their child, and a family tradition that put some distance between me and the Japanese elites' social tango for a couple of years. Perfect place to be inserted into, eh ROB?

I sighed, climbing the metal stair to the second floor.

Gamer powers, Ranma 1/2, freaking Nerima, it still feels unreal, and not without reason. But what I've experienced today was terrible… and awesome.

I'm… kinda glad this is happening, I wanna see how far can I go with this, and this is a fun universe to live in, even if I don't remember much about the show.

But all that rumination wouldn't fill my stomach or take care of my tired bones, so warm bath and food here I goooo…

Of course Nerima wouldn't let my day end peacefully.

There was something- no, someone lying on the ground right in front of the door to my apartment. They were a tangle of limbs awkwardly sprawling out in uncomfortable directions hidden under layers of thick, puffy clothes that made them look like a homeless person. Their extremely long, straight black hair was tangled all over their prone body like a horror movie, and their face was lying in a puddle of vomit.

To complete the picture there was a discarded bottle of hard sake close by, because the universe thought I've never seen a drunk person before and wanted to make sure.

I sighed, getting close… and deciding that the figure was either a woman or a trap because her hips were comically stuck high in the air and the thick fabric of the long skirt was molding over an ass so magnificent I refuse to believe it was attached to a man.

Now, the gamer power gives me another form of identification…

…

…What?

Uehara Rin
The Sparkling Taimanin
Level: ??

Tai… Taimanin!?

What!?

New quest: Taking care of the depressed Taimanin.
A smoking hot woman is at your door, drunk, miserable, unconscious, and all-around vulnerable; you know what to do.... Be a captain save a hoe a gentleman and take care of her for the night.
Rewards:
200 exp.
Vastly increase closeness with Uehara Rin
????????????????
????????????????
Failure:
Uehara Rin becomes suicidal
??????????????
?????????????
Accept/Refuse.

WHAT!?




A/N: If you're wondering the Satori could keep up with Ranma who was 20 level about it, read the description on the link I put, it was literally reading his mind to know his next move, plus Ranma inexperience in fighting opponents of it's size contributed (Happosai isn't there yet). And the only reason the Satori didn't see Hiroshi's strike coming was because it was an infant so it could only read one mind at the time. Finally, hitting it an object in this case a bat does aggravating damage (Again read the breed lore in the link) so that and Ranma first blow was enough to defeat it.

Also here is Ranma because why not:

Spoiler: Ranma male

Spoiler: Ranma female
Last edited: Nov 9, 2021
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DeltaRyuujin, zomeagain and 1,203 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 02
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#2
Warning posted on the last thread: a warning to the Taimanin fans, I'm a fairly new to the series as a whole I'm not very knowledged about it, plus I have limited free time and a intolerance for Visual Novels so yeah, I'm not very in deep, I made an effort to get a grasp on the world from various information around the net but that's also lacking (The lack of an official wiki annoys me greatly) my point is, I'm familiar with the world, the main villains, and the main taimanins (Asagi, Sakura, Yukikaze and basically everyone listed in the all trope page) but I don't have much knowledge about the lesser known taimanin, which Uehara Rin certainly is, so I most surely fucked her character here, I'm sorry if she is actually a underground fan favorite with a really well defined personality but I made shit up here, I hope it's entertaining at least.

Also I still plan to use lesser known Taimanin in this story, cuz they look hot and have superpowers, but I'll be making shit up if I'm don't know her personality, If any taimanin lore guru want to help me up, can you PM with information about these characters? I know this is a pretty lazy thing to ask but my free time is limited and it takes a while for me to go deep into a new setting.



Chapter 02





Uehara Rin stirred with the first sunlight and the cries of the morning birds.

"You're awake," I said, sending a tentative side look to where she was. "Before you freak out. Yes, I took off your clothes, they were too dirty to stay on. And no, I didn't do anything to you." Other than wash the vomit from your skin, but I'm not sure it'd be a good idea to bring that up now.

She didn't move at first, just stared at the ceiling while it was slowly brightened by the sunlight that leaked from the half-drawn curtains.

I held my gaze for a few seconds, deciding that a 'suddenly finding herself naked' freak out that was expected from this universe wasn't going to happen, plus if she wanted to kill me there isn't much I could do to about it. So I look away from her and back to the pan, frying in the tiny stove.

"Your clothes are beside you if you hadn't seen them. They are a little damp. I hadn't had the time to dry them." Flipping the Omelet one last time, I transferred it to the plate on the side, adding the bacon soon after.

Finally movement. I heard the fabric of the blanket rustling over her form.

"I found you last night at my doorstep. This is the 15's. You missed your place by one." I've checked that with the landlady early, and yep, she was my next-door neighbor, because fate works like that apparently.

Placing the plates, glasses, and cutlery on the trays, I picked up the two in my hands and turned.

… Of course She wouldn't bother to cover herself, what was I thinking. The blanket had fallen to her lap, giving me a full view of her mammoth-sized breasts clad in an equally large lace bra and her creamy-white, slender back whose sides sloped into impressive childbearing hips, all hugged by a panty that was a bit too small to be considered decent. A vision that has tormented my thoughts throughout the entire night, and would undoubtedly send many teenage boys into a frenzy.

Me? I just pause for a second and continued on.

"Here," I said, setting the breakfast on her side, and sitting close by. Not much space in the apartment, just a bathroom, a kitchenette, and a living room with a tiny balcony attached to it. We would stay close no matter where I sat. "I only know how to do western style. Hope you don't mind."

Bacon, eggs, sausages, orange juice: a very standard hangover breakfast. And touching on the subject, I really got to learn Japanese cooking, the ingredients to make western are too expensive around here.

More controlled movements, the shape of her long legs curled under the blanket until she was kneeling. I tried hard not to look, but it was hard; this woman was hypnotically gorgeous. Even her hair was beautifully messed, a trait that few women could achieve, and especially impressive considering the length of it.

Her eyes didn't move around a lot, nor did they change from the serene look. They did focus on the food though, and with slow, endearingly unfamiliar movements she began to eat.

By that point, I remembered my own food and yanked my eyes off of the Yamato Nadeshiko in the room.

Goddamn, are all taimanins this beautiful? It makes things even more tragic knowing their usual fates…Yes, their fates which are tied to a hentai franchise set in a futuristic setting that shouldn't have anything to do with nineties Japan, or Ranma freaking ½ in the first place.

No. Let it go, I stayed up the whole night freaking out about the possibilities and implications of what this could mean, and it's not like me, a completely random stranger, could ask a freaking demon slayer ninja about things I shouldn't have knowledge about, I can't see how this would end well for me.

And frankly, I'm tired of freaking out.

We eat in silence, her movements with fork and knife becoming steadier by the second. I'd like to say she was copying me, but I wasn't sure she looked at me even once

She finished around the same time I did, then gently pushed the tray away and fully turned towards me. I gulped, she did all of that in her underwear and even now made no effort to cover herself, it was… stimulating, in a very awkward way.

Damn teenage body with no self-control!

"Uehara Rin." She introduced herself in a polite tone. Her voice fit the rest of her; a melodic, feminine cadence that blends nicely to the background, yet it was distinct enough to linger.

… I coughed, realizing I let the silence go on for a bit more than necessary. Goddamn distracting sexy ninjas.

"Ōe Hiroshi, it's a pleasure to met you."

"Ōe Hiroshi-sama." She leans in, her hands sliding forward until the tip of her fingers were touching the tatami floor, and her back was in a perfect 30-degree angle, a flawless respectful bow, only… she was in her underwear, meaning the pose showed me the mother of all cleavages. "Thank you for your kindness and hospitality. This one vows to one day returns it to you in kind."

"Ah, you're welcome?" I said, a little taken aback by the odd way she phrased that. Now if I could only stop ogling her so blatantly…

"Then," She straightens herself, "I must take my leave." She briefly bowed one last time, before rising to her feet. And boy, that was an experience; all the right things in her jiggled, even confined as they were. I watched her as she gathered her clothes and left. For not a single moment she lost control of her movements or her eyes stopped looking serene.

I sighed, letting my shoulders slump. That's it, I guess.

Quest completed:
+200 exp
Your closeness with Uehara Rin has vastly increased.
????????????
????????????
Yeah yeah, you say that but it certainly doesn't feel like it. I mean, it could have gone a lot worse, but I feel it could have gone a lot better also.

And was she really depressed? She didn't look depressed to me.

"Ah." I breathed, catching the number on the electronic clock. I've better get started if I wanted to get some things done before school.

…Wait a second… did she just go out in her underwear?

-0-0-0-​

There was a taimanin in Nerima.

I'm not arrogant enough to believe I know everything there is to know about Ranma 1/2 's universe from the show alone, but I'm fairly certain it didn't have the plot of Taimanin Asagi running alongside it, mainly due to the difference in time period, or differences in world-building.

Yet I can't deny the existence of Uehara Rin simply because I didn't want her to exist. I must accept the fact that this isn't the Ranma world I'm familiar with and react appropriately.

Nevertheless, my objective still the same, and it's the same objective of every other person with The Gamer out in the multiverse; get stronger to increase survivability. This is more vital than ever now, considering there are Taimanins running around, which meant there are rape demons and worse.

I shivered at this thought. Much much worse; got to watch out for news about Edwin Black.

Quest completed.
+10 exp

"Thank you young man. My back isn't what it used to be." Said the old lady I've just helped set up her shop.

Quest completed.
+20 exp

"Oh thank you, thank you so much!" Said the mother who I just helped reunite with her child.

Quest completed.
+10 exp
"Here you go boyo, for the trip. You really saved my hide there, hahaha!" Said the honest-to-god kettle seller, as I finished fixing his kettle cart. So many kettles… and I now have one…

I jogged across the narrow streets and low houses of Nerima, doing random quests that popped up along the way.

Today, I'm planning to continue testing out the gamer system; some vital things I'll have to try after school, because I wanted peace and concentration, but it doesn't mean that I couldn't test out some smaller things on the short time I have before school.

I continued to jog, feeling my heart racing on my chest, my breaths quickening due to the effort, my legs swing fast and rhythmically, the wind flapping against my tracksuit. I felt a grin marking my features. My body has never felt this light before, nor was I ever able to run this fast, for this long.

+ 1 End

I gasped and almost tripped over my feet, when I managed to get my equilibrium back I threw my arms up and cheered.

"HELL YEAH, IT WORKS!" I was so happy I couldn't keep it inside.

I was worried as fuck about this. The game system I'm stuck with is very schizophrenic; some things are easy as hell to achieve while others are hard as fuck. For example, it took me minutes to figure out my Illusion Barrier Erase skill, but even now I can't see to crack the classic 'Observe' skill and that's just watching things.

I was worried I didn't have the 'gain stats through effort' thingy, but thankfully I was wrong. This opens a lot of possibilities and pretty much lock my usage of free points for a while, I don't know if it becomes hard to gain extra points when my stats are high level but I don't want to try, better to get as much extra stats while they're still low and…

… I just realized this is the path of more effort because as it means I have to work for the stats rather than gain them through level-ups… ah well.

Suddenly, there was a loud snapping of something distinctly metallic. Followed by a sharp "Shit!" the universal reaction for something going terribly wrong.

I jerk my head to the side and saw an open garage a short distance away, a quick jog forward and I could make out a red sport car and legs kicking beneath it.

My eyes widened, oh shit.

New quest: Small action, big consequences.
A stranger just got into an unfortunate accident nearby, save her life or help her avoid any serious injuries.
Reward:
+100 exp.
??????????
??????????
Failure:
Possible end of the world.
??????????
??????????
Accept/Refuse

OH SHIT!

I ran into the garage.

"Are you ok!? What happened!?" I asked the flapping legs of the girl whose death or injury would trigger the end of the world, quickly assessing the situation while at it.

The fucking car jack had snapped, it was obvious to see that. But thankfully it had not snapped all the way, just enough to painfully press the vehicle on the girl's abdomen rather than crushing it. Fuck, can't pull her out like this, and the busted jack is starting to creak ominously.

"The drawer!" She called out breathlessly. "The big drawer next to the worktable, hurry! Arh!"

Following her instructions, I nearly yanked the drawer out of its hinges, but I found an extra car jack among the heavy tools. Picking it up, I slid close to the car and jammed the thing next to the busted one. It took a lot of grunting and my full weight to get the lever of the damned, outdated thing to move, but eventually, I managed to raise the car enough for the girl to roll out. She crashed on the shelves and fell from the board, curling over herself on the ground.

I pulled away the busted jack just in case and directed my attention to her.

"You're ok?"

"Y-Yeah." She spoke in a high-pitched cough, her breathing still affected by the near-death experience. "Give me a moment."

I stood close and let her gather her composure, meanwhile having a look at the girl that was apparently vital to the safety of the world. She was wearing a bulky overall that covers most of her body with a grimy white shirt under it, she has dirty blonde hair but in anime japan this isn't really unusual, and kept it in a low ponytail that reaches just below her shoulders. Her face was locked in a shaky expression of concentration as she tried to rein in the pain and her breathing, I could see she has rather striking features; though more 'handsome' than 'pretty'.

I… don't recognize her, but her floating tag was visible now.

Tenou Haruka
Closet Lesbian
Level: 10

… I'm reasonably sure I should recognize that name, and it is familiar. Like, it was sitting in the back of my mind but I can get it for the life of me… Urg, I don't remember her in the Nerima's wrecking crew. Is she from Taimanin?

"Ah." Her hand gripped the side of the garage's worktable and she starts pulling herself up. "Thank you, if you hadn't come. Urg!" She barely managed to stand before a wave of pain made her curl again.

"We need to get you to a hospital." I looked at the side door that led to the house. "Are you parents home? We have to warn-"

"No!" She cuts in. "No parents, no hospital." She leans into the table for support. "I just need to lay down for a bit."

"Girl… you just had a car fall on top of you." As if my words were a reminder she grunted and held her abdomen. "See, it agrees with me."

"…What? My injury? I don't-" She started but I cut her off by poking her sweaty forehead.

"Twas a joke don't worry about." I smiled a bit and crossed my arms to lay my ultimatum. "But as things stand, I ain't going to leave until your injury gets treated, and I don't know anything about medicine, so it's got to be someone else."

She frowned a little bit. "That's a bit unreasonable don't you think?"

"I can't help it, I've come to this world to meddle and help, this way I can get experience points and level up!"

Aha! I got a tiny smile.

"That's a bizarre logic." She decides.

"It's the truth, now how are we gonna do this?"

She rubbed the injured area of her abdomen and tried to briefly straighten her back, only to jerk back to curling again. Finally, she sighed.

"There is a clinic just down the street. We could go there."

"Great!" I step closer. "Here lean on me."

She passed her arm over my shoulders and I circled mine over her waist. It was quite awkward because she was on the taller end for a girl; we were nearly the same height.

She managed three steps with my help before yelping in pain and folding.

"Humm… It seems we have no choice."

She snapped a look at me.

"Not my parents-"

"I'll have to carry you."

She blinked, her lips chewing on my words before she raised an incredulous eyebrow.

"Don't actually do that."

"I'm gonna do it."

Saying that I carefully lowered myself and passed my arm over the back of her knees and gently pulled her up, slowly as to not aggravate her injury.

She was heavy, not enough for me to struggle to carry her around but I'm thankfully for this new, stronger body. This says something about my old one because strength is my weakest stat.

"See, better now, right?" I grinned.

"Mm." The noise she made with her throat was kinda agreeable. She didn't blush like a girl of her age would at being carried like that; she just cradled her abdomen and rolled her eyes.

Then she smiled; it made her look cool.

"You might be the oddest person I'd ever met…" A deliberate pause.

"Ōe Hiroshi, and you ain't seen nothing yet."

"Hooh. Tenou Haruka, I'm intrigued to see if you can back that up."

Quest Completed
+100 exp.
Your closeness with Tenou Haruka has increased
??????????
Oh yeah, there was a quest.

-0-0-0-​

Japan and the Japanese people will always hold the trophy of 'weirdest inventions integrated into society', no matter if it's normal Japan or an alternative anime version of it.

I held the bread to my face. Sniffed it. Tested its texture. Then took a bite.

… I don't know who had the bright idea to put yakisoba in a bread, but I shall find him… and I'll kiss him.

"Mmmmm!" My moan of overwhelming pleasure didn't go unnoticed by the class, a few chairs got pushed away from me, and a few judging stares were thrown in my direction.

I don't actually care all that much, but I actually made a pretty bad first impression to my peers. There are a pretty strict set of rules that regulates Japanese society, in fact, there are so many rules that each niche of a person's life has their own; like, to the point you have to use slightly different languages to address various people of various social hierarchies in various social situations. These rules are hammed into a Japanese child from the moment they are born until they become second nature to them and the child turns into a good little nail to serve the shogun/daimyo/emperor/politician and continue the way of glorious Nippon.

Yesterday I broke several of these rules by blatantly skipping most of my classes, on my first day no less, and having the audacity to turn up to the last period like nothing had happened.

That firmly set me as a 'problem child' in their eyes, and nobody wanted to be associated with the problem child.

"Hey, Hiroshi." Ramna dropped his desk and chair in front of mine and sat on it. "You got any more yokais to fight man. I'm bored."

Oh yeah, Ranma was right there with me yesterday, but he wasn't being ostracized for some reason. Hum, now that I think about it; a lot of kids in this school should be shunned by the Japanese spirit grinding system, but aren't. Kuno get a pass cuz he's rich and the principal's son, but the boys assaulting Akane everyday? Yeah, that's not proper Japanese nail behavior.

Maybe is because I'm not eccentric enough? Do all sufficiently weird people get a pass? That would explain a lot.

Ranma squinted his eyes as I kept slowly chewing on my delicious bread and staring blankly at him, once he realized I was fucking with him I swallowed and smiled.

"Sorry man, I'm not getting anything today."

"Really? Not a single hint?"

"It's not something I can do on demand."

Yet. If Illusion Barrier Escape and Illusion Barrier Erase are a thing, then Illusion Barrier Create is only a powerflex away. It's one of the things I'm planning to work on once I find a barren terrain for me to train.

"You can always fight Kuno if you have an itch," I suggested.

"I'm going to do that later," He takes a folded paper from his pocket. "Got a challenge letter and everything, only…" He leans in, putting a hand beside his mouth to whisper conspiratorially. "Is for my other form."

"Ah." What happens during these times again? My clearest memories of Ranma ½ are from when the whole cast is present. The beginnings are quite murky. But I know for sure Kuno has a crush on girl Ranma, maybe this is when it starts. "Why would he want to fight you like that?"

He grinned arrogantly. "Heh! Cuz I kicked his ass in that form before. He got a bruised ego and wants revenge, I know the type!"

Pretty sure you are the type.

"And how does that work exactly, your whole…" I gesture to his body with a half-eaten piece of bread.

"Che." He leans back with a little frown but answered anyway. "Cold water turns me into… you know. Warm water gets me back to normal. Ruined my life." He grumbled.

Yeah, I'm not going to argue with him on that, at least not now. He wouldn't respond well no matter the argument. Instead, I moved in another direction.

"Right, but do you know the details?" I tapped my chin. "Like how hot or cold the water has to be to change you. Or how much water can provoke a change, and how much of your body has to touch it. Like, can you change by submerging only the tip of your finger in water? Or what about sweat and saliva? Can they provoke a change?"

Ranma blinked rapidly, his shoulders tensing a little bit. "I dunno man. Why are you asking me this?"

I shrugged and waved my bread around. "Curiosity, knowledge, understanding. Understanding a problem is the first step towards solving it?" I finished by taking a bite.

"Oh, that's ok." He relaxed and opened a smile. "Sound's great even! I don't know any of that you asked but I can't try out a few things."

I nodded.

"And what 'bout you? Your thing's magic right? Like when you took us to that weird mirror world thing."

"Eh, kinda, I think it's a bit too soon to say that magic is my thing exactly. My situation is kinda…" Now how to explain it in a way he'd get it. I doubt Ranma would comprehend the full extent of the Gamer power, and I don't think is wise to spread around knowledge about my true ability. "Alright, to put it in simple terms; I've awakened to the mystic side of things only recently, and yeah I got some magical ability out of it, but no deep understanding on how it works, I was just another high school boy until a few days ago, so I'm still pretty green about all of this."

"Oh." His eyes flashed in disappointment for a moment but he carries on. "So that really was the first yokai you ever saw. Then, not bad at all, totally didn't look like your first time."

"Thank you." Though I can't say you are being genuine or patronizing me with that tone.

Ranma grinned. "But you can use some magic, right? You said so. What you can do?"

"Well…" I looked around, it didn't look like anybody was paying attention, except for Akane on the other side of the room who was occasionally sending us some curious stares.

Ah, fuck it.

I brought up my inventory screen, and thank the gods once again for the highly interactive system I had. Most Gamers could only summon their screens by voice command and they were only static holograms that had to be touched physically.

With me? I could do everything with a thought, without raising a single hand, and my screens moved pretty much everywhere I wanted as long it was around me.

I made the inventory screen fly horizontally until it was hovering over the desk; Ranma was, of course, none the wise, until I raised my hand that is. Then he closely followed my flashy movements

"Give me… bread!" I declared and poked the screen, ejecting the extra bread I had bought in case I didn't like the Yakisoba one. It landed on the desk with a thud.

"Bread!" Ranma exclaimed loudly, drawing some attention to us. "Awesome! It came out of nowhere!" He reaches out and picks it up. "Ohh, I can touch it and everything."

I laughed at his amusing reaction. "It's real… help yourself if you want."

"Reashy, sweeesh!" Ranma already had his mouth full of melon bread. "Thansh Hiroshi!"

I nodded and finished the rest of my own meal.

Then I took another one from the inventory immediately after it.

These funny tasting breads are the shit!

-0-0-0-​

The clerk stared me with an exhausted look in his eyes, he kept trailing from my smiling face to the pile I presented to him.

I didn't have to vocalize it, but I did it anyway. It'd be funnier.

"I would like to purchase these, please."

He aged ten years at that exact moment. Yes, that was the face of someone experienced with teenagers coming into his bookstore, buying a few Kung Fu manuals to aid their fate as the next coming of Bruce Lee, only to whine and threaten to sue when their dreams crash and burn before the horrible requirements of effort and dedication.

Still, he indulged me, and I exited the store a few yen poorer, but with a modest collection of how to hit people in hard and flashy ways.

This was a regular bookstore, not an ancient, magical one I have no doubt exists around here. The reason I went to the former was because I don't know where the later is yet. If it doesn't actually exist I would be very disappointed with Ranma ½ and anime japan in general.

The books I had purchased went along the lines of 'Martial art for dummies', 'Self defense for beginners', 'The principle of so on and so on style. I had about twenty of them.

Now, I know that you can't really learn martial art by reading about it in a book, but I had the Gamer so I imagine I have an edge on most people.

I drop the sack of books on a bench in an isolated part of the local park. Picking the book on the top of the pile and admittedly the one I wanted to know most about.

It was a smallish white book with big black letters saying Jeet Kune Do in the cover.

Now, if I am the Gamer it probably means…

I opened the book in the middle.

You have encountered a book! Do you wish to integrate the information?
Accept/Refuse.

The pop up came, and a shit-eating grin split my face. I never hit Accept so fast in my life, even physically raising my hand to do so.

A strangled breath broke its way through my throat as I flinched back and sagged downwards, my vision fading for a second while the weight of information assaulted my mind. It didn't hurt, not exactly, but suddenly knowing the position of every letter, the meaning of every paragraph, and the vision of every print and illustration inside the book made for quite the overwhelming experience.

I gasped, instinctually grasping the edge of the bench to keep myself from falling to the ground face first. I found myself on my knees, my head aching slightly from the new imprint.

Alllllright, that was not quite what I was imagining, gotta remember my version of the Gamer is more… painful than normal. Upsides and downsides I guess.

I pull myself on the bench and waited for my head to stop aching. Fifteen minutes later it was like it never hurt in the first place, and I realize something.

I know kung fu.

Well, what the book had to teach about kung fu at least. I, quite literally, have the book on my head, can recall everything and anything in it, and understand everything it wanted to convey.

I laughed in jubilant glee, now I know how freaking Bruce Lee fights, how many people can say that!?

And I wasn't finished.

Fishing another book, this time one titled in Chinese, with a Japanese translation saying 'Bājíquán' beneath.

I grinned and absorbed it, bracing for the pain and confusion.

It was only after I've eaten almost all of the books I realize something important.

I wasn't getting skills.

-0-0-0-​

My body moved slowly and deliberately, going through several of the now hundreds of stances archived in my head.

Have you ever watched a really good kung fu movie… Oh, who am I kidding, have you ever watched Ip Man, got so excited about the prospect of martial arts, and bought a book after so you could 'try it out' to see if it was your thing, and in that book, there were various illustration? Yes? Now answer me, what happens when you try it out?

That was my problem.

No one ever learned martial art from a book. The books can show you images, they can tell you how to do it, and how it works, but they can't tell you how to do it properly, they can't stop and tell you if you are right or wrong, if you have a bad habit that's getting in the way of a stance, or even how to move from one stance to another.

Book gives you the information, it does not teach you the skill.

And that frustrated the fuck out of me. Now I know about martial arts, but I don't know martial arts. Oh, I'm doing better than most, having the ability to perfectly recall pages of the book gets rid the necessity of stopping to look what the next move was, but still, I'm only mirroring, not doing it.

I sighed.

Ok, the ability to absorb the information of a book and perfectly recall them, that's good, overpowered even, and undoubtedly useful. But it can't give me skills on a subject if it isn't an academic one. I'm ok with that.

I kicked some dirt that was at my feet.

All right, next thing, one that I'm confident about because it came easily to me before.

I sat down, wiped my brow and set off to concentrate on the feelings of my skills, unintentionally setting off 'Meditation' while at it.

It helped. The noise of the world fades away into a dim muffle, there was only my thoughts, the beating of my heart, the little contract of muscles here and there. I was focused like few times before.

…It was a type of energy, I knew that, but it didn't feel like one. It felt like mundane reactions, albeit in unusual sharpness and malleability. The frustration I felt at the early stunt surged from my chest, increasing the beating of my heart. The underlying pain I tried to hide chilled its way through my veins to join it, the throbbing excitement climb up to enter the mix, and more, happiness, trepidation, anger, disgust, and many others, feeling both good and bad reflected outward, shaping an energy that was so utterly me it was blinding.

And it was that energy that moves when I activate some of my skills.

Now it's moving again to the rhythm of two of my skills, while adding experimental twists and turns as I try to shape it into something different but similar. In my experiment I did something, and then I realize that it was my intent and will joining the mix and sending everything into a wonderfully violent chemical reaction.

It exploded and I could feel my MP dropping.

Skill created lvl 01: Illusion Barrier Creation.

A pulse of the energy… Mana? Prana? Raw magic, I don't know, but a pulse was expelled from my body, rapidly shaping and connecting and… I lost track.

When I opened my eyes out of meditation. The world was silent and dark.

Night? It has been this long…

Regardless, I'm back at the silent, grayed world with the ghost of people, this time one of my own creation.

I've got what I came for.

Skill created lvl 01: Illusion Barrier creation.
Let's you create Illusion Barriers in the area around you, the deepness of barrier as well as the content inside changes according to the level.
Level 01: Empty.
I let out a breath. This changes everything.

This is the essential skill that would allow me to get stronger, the one skill every Gamer should have, the skill that gives you a mobile grinding zone and source of income. I cannot convey the sheer usefulness of this; hell, depending on the level I could have my very own hyperbolic time chamber.

This deserves a cheer of its own, the biggest of the day, for the sheer effect it would have in my future.

Yet…

*Yawn*

I don't feel like overreacting, in fact, I was fairly chill, and very relaxed.

So I just sat back in my own little world.

… and sunk back into the wonders of my Magic.

-0-0-0-​

I was still yawning as I made my way up the stairs to my apartment.

It was very late, an hour that no respectable Japanese youth would want to be found out. I had taken a nap in the park, then I woke up and took another nap; directly feeling magic is a very trippy experience.

This was a very productive day, It could have been more if I had ground my ID create skill or at least tried experimenting with my magic rather then just chilling inside it, but I was happy. There wasn't really anything urgent that required me to get stronger fast, it doesn't mean I plan to be slothful about it, but it means that times like this, where I just get distracted and chill out won't make me lose my sleep.

I stretched my arms once I managed to work my tired legs through the steps. Ready to get a good night's sleep.

There was a homeless person curled into a pathetic ball at my doorsteps.

Really? That's the second time… Goddamn Nerima.

I got closer to the tight ball of bulky coats and scarfs, and kick it lightly.

"Hey, you are in my way, get out please," I said as gently as I could manage through my irritation. Politeness, my Japanese self cried, politeness to the bitter end!

"Guuuuuuu." Was the draw out, feminine sounding noise that it produced in response- Wait a second.

The figure unfolded, head rising up to me wearing a puffy hat that would fit on Oliver the hungry orphan and a pair of large circular glasses with the lenses so opaque they were practically white, there were also images of a silly spiral on them for some ungodly reason.

However, the little skin I managed to make out from that horror of fabric was smooth and unblemished, and the traces of the face told something remarkably feminine.

…There was also snot dripping from that feminine nose.

"Ō-Ō-Ō-Ōe Hiroshi-sama! Ah!" The figure threw herself at my feet, doing its best imitation of a frog. "T-This one is so, so sorry for bothering you so soon."

...It can't be, no, no way there are things in this world that just aren't possible… Oh, who am I kidding?

"Uehara…san?" I tried.

"H-Hai!" The woman who looked nothing like the one I've met this morning reflexively jerked up at the sound of her own name. "Ō-Ōe-sama remembers! Ah, this one is so happy~ guh!"

She freezes… and then promptly falls rigid to the side.

A motorboat roared inside the corridor at that very same moment.

"G-guuuu, so hungry~" Uehara Rin, the Sparking Taimanin, the woman whose level was so high I can't even see it, moans pitifully against the floor with tears and snot tracing down her face to form a puddle.

My hand… attempted to fuse with my face.

She's a resident of Nerima. How could I've forget that?



A/N: Here is the ninja girl, she got beam swords yo.

Spoiler: Uehara Rin

Spoiler: Uehara Rin 2
Last edited: May 23, 2026
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DeltaRyuujin, HiddenBlade94 and 1,188 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 03
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#4
Chapter 03





"Ōe-san? Is that you?"

"Hum?" I looked down from my place on top of one of the Nerima Park's tree to see Tenou Haruka, the girl whose death could mean the end of the world, looking up at me.

I'd send her a bright smile, but I frankly don't think she could see it from this distance. "Hello there, Tenou-san. Nice morning we're having."

"I suppose so." She says slowly. "Ōe-san, what are you doing up there?"

"Isn't that obvious?" I spoke while turning my attention back to the frightened kitten on the branch. There more I reached out, the more it yowled cutely and drew back. "I'm trying to get this little guy out of there."

"… Y-You're actually saving cats from trees." The girl started to circle around the base to better see the little critter; he was very well hidden among the foliage. "I thought that was only a metaphor!"

"Me too, until I heard him mewling for help." I stick the tip of my tongue out in the effort. Come here you little bundle of Exp. "He's not in a very cooperative mood, though." Christ, even when we're trying to save their lives, cats are assholes.

"Ah." Tenou-san made a sound of patient comprehension that you use when you see someone getting slightly unhinged. I actually resent that, Tenou-san. "But don't you think it might be better to call the authorities and let them handle this, Ōe-san?"

"Nonsense, I have everything under control!"

And I have no idea what Japan's emergency lines are, nor do I know where the nearest police station is. But fuck it; I'm pretty sure I can survive a fall from this height if it comes to that.

And because of cat's general assholeness, it did come to that. The little kitten decided it has enough of me risking my safety for it, and completely bypassed my hand to leap at my face claws first. Sending both of us towards the ground with a yelp and a victorious yowl.

I landed on my back in a crash so clear it would have sent me to the hospital one life ago; currently, it just gave me a whole lot of pain and decreased my HP a little bit. The cat landed safely on my chest, the little fucker.

"Ōe-san, are you ok!?" Tenou asked in a worried tone as she materialized into my vision.

Hehe, this is kind of an inversion of our first meeting.

"Fine!" I answered in a grunt, pushing through the pain to sit up, and gripping the struggling kitten in my hand to stop its efforts to eat my face.

"And that's why we leave that to the professionals." The tall girl complained as I rose to my feet. "I didn't think what you said yesterday was serious."

"Now I'm hurt, why would I lie to you?"

My eyes skimmed over the pop-up.

Quest completed.
+10 exp.
Yeah, I have yet to lie to her.

"Still, its good to see you again, Ōe-san. Do you live around here?" Tenou-san gave me a cool-looking smile.

"In the area, yeah. Right now, this is where I jog." In fact, I was wearing my Russian gangster's tracksuit like a proper Japanese jogger, and Tenou-san was...

"What." She asked, noticing my look.

…Eh, she seems like a girl who could handle honestly. "No offense, but the uniform doesn't fit you at all."

There was nothing wrong with the uniform per se, it was an average looking serafuku of tan and white colors, with a long skirt that reached well below her knees, and a neat bow on her chest area; a very conservative, very traditional outfit. I'm sure it would have looked good in any other girl, but on Tenou-san… something about her build… or the way she moves just clashes with the uniform's image.

Rather than being taken aback, she smiled. "Really? You think so?" She looked down herself and then shrugged. "I guess it can't be helped then."

Ah, that tone was too bright, maybe she agrees with me.

"Ouch." A slight scratch made me turn my attention to the kitten, which by now had declared a bloody vow of revenge to my entire family line.

"Do you know where I can take this little guy? Can't really afford pets right now."

Tenou-san blinked for a second but nodded. "There is a family-owned shelter just around the corner. Didn't you know it? It's pretty famous."

"I moved to the city just recently," I explained.

"Oh." Tenou-san casually moved her bag over her shoulder. It was amazing how easy the word 'cool' could be applied to her. "I could show you around if you want. After you're finished with the cat, that's it."

I considered that for a moment. It was still early enough, pretty of time to change and get to school.

"Eh, what's the harm?"

I wonder what Tenou-san is doing in her uniform so early, though.

-0-0-0-​

Nerima, or at least the area that I lived, was like a quaint little village in the middle of a Tokyo ward.

Of course, you could argue that's true for the Tokyo wards themselves, but in Nerima, this was even more pervasive. The ward was on the very edge of the mega-city, a fact that had stunted it's growth metropolitan-wise, but had allowed it to retain many values of Japan's rural life; including a close-bonded community of families and business that knew, protected, and gossiped about each other.

It didn't change the fact this was a Tokyo ward, which by its very nature is much bigger than a rural village, thus making it more difficult to uphold these values. The solution then was breaking Nerima further, into a jigsaw puzzle of neighborhoods and districts that essentially acted like tiny little villages in of itself, save for the rural part, presumably because they hadn't figured out how to grow rice in asphalt. Each of these 'villages' has their own communities with their own unofficial representative acting as 'counsel' for the municipal body of the ward, oh, and the mayor was also there.

Putting politics aside, it basically means that my neighborhood, the Kotakechō district apparently, had everything one could possibly need bundled together on several streets of charming little family shops and other business. Tenou-san seemed to know everyone by name, and while I was with her, they threw me some sharp, judging stares like I was an alien trying to integrate. It was amazing how they could still seem so polite while doing so.

We were wandering through a winding path on a lazy route to Tenou-san's school, just throwing casual conversation and killing time until I had to hurry back to my apartment to change and go to my own school.

"That's the silliest name I've ever heard," I told her with utmost sincerity. My flat delivery made her snort a burst of laughter that wasn't entirely feminine.

"Yes! Yes, it is! Finally!" She continued to laugh while holding her mouth; looks like I'm the first person who got it.

"I mean, St. Hebereke's school for girls? What even is that? There ain't no St Hebereke in the catholic…" Then, the Japanese part of my brain caught up. "Wait a minute. Is that a pun about drunk people!?"

"Yes!" She snorts louder; this time it was unabashedly pig-like no matter how much she tries to hide it. "And nobody realized it!"

Now it's was my turn to snigger, the thought of a, in Tenou-san's words, nationally renowned high school with a name that essentially meant Saint Drunkard was kinda funny.

If this were my old world, I'd call bullshit, there was no way they would let something like that pass, but here in anime land, everything was possible.

Still. "Nationally famous school for girl's eh, Tenou-san, someone is living the high life."

"It's just a school, not really a big deal." She blinked. "Ah, but I think you've misunderstood me…"

It might be somewhat cliché to say that Tenou-san trails off as soon as she took the next turn, but sometimes reality is stranger than fiction. So, steadying myself, I walked behind her to see what caused this abrupt pause.

"Oh, dear." I breathed out. "Tenou-san, is it normal for a trio of delinquents to be loitering around the way of your school, clearly waiting for someone to pass?"

"N-No." Her voice faltered into a high pitch for just a second before sharpening back into a cutting edge. "No, it most certainly is not."

The trio in question were some of the more generic-looking delinquents that I'd ever seen. Baggy school uniforms, Mohawks or shaved heads, piercing and chains, all very typical for the image they were trying to convey. The trio was improperly squatting in a circle, which made me narrow my eyes at their western spyness, in the middle of their loose circle was a pile of dirty cards, inappropriate magazines, and smoking cigarette butts. One of them noticed us, and the others were quick to follow, their gazes immediately fell on Tenou-san.

The biggest of them frowned, his beady eyes squinting dangerously. He rose to his full height, throwing a half-smoked cigarette to the side and curled his scarred lips into an ugly scrawl.

"Oi, bitch, you're from St. Hebeberetes' rhythmic gymnastics club?"

While he was speaking, I scanned their tags for their names and titles. Level 6 to 8, title… hold on Middle school delinquents? These guys look like they could be thirty!

Tenou-san met his glare with one of her own. "No. I'm not."

A few seconds of silence passed, and I turned my head towards her.

"Wait, you're not?"

"That's what I've been telling you. I'm a student of their sister school, sister school." Tenou-san enunciated as if to make sure I got it this time. "St. Bacchus Middle School for girls. I'll go to Hebereke next year."

I snorted loudly, another drunken pun, and what the hell was a catholic school doing with the name of a greek myth- "Hold on, middle school for girls?"

The blonde girl nodded, leaving her head a bit tilted. "Why yes, I'm a middle school student, after all."

"But you're so..." Well-horned instincts of a man who learned ways to get women into his bed despite being fat and relatively unattractive took over and screamed for me to not say 'tall' "Mature! I honestly thought we were the same age."

Tenou-san perked up, a smile on her lips. "Thank you; I get that a lot actually but it's usually-"

"KORA!!" The delinquent shouted, stomping his feet on the ground between us. "Don't ignore me, you cunts. I'm talking to you!"

And he got in Tenou-san's face. By that, I meant that weird Japanese bully thing of making an over-the-top grimace and loom over the one you're trying to intimidate.

"You think I'm dumb, bitch!? I know that uniform, you dare to lie on the great Touji-sama's face." He growled. His buddies rising to their feet behind him.

New Quest: White knighting before it was cool.
Defend M'lady against the vile delinquent threat; maybe she would kiss your boo hoos afterward, but I wouldn't count on it.
Reward:
+ 100 exp.
Accept/Refuse.

Urgh, did you really have to word it like that, gamer powers? I almost refused out of principle.

"Now then," I interjected, suddenly sliding to the middle of the pair, pushing Tenou-san behind me and taking her place under the taller, but ironically younger, boy's shadow. "I'm sure there is no need for violence. This is just a big misunderstand you see—"

The guy roughly grabbed the collar of my tracksuit. Leaning back to prepare an over-the-top head-butt. I sighed when I saw the obvious movement.

"It's none of your business!!!!" He shouted while springing his head towards mine, to which I simply tilted my forehead in a way there would do more damage to him than me.

Which was precisely what happened. Or contact resulted with the guy stumbling back with a loud yelp of pain while holding his forehead, and me letting out a grunt. Tenou-san stiffened behind me.

I brought my arms up, ignoring the thin line of warm blood dripping from my forehead. To business then.

I actually knew how to brawl; the Brazilian education system of the early 2000s had this as an unofficial and mandatory course, and this certainly wasn't the first time I've been cornered by high schoo- sorry middle school thugs, so I knew what to do next, mostly.

And with the bucket loads of information about martial arts I had absorbed, it was downright simple.

Before the leader could recover, I stomped my way inside his guard and used some basic principle of Bājíquán to bury an elbow carrying most of the weight of my body on his solar plexus, instantly bring him down.

The shock of seeing their leader dispatched so easily stunned the other two, something I used to rush in and swipe the legs of the one in the right from under him and kick his face when he was down.

"W-What?" The last one babbled, still recovering. Usually this would go in two ways: he would realize he was now alone and without back up against a guy who brought down two of his friends and decide to run. Or he would see he was the last one standing and feel like a cornered animal.

And seeing the way he balled his fist, screamed, and rushed at me rather than away from me, I'd say it's the second.

Before he could fully enter my range, I decided to test out something and summoned my inventory screen in his direction, when he got sufficiently close I fling my arm forward and activated the eject function of the screen. The delinquent saw the punch and was prepared to dodge it. However, he wasn't ready for the sudden appearance of an aluminum baseball bat that flew faster than the punch and promptly got his face flattened in the thrust.

Neat, I can use my inventory offensively. I considered that while swirling the bat around before putting it to rest on my shoulder.

I looked around the prone bodies. This was almost anti-climatic really, they were level 6 to 8 and I was barely a 3, but I still managed to wipe the floor with then. Granted, I had more experience than them in brawling and some martial art foundations to help put it to better use, but I was still expecting a bit more struggle; you know, cuz level difference and all of that.

But then again, that little monkey yokai was level 2 and managed to keep up with Ranma of all people. Maybe levels aren't everything.

"Y-You fucker!" The leader wheezed out, painfully rising to his feet. Looks like he wasn't fully out like I'd hoped. The other guy whom I didn't use the bat on also stirred. Clearly, this wasn't the end.

Still, I've capitalized on the initial opportunity, now they are injured and I had a weapon. I still held the advantage.

The leader stuck his hand in his pocket. I was expecting a knife or brass knuckles, but instead, before he could do anything, a pair of long, slender arm grabbed his abdomen from behind and gripped him so tightly I could hear him huffing.

"Hahhhhh!" Tenou-san shouted in effort as she lifted the larger teen over her head and brought him to the ground with an arch of her back.

His legs slumped over him as he folded in an awkward upside-down position; meanwhile, I was blinking profusely because holy shit Tenou just suplexed a guy!

"Ōe-san!" She came to me, her breaths slightly winded. "Are you ok?"

"That's my line," I told her, and then I smiled. "That was impressive… You know how to fight?"

"Ah, no, I'd never…" She lowered her gaze to the side, hand rubbing the back of her neck while the bridge of her nose lit up with a flush. "I've seen some movies…"

I couldn't help it; I snorted at the crazy girl's willingness to use moves she saw on television. And to pull it off too.

Well, the situation was under control now. The delinquent leader was down, one of his lackeys was unconscious, and the other was 'suspiciously' unconscious. So we gathered our things and prepared to move on.

That's when we heard a sniff.

And the nasal whine that followed.

"…Oh, Hitomi-chan, your big brother is a failure, *Sniff* forgiven me!"

It came from the delinquent leader.

…I sighed.

They got a sad backstory, don't they?"

-0-0-0-​

Hanna Millers is a comfy café located in a busy corner of one of Nerima's commercial streets, but not the main one. Tenou-san had declared it her favorite within the region, and the reason for that became very obvious very quickly.

"Here are your orders!" Said the waitress leaning in to distribute the smacks and drinks among the table, her splendid breasts swaying pendulously inside the white blouse that seems specially designed to allow them to do so.

"Please enjoy!" She spoke one last time to our petrified expressions and gave us a bow. There is no way she wasn't aware of how frisky her uniform was, and the way she suspiciously pushed her arms together so her breasts just so happen to mash together confirmed my suspicions. When she left, the eyes of more than our table was locked on the way her borderline illegal short skirt bounced against her sizable rump.

A-As expected of the closet lesbian.

"S-So!" The girl herself coughed, bringing the attention back to the matters at hand. "Your sister got attacked, is that what you're saying?"

Touji, the delinquent leader, clenched his fist. "Yes! Hitomi… Hitomi's in the hospital right now because of what those cunts did to her. I can't…" The big guys sniffed, then brought his arm to his face in an over-the-top crying. "As her brother, I can't let this go!"

"Touji -san!" His buddy Hito cried out in sympathy.

"That's right! That right!" His other buddy Sora agreed incessantly.

It was clear they were here for moral support.

Tenou-san coughed again, trying to put things back on track. "Can't you go back a little, give us some more details about what exactly happened?"

He snorted his tears back and started. "You see my sis was in the Rhythmic Gymnastics club— "

*Thud* was the sound of Tenou-san's head painfully coming in contact with the table.

We all cast an incredulous glaze at her prone for a second.

"Err, Tenou-san, are you alright—"

"Let me guess," Tenou-san said after suddenly rising back to her seat. She looked as cool and collected as before like she didn't have a ridiculous bruise on her forehead. "Your sister went to the Akiaki High School, which had a Rhythmic Gymnastics competition against St. Hebereke High a few weeks ago, but the team never showed up."

That inflamed the delinquent again. "Yes! But there is a reason for that—"

"They were attacked." Tenou-san finished for him.

The delinquent choked on what he wanted to say, and drop back on his seat. Nodding.

"You know about this?" I asked.

Tenou-san pinched the bridge of her nose and groaned. "St. Bacchus is the sister school of St. Hebereke, there is no secret of what is going on there." She turned to the guy. "The girl you're looking for is called Kuno Kodachi."

I choked at the name. And curiously, the three delinquents shivered.

"EH!? K-Kuno!?"

"Wait, Kuno!? That Kuno!? Is she related to…"

"Furinkan's proud lion…"

"One of Aniki's most powerful rivals…"

I… I don't know what surprises me the most; the fact that somehow Tenou Haruka is somewhat related to Ranma ½'s canon plot, or the fact that freaking Kuno had an honest to god fearful reputation among the delinquents.

Tenou-san seems to catch on what they were muttering.

"Do you understand? Not only her older brother is a beast, but she is from one of the oldest, wealthiest, and most influential clans in Nerima." She raises a finger to reprimand them. "Imagine what would have if you had attacked her instead of me."

They did so and shivered even more.

But the leader smacked his fists against the table, earning some confused looks from the other patrons.

"Even then!" He shouted, but his voice started to falter. "Even then…" Once more, he drops on his seat. "So you're saying my sister's assaulter will go unpunished? Is that it?"

Damn, when he says it all dejectedly like that makes it hard to now feel for the guy, even Tenou-san looked her gaze a bit.

'It can't be help it', was what the Japanese's spirit of these youth said, even the delinquents, which were supposed to be breaking from this spirit knew that. No… implying that this was exclusively for Japan would be incorrect. On anywhere in the world, if you had enough money and connections, you can do pretty much anything.

But.

"Well, there are some ways to go against her," I commented.

I was sure of that, Ranma managed to defeat her in a contest, or something. It didn't slow her down, but at least she was defeated, and there were no nasty consequences after the fact.

Yeah, this was anime japan, real-life logic only works until a certain point here, so if we do this quietly enough or weirdly enough…

Now, how should we go about this, maybe if— wait, what the hell am I thinking I can't possibly…

They were looking at me; on their eyes there was- Oi Oi, I was just throwing a suggestion there!

"You mean it, nii-san?" Touji asked, hope dripping on his tongue.

No, no way, it was just a slip of the tongue there is no way-

New Quest: The Black Rose's downfall
The crazy bitch of the Kuno's has been running rampantly for far too long! End her reign of terror over the Rhythmic Gymnastics' world by any means necessary!
Reward:
+1.000 exp Vastly increases closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans.
??????
??????
Accept/Refuse.

Why does every bloody quest have question marks now, and why the hell does this give so much exp!?

Goddamn it. I'm not Ranma! This is canon Ranma ½ bullshit. I should leave it alone and…

… Fuck! Fucking hell, the guy's sister is in the hospital, I know the perpetrator, and I have the fucking gamer so I can do at least something about it. And these fuckers are looking at me like lost little ugly puppies and don't even think I didn't catch you shining looks too Tenou-san!

"Y-Yeah."

Touji jumps from his seat, his lackeys following suit.

"OHHH! Nii-san, you're a good guy after all!"

"Nii-san!"

"Nii-san!"

"Alright stop" I raise my hand to stop them. "I didn't say I had a plan or anything. I was just saying that there are other ways to get back at her than just attacking her like that." And I doubt it would have worked too. If I can defeat them than Kodachi definitely can too.

"But how, Nii-san?"

After that, the conversation went on. I tried to work with what I knew of Kodachi while presenting what I should know of her, working with the information that Tenou-san kindly provide me.

Overall, it was actually fun. Scheming to get back at someone is actually a great conversation piece between teenagers, who would have thought? At some point, more snacks and drinks were ordered, and dozens of half-baked plans were designed. Only for us to conclude that we didn't have enough information about the target to plan anything that would stick… Well, Tenou-san and I reached that conclusion that is, but we led the conversation for the three dimwits to realize that too.

"Nii-san! Nee-san! Thank you!" Touji, the delinquent leader, said while standing beside the table and bowing at us, his lackeys doing the same. "I will remember your kindness from the bottom of my heart and rest assure that Aniki will be grateful as well!"

Yeah, yeah, this Aniki guy, he was mentioned a few times. Apparently, he's the leader of a big chunk of the delinquents in the area and is pretty strong. I'm somewhat glad I managed to make peace with these dudes before they rat me out to their grand leader, having a guy like that after me would be troublesome, even if he was good for exp.

After a few loud and tearful goodbyes, which almost got us in trouble with the sexy waitress and her middle-age manager, the trio left.

Quest completed:
+ 100 exp.
Bonus objective fulfilled: Hooligans with hearts of gold.
+ 100 exp
Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.
Hum, a bonus objective? And of course, it wasn't shown on the original text. I swear game powers just want to make things difficult sometimes.

Level up!

Oh-wait… Neat!

"Well, that was certainly interesting, wasn't it, Ōe-san?" Tenou-san asked with a good-naturedly laugh.

I forced the bright smile caused by the unexpected level up into an expression of annoyance.

"Troublesome was what it was! Ugh, why did I have to get involved again?"

Buttloads of exp, that's why.

Tenou-san chuckled with a knowing look, then gracefully stood from the table.

"Then, I'll be waiting for your call."

"Eh?" I send her a side look while I finished my neglected coffee.

"Well, scouting, of course." She enunciated like a teacher and smiled. "I can easily get you into St. Hebereke to gather information about Kuno Kodachi." She gave me a peace sign. The overly happy gesture contrasted with her cool persona. "And, if something interesting happens there I'll keep you updated. Leave that to me, nii-san."

I groaned, and she almost giggled.

"Thank you for the fun morning, Ōe-san." She said before walking away. I lazily waved behind her.

It's late, but I wasn't in a hurry, my uniform is in my inventory so I could just equip it on my way to school.

So for a while, I just sat alone in a café, my legs comfortably crossed together, calmly snipping the content of my cup.

+ 1 Cha.

What the…Why!?

"Here you go, sir." The appearance and the bounce of the waitress took my mind from the inexplicable gain of attribute. She placed something on the…

…

Those bastards left me with the bill!

-0-0-0-​

"I'M A MAN!"

"I KNOW! WHY ARE YOU SCREAMING AT MY FACE!?"

"I'M A MAN HIROSHI!"

"STOP SHAKING ME, GODDAMNIT!"

Ranma had cornered me up behind the main school building during the lunchtime. I had noticed he has been looking ragged and stressed the fuck out for most of the morning but didn't comment. But now he had an ear to listen to him, he was letting all out.

Wish the fucker would stop shaking me like I was a child, it was degrading.

After a few minutes and a few punches to the face, he finally set me down.

"What the fuck was that, Ranma?" I said, trying to catch my breath. If I'm remembering our conversation correctly, yesterday he said… "Was that something with Kuno?"

I'd never seen someone shivering so deeply before.

"So it was Kuno!"

"Enough! Enough about Kuno, I don't even want to hear about that damn lunatic ever again!" He said with his hand grasping his hair.

"Geez, what the hell did he do to get you so riled up?"

He told me. And then I laughed.

"SHUT UP!" Ranma shouted with a hilarious blush on his face. It only made me laugh more.

"Oh, come on!" I let out through the end of it. "He fell in love with your prettier side, what's the big deal." Ranma shivered at the mention of his female self.

"Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!" He shook his head to wipe the gross look and greening skin tone. "I'm a man you hear me!? A man!"

And at that moment, a torrent of water showered over him from above.

"Hey, watch it, there could be somebody down there you know." Came a voice from the windows.

"It's fine, it's fine." Was the answer.

Now, there is something the anime didn't show or at least didn't put emphasis on. Ranma is usually showered by his head, which means the water runs down through his body onto his Chinese silk shirt each time he transforms. Meaning that when Ranma-chan appears, she's usually with the mother of all wet shirt clinging to her very prodigious breasts. Quite the sight.

She trembled in anger, bringing her clenched fist up. Then she thrusts her fist up with a scream of defiance, fury, and frustration... For about a second before I jammed her mouth shut.

"Seriously, calm down. It's not a big deal." I smiled and brought forward a kettle with warm water that I had the foresight to put in my inventory this morning. "I'm not here for long, but even I can see that Kuno is crazy. So what if he fell in love with your woman body? Nobody takes him seriously anyway."

Ranma shivered again at the mention of his woman form, but sighed in the end, slumping her narrow shoulders.

"I can't have guys falling in love with me, Hiroshi. I'm a guy." She protested dejectedly.

"I'm afraid that alone can't keep guys from falling in love with you either. No homo."

She sent me a confused look. "What?"

"American expression, just raise your arm. I wanna see if I can trigger your transformation with just your hand."

Turn out Ranma could be transformed back and forward by just wetting his hand, which was a shame; big bouncing boobs were more fun to see in a wet shirt than boring, Adonis-like muscles. He did calm down after I turned him into a man and gave him bread, though.

So we move to sit on the steps of outside stairs nearby. Throwing conversation around.

"Hãh? Kuno Kodachi!?" Ranma remarked with his face full of melon bread pieces. "That thing has a sister!?"

"Yup, and she's apparently just as bad as her brother. Got asked by a bunch of middle school delinquents to take care of her."

Ranma sent me a weird sidelook at my odd statement. "Take care, like beat her up?"

"No… I'm not sure. I guess it's all very vague."

"And a bunch of delinquent ask you that. Man, the hell is going on during your morning run, Hiroshi."

I shrugged, wolfing down my delicious red-bean bread. I already knew it would be delicious even before I tried it because it was a funny tasting Japanese bread, and those things are impossible to taste bad apparently.

Then it was Ranma's turn to tell me about his day.

"What?" I said, surprised. "She is selling pictures of your female form!? Isn't that, like, illegal?"

Oh, my reaction was partially fake; I knew Tendo Nabiki would do that eventually, but I didn't know Ranma was aware of this. Or at least I didn't remember…

The martial artist shrugged. "'Dunno, probably doesn't matter even if it were." He swallowed the rest of his lunch. "I'm thinking of letting her do it, you know. They are letting me and my old man stay for free, so I figure this was the least I could do."

"Ehhhh, how considerate…"

"…Oi Oi, what is this look— Hiroshi! I forbid you from buying any of my pictures!"

"Oh, come on! Whyyy!?"

"It would be weird!"

With that, time flew, and the lunch tittered toward the end.

"Yosh!" Ranma picked himself off and stretched his back; I heard the popping's from my position. "Thank Hiroshi, it was fun. We should probably go back to class now, though."

Wait, had it been this long. "Shit almost forgot… Eh, fifteen minutes left, should be enough for an introduction."

"What you talkin 'bout?" Ranma asked with a confused tilt of his head.

"Remember what you asked me yesterday." At his confused look, I continued. "About if I had any new yokai?"

"Ooh, yeah- wait do you have it… But lunch will be over soon." He considered.

"Let me show you and you'll understand."

After saying that I pointed my hand at the sky, letting my magic react and twist around the limb almost automatically. An instant later, this energy took mysterious form and concentrated within my arm.

"Id creation," I said out loud for flair, and the energy concentrating in my arm burst forwards and condescended in the area around us.

"Here we are again," Ranma commented, looking at the grayed out world. It was slightly different this time; before, the weather was clear identical to the 'real' world, but now it was humid, chilly, and with a thick mist hanging over everything, his eyes darted around looking for an opponent all of the same.

"Yeah, I can do these on command now, they are full of critters for us to fight though they're definitely not as challenging as the first one." Unlocking an Illusion barrier with enemies wasn't a difficult task; I'd managed to level up Id creation before Tenou-san met me this morning.

"Uwa, Uwa." Come a strange sound close to us. If one plaid attention, they would notice that this sound was mirrored many times in the distance.

From the mist, stumbled a figure of child-like size; greenish wrinkled skin, elongated face with a broad beak on it. And a weird, bowl-shaped head.

"Holy crap, it's a Kappa!!" Ranma recognized immediately. True, there were few yokais more known than the kappas; they were the mascot of a lot of businesses and agencies over Japan and were present in a lot of TV shows recently. Even I didn't need to see the tag of Infant Kappa lvl 01, to recognize what it was.

"This place is full of them. They are pretty weak but I thought we could get a bit of exercise on our way to the class." The kappa let out a shrill scream and began running towards us, but it wasn't very fast. "What do you say?"

"Hell yeah, I'm always up to fight weird things." The kappa leaped the last distance towards him, but Ranma just stepped forward and kicked it like a football. The thing was already fading before it hit the walls when it did it popped into smoke, only leaving the clicking of coins behind. "… They are pretty lame, though."

I crossed my arm defensively. "Hey, give me time, I'll be able to get more powerful monsters soon," I complained, but Ranma wasn't listening, he was much more interested in the alluring sound he had heard before.

"Hiroshi, look!" He turned to me from his position crouching around the place where the Kappa died. "Cash again!" He showed me a couple of coins that amounted to 650 yen.

"So you noticed. Yeah, they usually leave something behind, most commonly is money." I walked close, "About that, I actually got a proposition for you."

"Hum?" He looked at me while he rose to his feet.

"These place, these monsters, I'm going to use them to get stronger. But, well, how do I put it… I'd like to have you around as an extra hand to help me handle things if it goes out of control or if I bit off more than I could chew, and well… maybe some tips about how to improve?" Teach me martial art, was want I wanted to say, but the more I thought about it… I like Ranma; I think he is a cool guy and fun to be around, I also know how his life is, and how it will become; everybody that knows him wants something from him, or use him to get something that benefits them… I kinda wanted to be different; I don't want him to think I'm only using him to learn martial arts. So, as an incentive and to give something back, I added at the end. "I'm also letting you keep half of the money we collect around here. So it wouldn't be for free either."

"Hold on!" Ranma was listing my words patiently until then, but he pushed his hand up at the last statement. "So you're saying we get to hang out, fight weird monsters, and I'll even get paid for doing it!?" He asked incredulously.

"Err, I wouldn't put it so simply, my main object still is— "

"Yes! Hell yes!" He agreed cheerfully. Then he quickly turned around to bather away another Kappa that had jumped at us from the ceiling. "Even if they are weak as hell, their movements and posture are odd and fun, and I could definitely use a live punch-bag from time to time." He began walking and gesture for me to follow. "Come on Hiroshi, let's see how many we can get before lunch ends!"

That… went better than I imagined, though I still don't know how he will react to someone directly asking to learn martial arts from him, but I can take things slow and yank some fighting advice first, then I'll use it in conjunction with the Gamer to get better results and the rest… is for the future.

One last thing I want to try, though, I don't know if distance matters, but it was easy to test.

"Form party, Saotome Ranma," I said in the first test-

Party system unavailable; this game is a single-player experience.

… Not even a 'The level of this person is too high to form a party with' like I was expecting, just a full blown 'Nope! You can't leech off from stronger people and extend your powers to someone else!'

That's kind of a bummer.

I heard crashes and cries of dying monsters inside the school building while Ranma went a little wild.

"Hey! Hold up Ranma, leave some for me!"

With that, I pulled my baseball bat and tried to catch up.

-0-0-0-​

Perhaps it's too early to call it a trend… No, I can definitely call it a trend; once again, I met homeless dressing Uehara Rin perched on my doorsteps.

This time, however, I got home early, late afternoon instead of night, so instead of finding her slumped, I found her fidgety and looking at me with teary swirly glasses. What came from that meeting was predictable, but this time I'm teaching a woman how to fish rather than give her a fish.

"Here you go, miss!" Said the well-built middle-aged man placing the last order of vegetables at the counter; he has done a pretty good job gathering what products he had left after a busy day into a semi satisfactory amount.

That's the beautiful thing about a market full of family-owned businesses, they are not required to close on a set time and if the owner and workers were kind enough, they can even stop in the middle of closing the store to sell something.

This was the case for the homely market of the Kotakechō district. It was very late afternoon with the lights fading and the shadows becoming the night, people were closing down shops for the day, but a few kind souls choose to stop and help the stuttering woman and the annoyed-looking boy.

And that boy is indeed very annoyed.

"G-Guh, T-Thank you sir, um, h-here." Uehara Rin said from her cocoon of clothes, handing out a couple of bills. She completely missed a great number of them slipping from her purse and falling to the ground.

Uehara Rin was apparently hopeless when it comes to any kind of domestic duty, including buying her groceries to properly cleaning her place. She tries, she honest-to-god tries, but its like fate herself seems to work against her when she does so.

Oh sure, you might think that sometimes accidents happen and people drop money around, but when it happens every single time with every single store we stop by, then it's a pattern.

"T-Thank you very much!" She says and walks away. Leaving the bag of products she just bought and the confused clerk behind.

I sighed and took the bag she had forgotten. The guy sends me a look of sympathy.

Honestly, I don't mind. I was not carrying that much and I was not the only one doing it, plus I could grind some extra strength bonuses while at it.

"I have so much now!" The taimanin spoke as we took to the rapidly emptying streets. "T-Thank you very much for doing this for me, Ōe-sama. T-This one's debt to you increases even further."

"It's fine, Uehara-san." I sighed. "But how did you even manage to survive this long if you don't mind me asking." Definitely a rude thing to ask no matter the culture, but don't judge me, you hadn't seen her apartment!

"Guhhh, s-sorry..." She slumped dejectedly. "This one had a roommate that took care of most things. B-But she isn't around anymore…"

I look over her. There really isn't any sign of the woman from our first meeting. She was covered by the usual bulk that hid any hint of how she really looked, complete with the addition of a puffy hat and swirly glasses. I knew for a fact that even all of that wouldn't be able to fully hide the curve of her breasts, but her horrible slouched posture took care of the rest. Frankly, the only thing that indicated that she was a woman at all was the tone of her voice… I refuse to believe this isn't intentional. Still, there is no reason to butt in the business of a demon-slaying ninja, especially when you know she is a demon-slaying ninja while you aren't supposed to.

"It's fine," I said, sighing again. "Now you have actual food at least, now it's only a matter of cooking… Do you know how to cook?"

The woman slumped some more. Misery painting her following moan.

"Right. I guess... I guess I can help you out for now, until you can do it on your own."

"Ōe-sama~" She moaned in a tearfully happy tone. "This one has no words..."

"Just doing the neighborly thing. It isn't free, though. You own me a few dinners after you learned."

"Yes! Yes!" She agreed immediately, tears still comically pouring down her face. "T-This one will make sure to prepare a worthy meal! May the heavens heed my words!"

For the third time, I sighed. Both for the Taimanin's weird way of speaking, and her presence in general.

One might think that being close to what is essentially a hentai ninja would be glorious, but that's the thing, she is from the Taimanin universe, which is a grimdark hentai verse. The taimanins and those involved with them usually don't have the nicest of fates. And what their presence implies for the creatures of night… what they might attract… I'm not ready to face that kind of danger yet.

Yet at the same time, I can't not help Uehara Rin, and not only because she is the hottest woman I'd ever met, something that's surprisingly forgettable due to all those clothes. The way she bumbled around looking pitiful just seems to inspire the desire to help and protecc.

I scratched my head; maybe all those goody-two-shoes actions my quests keep prompting me to do are getting to my head.

"-S-So beautiful!"

"You like it, miss? It's a highly effective good-luck charm! Only 10.000 yen!"

"Shining… I'll have one."

"Hum?" I looked back and saw Uehara exchanging an unreasonable amount of money with a tall guy in a dark trench coat.

Godfuckingdamnit! I take my eyes for one second!

"Hey!" I shouted, running towards them. The guy noticed and scurried off with surprising speed. "Hey, stop right there!"

No use, the guy disappeared behind an alley before I was halfway across from him. No one saw him either, as there was no person around, and it was dark enough for the street light lit up.

Fuck.

"W-What's the matter, Ōe-sama?" Uehara asked, coming over. There was worry in her tone, and she was cradling a balloon sized purple ball.

"Uehara…" I groaned in exasperation, rubbing one eye in my palm. "He'd swindled you."

"Eh?"

"That ball." I pointed at the thing. A freaking ball as a good luck charm, seriously? What the hell was she thinking!? "It's probably worthless. Definitely not worth 10.000."

"Ehh!? B-but he said it was a—"

"I know what he said." I interrupted, and then I vocalized the heart of the matter and the primary source of her problems. "You really have to take better care of your money, Uehara-san," I complained.

The woman lowered her head like I was the adult in this situation, "S-Sorry…"

"Just…" I deflated, "Let's try one step at the time. Clearly, someone needs to teach you common sense."

"H-Hai, Ōe-sama, this one will strike to learn diligently- Guh!" The squeaked as I patted her head through her puffy hat, I felt like it. "Guhhhh!" The following noise definitely leaned on the happier side.

I smiled at that. Cute.

Then the purple ball in her hands popped like a baboon, flooding the area in a cloud of purple smoke.

I took a step back, my mind trying to register what the fuck had happened. I open my mouth to explain. But only managed to let out a single syllable before everything went limp.

I tumbled in the purple haze, my body and face hitting the pavement. Pain flared, yet I was too limp to react to it. My body felt heavy, distant, like my nerves receptors have crawled down to a halt and are only managing to send a fraction of what they usually did. But my senses; my vision, hearing, and specially tact, were functioning as usual, hell, I'd even say they were enhanced.

I blinked, just about the only thing my body could still do. The purple mist dissipated unnaturally quickly, and from the position my head had tilted, I could see Uehara Rin slumped limply on the ground just like I was. Her hat and glasses had fallen from her.

Fuck! Shitfuck! Enemy attack, it must be, it can't be a fucking prank- that fucking vendor I swear I… footsteps heavy, ominous, deliberately slow.

I felt fear rising. There is nothing like the feeling of being utterly defenseless before someone who clearly didn't have your best interest in mind to ignite true fear. I can't even describe it, I just-

I could see Uehara Rin's eyes from here, the first time since we first met. They were hard and neutral, looking fixedly up ahead, her body wasn't even twitching in the unnecessary effort of trying to move, I frankly didn't know if it was because she was conserving her strength, or has resigned herself to whatever it would happen.

Her mouth moved, forming words but not sound

DO. NOT. MOVE.

The steps got closer; I could felt whomever it was walking around my body. The light of lamppost above caused a huge shadow to pass over me.

I. AM. SORRY.

Uehara managed to mouth it before a pair of massive, green-skinned feet blocked her vision. A dark trench coat fell around them soon after.

"The information was true." A rough, raspy voice commented from above. I tried to force my head to look up who, or what it was. "You really are defenseless under this condition."

For my limited vision, I saw him crouch down over Uehara. His voice lowering into a menacing murmur that reverberated in the air.

"I gonna make you pay for what you did to my brothers. Whore!"

The fallen kunoichi let out a noise like a wounded animal as she was roughly hoisted up. The feet then left my field of vision.

Before my brain could even finish processing what had happened, a window appeared in my vision.

New Quest: A Taimanin's Bad End.
Uehara Rin is being taken by an old enemy with a huge grudge and an even huger boner, do something about that.
Rewards:
+ 3.000 exp.
Vastly increase closeness with Uehara Rin.
??????????
Failure:
Uehara Rin becomes mind broken.
Uehara Rin becomes a sex slave.
Uehara Rin becomes a monster factory.
Death.
Accept/Refuse.

God.

God. Fucking. Damn it.

Fucking see!!! Bullshit like this was what I was talking about! No matter how badass the taimanin is build up to be, no matter how powerful or untouchable she seems, disaster always happens, they always end up raped and brutalized. It happened with freaking Asagi! The supposedly best taimanin ever, and now it's about to happen to Uehara Rin.

I'm lucky; I'm very fucking lucky this monster is ignoring me. I remember what usually happens to males related to the taimanins. Routinely getting cucked is the last of their problem; one got raped, then turned into a crazed tentacle monster, the other got turned into a meatball, yeah a freaking meatball, and stayed alive too.

This guy is completely ignoring me; he is walking away now and taking Uehara with him, so yeah, it looks like I'm getting out scot-free. Lucky.

Very lucky.

…

…Fuck

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!

FUCKKKK!!!!

Skill created: Poison Resistance lvl 01.
Increase the body's natural resistance against all poisons.

WHY IN THE WORLD AM I DOING THIS!? Why am I putting everything I have in moving this damn sluggish body for a woman I only met three days ago!? She is hot, but she is not hot enough to risk my life over, so fucking why!

Poison Resistance leveled up!

Just lay down! Get some rest! Pretend this is all a bad dream! No need for me to desperately turn toward their direction. He is carrying over one shoulder her like a sack of potatoes. Oh look, he is injured; I could clearly tell by the way he limped, or the fact his whole body was covered with barely healed lighting burns, or his general lack of a fucking arm! Yep, he is injured all right, doesn't change the fact he is a level 30 Orc!

Poison Resistance leveled up!

I should really fucking stop raising a trembling arm in their direction like a freaking chuunibyou. Great, you can raise your arm now kid, congrats, now lower it down before you hurt yourself, and you will hurt yourself. I was not ready for taimanin's bullshit; the freaking level 30 mob was enough proof of that. Hell, I was barely ready for Ranma 1/2! I should stick with Ranma 1/2, getting my power up, play it safe. NOT CONCENTRATING MANA UP MY ARM WHILE HOPING FOR A MIRACLE!

Poison Resistance leveled up!

God, it was brilliant, it was wonderful, it felt warm and powerful, and it was sooo fucking energizing! My first example of outside magic; it was barely a spell, only a ball of mana with the vague command of fucking everything it touched. Ok, now fucking what!? Maybe tone down the brightness and concentrate it on a smaller point?

Poison Resistance leveled up!

Holy fuck, where did my day go!? From saving kittens from trees to holding a ball of mana in my hand while trying to aim with a shaky arm at sight at the retreating monster taking the pretty lady away. This is it, hum? The moment of truth: Can I shoot the devil in the back knowing I would most likely miss? Can I do that for a woman I barely know?

There is Death flashing over the consequences of failure.

The devil stomped into a stop, probably noticing the blue brightness on his back, or the low buzzing the raw mana was making. It turned to cast a look towards me.

The ball of magical fuck you hit him right on the side of his head.

There was light, a light so bright that cast away the night for a single moment. Then a pop echoed, similar to the baboon from earlier but louder and meatier. And then straps of meat, pieces of bones, and bits of brain matter began to rain. The headless body stood upward for an impossible second before it fell to the ground in a heavy thud. The still paralyzed form of Uehara Rin fell beside it with a squeak.

My arm dropped to the ground, and I just… panted, my body trembling, my heart pounding behind my ears.

I… I got him.

Quest completed!
+ 3.000 exp.
Your closeness with Uehara Rin has vastly increased.
??????????
Level up!

Level up!

Level up!

Level up!

I let out a struggling breath and forced my body to the side with a grunt. Placing me on my back while looking at the night sky and the glow of the lamppost.

Skill created through special action: Internal mana control lvl 01.
Helps you control the internal flow of your mana, decreases the change of spell failure, increases spell efficiency.

Skill created through special action: Arcane Mastery lvl 01.
Gives intuitive grasps over arcane subjects, decreases the change of spell failure, increases spell power.

Skill created through special action: Arcane sneak attack lvl 01
Increases the damage of spells over unaware targets.


Spell created: unnamed
A concentrated sphere of raw mana carrying a single intent.

I read the words but didn't get them; my mind was still riling from the stress. Above me, came the confused mumbling of Uehara Rin, probably trying to ask what had happened or if I was all right but failing due to a paralyzed tongue.

Finally, I placed my arm over my face and laughed in relief.

Thus ended my third day in Nerima. Hopefully, I'll make it to the end of the week.



A/N: I'll try to release smaller chapter for now as a experiment, I wanna see if I can write faster this way.

Edit: Forgot to add an sneak attack variant to the list of skill he won in that last battle, my bad.
Last edited: Aug 22, 2020
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jul10, DeltaRyuujin, SwaffleWaffle and 1,467 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 04
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 9, 2020
Add bookmark
#204
A/N: I forgot to ad on the last chapter a arcane base sneak skill for his sneak kill, so there it is now, just a brief addendum.

God, there is so much, so much I wanted to add on this chapter, but then I reminded myself that I decided to experiment with small chapter to see if I could pump them out faster.

And I can see how it works now; all things left unsaid here than easily fit the next one. which is neat cuz now I have a skeleton of the next chapter ready.

Maybe there is something to these small chapter releases.

Chapter 04









Kappas are annoying little buggers whose entire species is in dire need of exterminatus. They are a bitch to fight and always aimed for your ass if you gave them a chance.

No better way to develop a hate towards a monster than facing one who keeps trying to finger you.

The one I was fighting now was particularly annoying, mostly because it had wised up after a few bats to the face and was fighting carefully rather than the reckless abandon of the others of his species.

I was circling around it, moving my bat to one hand from another, trying to confuse and lead it to a mistake. Then I shifted my body to the side and threw my weight into a swing.

The yokai saw it coming and parried the hit with the swing of its own arm. It was sent back with a shrieked in pain due to my superior strength anyway, but the damage wasn't enough to kill it.

Ranma clicked his tongue loudly.

"You're holding your breath again! Stop holding your breath, idiot! You have to time it with your movement!"

"Easier said than done!" I bit back without looking at him. I'd learn that doing that opens me to an attack and makes Ranma laugh his ass off when it hits.

"No, I'm pretty sure saying is harder. I could do that since I was three!" The bastard was sitting on the teacher's desk of the classroom that we were in, spitting watermelon seeds on the mist-shape students loitering around in the mirror lunchtime.

"You were a red belt when you were three!" I protested, parrying the strike of the increasingly desperate yokai.

"That sounds more like a you problem, rather than a me problem— Posture! Watch your posture! How the hell you're not tripping over your own feet!?"

I groaned. Ranma may be a martial art genius, but he's definitely not a teacher. Most of his 'tips' consisted of barely explained instructions and vague directions without any visual representation whatsoever. He just drops those on my lap and goes off to do his own thing. Then he comes back later to give insults/criticisms while laughing at my failures.

I should have expected that, honestly, Ranma could be a cocky bastard sometimes.

… But it is working; from a practical standpoint, it meant I was getting hit less and landing hits more often. The progress was very subtle, so much so that I don't think I'd ever notice if I wasn't getting visual feedback from my gamer system.

Whenever I follow Ranma's instructions, the attributes bonus happens more often, and because of his help and the way he directed me to fight, I had managed to unlock the Brawling Mastery skill, which was currently on level 2, and the Blunt Weapon Mastery skill, which was on level 01. Basically, I'm definitely—

The Kappa leaped towards me, grubby claws first. I sidestepped beside his trajectory and brought my bat down before it could do anything.

+ 1 Str.

Blunt Weapon Mastery leveled up!

—Getting stronger!

I let out a deep breath, watching the body of my fifteenths Kappa fade and then pop into a smoke.

This wasn't the body of an infant Kappa at level 01 anymore, no; it was an adolescent Kappa at level 05. A clear sign of my progress.

"Finally!" Ranma bit the last of his watermelon and quickly spat the last stream of seeds over the unsuspecting ghosts.

"How did it go on your end?" I asked, seeing him jump from the desk. Ranma wasn't having the explosive results I was, of course, but the attrition with the mobs had quietly bumped him up a level. I doubt he even noticed.

The Martial Artist gave me a cheeky grin and waved a victoriously full money pouch, one of the many I had brought when it became clear that our pockets and individual wallets alone weren't going to cut it. "There are also some of the gross parts that you're into." He finished throwing me a tied-up bundle of Kappa fingers.

Yeah, money isn't the only loot the Kappas left. I imagine it's for a still unknown alchemical system or something like that, for now, though, I don't know for what they served so I was keeping a Witcher 3 mindset and storing them for later if I had space. The fact there were only fingers told me that Ranma left the bloody hearts and eyes that also usually appears behind.

"Lunch's gonna end soon." Ranma commented, stretching his back, "Mannn, today was fun! Those guys are much stronger than the tinier versions."

"I leveled up my Id creation skill one level since yesterday, that puts it on level 4." I had explained part of how my power worked to Ranma when he insisted. As expected, he didn't get most of it, not much of a gamer this one. But he did get that level up means getting stronger.

"Uh-huh." He mumbled, and then he frowned a little. "But I was serious about what I said you'know? Your footwork really needs some work. I mean, it's not horrible, but it's far from being good."

I sighed; Yeah, I got to put a stop to that. "Ok… so how!?" I ask, putting hard emphasis on the question.

He sent me a confused look.

Wait, is he really…

"Ranma." I began slowly. "I don't know if you noticed, but I'm not a martial artist. I don't know anything about martial art beyond some books I read, and putting knowledge of a page to practice in the middle of a fight is really hard. So yeah, when you say I have to improve my footwork, or work on my balance, or to watch my breaths, I literally don't know how, because I don't know what you're talking about."

It was not… exactly like that, because I've been trying to use the advice he was giving me to the things I read/absorbed. But my point still stands.

Ranma looked directly at me for a couple of long seconds. I could see gears turning behind his blue eyes.

"Oh!" He exclaimed, then raised a hand and started scratching the back of his head. "You're like, a complete amateur, um, sorry about that. It's not often I get to meet one of you."

I was about to retort when I paused and thought about it, most of everybody Ranma knows or even will know is involved with martial arts in some way or another… Holy shit! I'm as close he has to a normie friend!

"Ok, so like…" Gone was the direct, sure direction, and instructions; he seems to be struggling with what to say. "No, maybe, hold on…" It was so unlike Ranma that I couldn't help it but stare.

"Maybe the basics?" I suggested.

"Basics? Yeah, like, the very basic, that could work."

Ranma stepped closer, standing right beside me in a distance that was ease to see him even in the thick fog— The fog as been getting thicker with each raised level; the ghost images of the people are also becoming less human-like, just vague shapes in the mist— He spread his legs, lowered his hips and slowly rotated his arms into a stance while keeping his back straight.

"Watch. Keep your eyes on my feet."

Then he started moving, and frankly, it was like seeing a well-oiled machine.

It was like… he was transitioning between a series of poses: his feet twisted around the place, his legs roamed, his arms rotated and thrust with his hand clenched in fists or relaxed, and so he went, pose 1, pose 2, pose 3, pose 4 and so on. There wasn't any power or speed on it, just a fluid, continuing motion that seems almost natural to him.

It was damn impressive, I mean, I've seen him doing some impressive shit before, but it was away at highs speeds or higher up, this time he deliberately slowed down for me to see. And I'd managed to recognize some from the books I read, it was still a bit different than the images there, but I asked anyway.

"Is that Aikido?"

"Aikido… Tàijí quán, Bak Mei, some Karate..." Ranma continued to move while he talked, he didn't spare a glare towards me. "Now, you try."

With some hesitation, I move to the first position, Ranma also did so too and allowed me to copy him. I tried my best to continue to copy him while we started to move.

In the third position, I lost my balance and fell on my ass, causing Ranma to snigger.

"Man, you really suck Hiroshi."

"Shut up!" I said while getting back up.

We continued like that until I managed to make rough imitations of the seven katas Ranma showed me. Then he stopped and gestured me to go on.

I did much, much worse without him to copy on my side, and he made sure to insult, belittle, and laugh at all my many mistakes. When I finally managed to do a much rougher imitation of the seven, he nodded.

"Alright, stop."

"What, now!?" I couldn't help it but to fume, in my defense, he did nothing but laugh at me this entire time, shit like that wore out someone.

He didn't even register my mood. Instead, he moved into the first three stances and told me to follow.

I did, and he told me to do it again. On the third time, he nodded.

"Do this all the time until you can do it without thinking. After that, find a fence or something and do it on top of it. Don't forget to breathe like I showed you to."

It was my time to nod and finally relax; I noticed then the faint layer of sweat that seems to have gathered over my skin.

I pushed the beginning of a giggle fit to the back of my mind; this was the first real martial art lesson I'd ever received and from Saotome Ranma of all people. Before anything could show on my face, however, I changed the subject.

"So, was that a mishmash of many martial art styles?"

Ranma leaned back on one of the chairs. By the way the ghosts were moving. I'd said we only have a couple of minutes to get back to class.

"Kinda. It's only the basics, which are similar no matter the art. They are like foundations, but each is built for their individual styles and have their own quirks. What I showed you was a blend of various, taking the parts that would have geared it toward one style in particular and substituting with motions that left it open for different ones, so you don't create bad habits that hinge your learning towards… Am I making sense?"

…

"Ranma… You almost look smart right now."

He laughed and threw the rest of his uneaten watermelon at my face.

I dodged and continued. "So that was some type of super foundation exercise."

Ranma nodded. "You got to get it right and make it like, part of you. A lot of people think that foundations are important, they are not just important; they are everything. You got to have your foundations right, if anything, Hiroshi."

I blinked at the strange intensity he said this "And then?"

He sent me a cheesy grin.

"Anything Goes."

Woah… Wait a second— "…Oh, come on! You baited me to say that!"

The foggy air was filled by Ranma's sniggers.

He didn't laugh for long, however, as something dropped from the ceiling and splashed on his naked arm.

"Agh!" His shout was more of surprise than pain.

Ranma wiped the gelatinous green goop off himself and sidestepped away. He'd managed to get it out before it could do more than irritate his skin. "Oh hell no! These things again!"

It was my turn to laugh. Those were the second species monster that spawned from this ID level, and the first one that didn't match the yokai theme that had been going on: it was a slime, the classic mob monster from too many games. And Ranma was quick to develop a healthy distaste for the species as a whole.

To begin with, they were utterly immune to physical attacks, which meant that Ranma's attempts, while often devastating to whatever the slime was standing on, did jack shit to the monster itself. The best he could do was get his skin red and raw due to the thing's acidic jello bodies, something that annoyed the martial artist to no end. But what I think really pissed him off was the tendency the monster has to cling in his clothes if he was female. And that was something that always happened: whenever Ranma was in his female form in Illusion barrier with slime monsters in it, one of the fuckers would get in his clothes and melt the fabric away.

Weirdly enough, this didn't happen when he was male. The monsters seem to target the skin rather than the clothes when he was in his male form. I shelved that under anime tropes.

"What's wrong, Ranma? Scared of a little Jello?" I said in a mocking tone.

"Shut up!" The slime leaped towards him, and memories of afternoons in only his boxers made him jump onto one of the tables. "Just kill it already!"

Chuckling, I raised my arm and triggered my spell, a handy trick that I created myself and gave it the unimaginative name of Mana Bolt. The game system made it so the magic would happen automatically, I intuitively knew there was a chance of failure but it was so microscopically small it barely registered. At that very moment, I could decide to pour in more Mp to make the spell larger or take manual control from the game system to shape mana under my own skill, but that would raise the chance of failure and bump the casting time to a few seconds.

On 'default' as it is— with most of the blunt work handled by the game system— it took a fraction of a moment for a baseball size sphere of mana geared towards destruction to appear in my hand. The following bust of will to launch it was trivial.

The brilliant ball crossed the air in a second and yanked all the creature's Hp in a single hit. It's Jello body turned liquid and splashed around the fist-size hole and cracks that the spell had opened on the floor.

"And once again, the great Hiroshi-sama saved his loyal squire from the clutches of the jelly terror." I mocked.

"Yeah? Let me bring some twenty fishfaces here and let's see who'd be saving who." Ranma mumbled angrily as he descends back down.

I continued to laugh at his insecurities, but then a rather ominous sound echoed across the room. We both looked at the mist, and considering that this is a standard classroom, it must have come from the direction of the door.

There was a rattler and a crash, and something began hissing.

"Oi, what was that?" Ranma began, but my mind was only on one thing.

I've read the webcomic where my powers come from, many things were different there, but some things, like my ID Create skill, worked remarkably similar to what it was shown, so I had no reason to doubt it wouldn't continue to do so.

And among the functions of the skill, there is one that hasn't appeared to me yet. It had created pocket dimensions outside of the normal reality, it had created a series of monsters to populate this pocket dimension, but until now it hadn't thrown any boss at us yet.

I think… I think that changes today…

A wriggling mass of greenish-gray goo appeared at once, like a moving wave that crushed and absorbed the chairs and tables on its way. I blinked at the sight of the gigantic fucking— Wait a second…

"Oh, come on!" Ranma threw his hands to the air in frustration at the sight of a giant version of his hated enemy.

Except… it wasn't, not to the Gamer at least; instead of a single tag declaring the name of a terrible monster with an overpowered level, there are tags everywhere across its length reporting multiple Slimes from various levels.

This isn't a boss this is a—

"A bunch of slimes fused together!" I finished out loud, holy shit; I didn't know they could do that.

Turning an accusatory eye towards Ranma, I asked. "Ranma, did you just aggro all the slimes in the map to our location!?" because he sure as hell couldn't kill them.

He picked up a chair and threw it to the mass, watching it sink inside and start to dissolve. "I have no idea of what you're talking about!" He shouted, and I believed him. He couldn't catch a gamer reference to save his life.

Ok then, if it was not a boss, then there was no problem: the exit was only an ID Erase away… But I got to be honest; I kinda wanna see how I fare against this thing.

I raised my arm towards it and my other one to steady it while I prepare a Mana Bolt with as much Mp I dared to—

Then there was a pull the back of my uniform, and I was suddenly off my feet and falling a three stories high fall.

"WHATTHEFUCK!" Was my calm and collected response to being an unwilling participant on the act of jumping off a building. Right before I splashed into the waters of the pool and my scream became a gurgling.

"Way to ruin the mood, Ranma." I said after reorient myself and get out of the pool, "I totally could have handled it!"

"Oh, shut up! Haven't you seen the way that thing just ate through that chair!?" Argued Ranma, now a hot red-head with wet clothes crouching at my side to catch her breath. "That thing's acid is way stronger than the smaller ones, and it was coming at us fast and in all directions. You avoid the wall of acid coming in your direction, Hiroshi, not try to blow it up!"

… Okay, she does have a point… but still, I could put a hole of my size in concrete walls with the amount I was putting behind my Mana Bolt, so I don't think it would be that badly… Eh, whatever, it's the past now, and it was a good point.

"Wow, careful there, you'll actually make me believe you're smart."

"Oh please, I'mma genius."

Can I just say that Ranma's sass sounds way better when she is female?

She rose up a hand and flexed her fingers. "Now, warm water, gimme gimme."

The kettle of warm water I kept in my inventory quickly multiplied to three, then to five over these last couple of days. You'd be amazed how many times Ranma unwillingly turns into a girl on a daily basis, and even more amazed by the silliness of the events that usually led to this result. The anime illustrated well enough, but there were some days that cold water just seems to really follow him. Frankly, I don't know how the hell the school's still in the dark about his curse considering how often it triggers around here.

On the plus side though, hanging around with me and having easy access to warm water had lessened the anger he felt at being suddenly transformed, now he mostly grumps and looks annoyed rather than letting out screams of frustration like before.

While Ranma changed into her less attractive form, I turned around and activated my ID Erase skill, with a snap of my fingers for flair. The gray, misty world broke away around us to reveal clear blue skies and a wave of noise.

"Well. Now we are well and truly late." I said with my hands on my hips, watching the desert hallways from the building's windows. "Can't be helped then."

"Want to push this thing to after school?" the now male Ranma suggested/asked. "No, wait. If we do this after school my old man and Tendo-san will nag me for letting Akane go home alone." Ranma grimaced and scratched his head. "I'mma let this whole engagement thing blow over first."

Oh, poor dude, he is under the impression he can just square his shoulders and weather the storm until it passes. He has no idea what's waiting for him.

I open my mouth to reply and maybe give him some idea of what's in his future when a dull thud that sounded distinctly like a broom or a wooden sword hitting the ground echoed behind us.

I sighed, someone had seen us, not really a big deal giving the craziness of this place; if the student body here can accept martial arts right out of wuxia movies than they can accept two guys appearing out of nowhere—

The tall, kendogi-wearing form of Kuno Tatewaki greeted us with a wide, shocked stare.

He very slowly closed his eyes. Bringing a trembling fist up and starting letting out barely restrained sounds of pure anger.

"As I live and breathe… Black Wizardry at my school! Damn you, Saotome Ranma, how low can you get!? I, KUNO TATEWAKI, FURINKAN'S AZURE TORNADO, WILL NOT LET YOU AND YOUR FOUL SORCERER GO UNPUNISHED!!"

And that was my first meeting with Kuno. Not with words, but with terrifying bokken's swings that shattered the ground, trees, and every construction close by.

Me and Ranma totally kicked his ass though.

-0-0-0-​

I went to my apartment early today.

Part of me was hoping…

When I reached the top of the stairs, I sighed. No homeless dressing hentai ninja on my doorsteps.

She wasn't in my apartment, and she wasn't in her apartment, either—She'd given me the key to it so I could get her prone body inside a few days ago— I looked around the clean space that before was a mess of trash and half-eaten junk food but found nothing; Uehara Rin was nowhere to be seen.

After our encounter with that… Orc, I managed to drag the paralyzed taimanin back to my apartment so we could recuperate. On the next morning, we had a talk… well, I talked, she just kind of stuttered.

It was surprisingly unproductive because it skidded around topic she very obviously wasn't allowed to tell me. On her turn to questions, I used her reluctance to share what was obviously her governmental involvement and her status as a taimanin as an excuse to keep some secrets of my own, going with the scenario that I was a fledgling mage who just awoken to his powers, which wasn't far from the truth.

By the end, the only thing we managed to gather was that both of us knew about the supernatural, not very useful considering I already knew about that. And, even if Uehara was very, very thankful, I realized quickly that she literally couldn't tell me much without having to kill me or something similar. By that point, the clock was ticking, and the Japanese part of my brain was demanding me to go to school, so I postponed the rest of the conversation for later, but not before yanking a promise that she would keep my abilities a secret for now.

She was gone when I got back.

It has been five days.

I panicked, of course, thinking more Orcs had come and taken her away, I look around for a good while, but there was no lead, no signs of struggle, and no pop up wisdom giving me a quest related to it, so in the end I just…

… Well. No use moping around, I guess, there is still some daytime to burn, and I didn't want to lazy around and watch crappy tv shows.

I want to get stronger.

Pulling a deep breath and pushing my worries away. I locked the door to Uehara's apartment behind me and went on to do some solo magical training.

No way I'm facing an overpowered monster with my pants down ever again.

-0-0-0-​

"MINON!"

Minotauron
Cardian of The Strength
Level 24.

… Ok, in my defense, it wasn't with my pants down… kinda.


A/N: For those worried about his aparent lack of magical training (Which is his biggest trump card) don't, I just didn't have where to put it here, you'll see what he's up to in the next chapter.

Next chapter preview (Not spoiles, just vague hints to get you hyped): Magic! Monster Of The Week Enemies! Cute tiny waifus to protecc! Momma Milf with big bouncy boobs! Another Crossover enters the play! Tasty worldbuilding! and LEWDS! OH MY!!!

Edit: Also gonna put the current status then, I swear.
Last edited: Aug 22, 2020
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DeltaRyuujin, SwaffleWaffle and 1,354 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 9, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 05, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 14, 2020
Add bookmark
#561
A/N: Boy this is ironic after the last chapter rant about short chapter eh?

Anyway for those not in the know I decided to split the chapter in two cuz in was getting to big. Now you may be wondering but dude didn't you said in the preview of the last chapter that there would be lewds, where a the lewds!? You lied to us!

But AHA! Jokes on you because you see that preview was talking about chapter 5 and as you can see by the title, chapter 5 wasn't end yet!

That's the excuse I'm going with anyway, stop judging me.



Chapter 05, part 1





A dark moon shone down its paradoxical moonlight over the grayed-out world, illuminating the large, half-destroyed temple grounds and accentuating the frantic movements of the ghostly images while they scouted the place and gathered their wounded.

The monstrous woman tried to lash out against a ghost that wandered too close, only to have her limb pass harmlessly across their form. She growled loudly at this before throwing her head back in a scream of anger and frustration.

The sound boomed across the noiseless world, reaching an intensity it wouldn't have otherwise. The tiny fists scrunched my shirt around my shoulders; the little girl clinging on me trembled at the roar, but even then, she refuses to make a noise.

The monster buffed, letting out long streams of smoke from her nostrils. Her face seems to be able to achieve a surprising level of beauty, but now it was stretched and twisted into a bestial display of pure fury. It turned to our direction; her fierce, single-colored eyes promising long-suffering with a hate-filled glare. Her hooved feet dug deep into the cobbled floor in preparation for a rush.

Minotauron
Cardian of The Strength
Level 24.

I sighed, supporting the little girl on my back with a hand while tightening the grip over the handle of my baseball bat with another.

How the hell did I get myself into this again?

Oh yeah, I was training…

-0-0-0-​

"Mana Bolt!"

The baseball-sized sphere of mana crossed the air in a brilliant flash of light. The noise it made when impacting the large tree was odd, like someone had put a normal 'thud' produced by two heavy objects hitting each other and put it through an electronic autotune. Nevertheless, the tree shook by the force of the magical impact, and a new hole appeared in its bark.

I swallowed my shame for having spoken such chuuni thing out loud and crossed the distance of my targeting range.

"… Can't believe this actually worked." I mumbled out loud, passing my hand over the two open holes in the wooden surface, the most recent one was notably bigger and deeper than the one on it's left.

Turns out saying the name of the spell out loud really does increase its performance.

I sighed, that was neat, but I don't know if I can handle Ranma's laugher if I go around declaring 'Mana Bolt!' on all my magical attacks. But since I was utterly alone here…

A lone slime was moving in the distance. By the oddly cheerful way it bounced over the place, there was no doubt this wasn't simple slime but actually a reincarnated salaryman learning his ropes.

"MANA BOLT!"

And the slime was no more, its dreams of Utopia dying with it.

Chuckling, I noticed the strength of the spell also increased if I put emotion behind the words; overall, it was an annoying quirk but could really make a difference in a pinch because it increased the power of the spell without any additional Mp cost.

Satisfying at the success of my small experiment, I turned toward the rock with the soda cans prompted on top, ready for the next one.

I started with something I've already tried; spells, or at least Mana Bolt, when triggered by the game system consisted of concentrating enough mana on one of my extremities, briefly manifesting it outside of my body to form a sphere, then launching it with a flex of my Will. This process was made automatic by the gamer system, and one of the first things I did was triggering a lot to pay attention to all the details it goes into it. Because let me tell you, reproducing what I did on that day without the rush of panic and adrenaline was not easy. It took an embarrassing amount of time to get it right.

But I've managed. I could make the entire process on my own now, which sacrificed the time and efficiency of the system for more control. The most common and easiest thing to do with this control was to pour more mana, or Mp, into the mix to increase the size and the damage of the thing, but that's just the obvious.

What I'm trying to do was to change the more… subtle aspects of it.

First came my most recent success, the change was in the intent behind the mana because, apparently, mana outside of the body without intent is hard as fuck to maintain, but I managed to imbue it with the intent of 'push' before shooting the sphere toward the soda can.

The can was sent flying way above the tree lines, getting lost among the forested area of this municipal park.

I smiled at this display; today was easier than yesterday, quite like training a muscle. I just had to shape my mana in a slightly different way. As for the result, I knew for a fact that the target itself doesn't receive direct damage from this version of spell alone, it's just blasted backward by a mighty rush of force, like a force push that starts as a brilliant ball of energy, or a banishing charm from harry potter… which only now I realize it's a better allegory: it's basically a poor man banishing charm.

In my opinion, the resulting effect different enough to be its own spell, but the system remains silent on this.

And like with every successful attempt of this particular brand of Mana Bolt, I'm reminded of that special time a short while ago where Ranma got in the way of one of my first attempts and was launched into a group of slimes. I got kicked for it, but it was by a very naked Ranma-chan, so it was worth it.

Moving on from my little banishing charm. Came my less successful attempt.

I activated the spell, this time turning the intent behind into 'kinetic'. I had to keep it simple because if I tried 'kineticenergy' it'd be like pushing a rock through a plastic straw. This way, the energy at last moved.

Remember what I said about being like a muscle? Yeah, 'kinetic' was like flexing a muscle that only existed in theory until yesterday, but now it had been proven and you're still trying to figure it nuances.

I got it, somewhat, I felt the mana shaping in a form too much like 'push' for my liking, but I did manage to bend it in a different way. The result was a ball of mana that, unlike all the others, was semi-solid and presumably would hit like a steel ball.

The targeting soda and a piece of the rock it was on exploded, producing a shower of shrapnel in all directions.

I blinked at that. It was much more successful than the other times I'd tried, but unfortunately, that level of success didn't hold on as I moved to the other targets.

Sighing at the partial and much smaller explosion of the last soda can, I finally lowered my hand and shook away the tingling feeling. It always gets like that when too much mana passes through.

And that's the end of my 'stable' arsenal of magic. I walked to a nearby bench and erased the illusion barrier. The usual noises of the nighttime, the cricketing of insects, the cries of noctournal birds, the distant sounds of cars and people all greeted me as the world went back to normal.

I like this park better than the one near my house. There were fewer people, less illumination, and much more vegetation, which meant more target practice. There was also a mount with a big temple built on top; I imagine it brings many visitors on the day, but at night it seemed pretty empty. I could see some of it if I crank my neck up.

Pity this place is far from my apartment, near the border of Nerima and Itabashi, really. I won't be able to come here every day; I only came here tonight because I was training my ID Create skill and wanted to see how much distance it could cover.

After my Mp refilled, I created another ID, immediately filling the place with slimes. I made short work of them before they could fuse and set off to work on the 'hard' part of my training.

Concentrating into the feeling of my mana, I reach towards it without the assistance of the gamer system, pulling it out to the outside so I could see the blue glow.

The thing about magic is… I don't know anything about magic.

I've managed to use my mana and create a spell on the heat of the moment; there is no instruction or feeling that can lead me to the next step. I'm doing my best breaking down what I can do to build something new. To use the proven knowledge of mana manipulation, intent imbuement, and effect of the will to test and stretch the limits of what I could do.

It was… not as easy as it sounded.

All the success I had was related to the spell I've created before, trying to build something from the ground up was met with failure each time. I had some plans for it; elements, shields, traps, maybe some binding magic, I tried to turn these ideas into intent but got nothing.

Internal Mana Control leveled up!

Well, not exactly nothing, all this playing around with magic, which for me consisted of experimentation with mana itself, as made my Internal Mana Control skill sky-rock, now earning the spot of my highest level skill at level 7.

… Ok, I suppose not all were failures, I did manage to modify my Mana Bolt a bit, even if not to the extent I wanted, but it's still some progress.

I lost track of time sitting here, trying to shape my mana in weird ways and imbue it with odd properties, the fact I was playing with freaking magic alone was enough to leave me a bit giggly, I drew strength from that.

All my attempts were met in frustration… but one, I guess.

I rolled around a physical ball of mana in my hands, wincing a bit from how rapidly it was eating through my Mp. This is a result of me exercising my Will in a different way; instead of willing the spell to shoot, I willed it to 'hold' instead. The thing then turned physical, well, kinda-physical.

I let the ball drop. It hit the ground and actually bounced. Though on the second bounce it blew up and took a portion of the ground with it, making me jerk upwards to avoid the ballistic floor pieces.

Ok, cool, delay reaction, I wonder if I could use that and… Ah!

I should erase this barrier. I don't know if the boss is called from time spend inside or the number of monsters killed, but I don't want to find out while I'm without my main tank and DPS.

The world gained color and noise again. I let out a sigh due to the relief I always feel when going back. The cold breeze danced over my slightly sweaty skin.

The sensation was so comfortable that I just sloped down on the bench and relaxed. It was pretty late now, maybe I should get going…

Mp first.

So I let my Mp refill while listening to the night's melody, after hours of magical workout, it was a quite transcendent experience.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Hum!?

The sudden level up was so surprising that I almost jumped to my feet. I still stood from the bench with my guard firmly up. Considering that the last time my spiritual senses leveled was against that satori, I felt somewhat justified.

Spiritual senses basically let me get a feel for the supernatural, but now I'm not feeling anything… Wait…

I closed my eyes and concentrated, trusting the fact that the system wouldn't react without reason. If there was a supernatural event or creature close by, I wanted to know.

There is! It's distant… it's blipping like a— movement. It's moving!

It's not coming towards me, though.

I felt the faint presence in the far distance, so faint I had to keep my eyes closed even when I turned to its rough direction, I felt— and then noticed the direction it was going; upward the park, maybe on the opposite edge of where I was going to the center and up—the temple.

When the presence reached what I assume was the temple's walls, it stopped.

For a few seconds, there was no sound, just a looming wave of silence, like the world was holding its breath.

Then, a giant dome-shaped form shimmered over the horizon; it was so faint I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me. Just as quickly as it appeared, however, it broke.

I choked on air and flinched. A soft guff of wind passed across my body, a shockwave of something inexplicable.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Holy shit!

The supernatural presence was gone. It was completely overpowered by the absolute lighthouse that was the temple itself.

I can't even— I was there, right beside it all this time, and I didn't even realize it!

My mind began formulating an explanation for all of this, it was quite simple; the temple was supernatural, it was hidden by a barrier and so didn't trigger my Spiritual Senses, but then that thing, whatever it was, had taken that barrier down in what was most likely an invasion.

My mind raced on about the possibilities and details of such event. Who are they? What is this temple? How could it hide from my senses? Did they know about me? – All while I recovered to the sensorial overwhelm and got used to the feeling of the temple. It was like the first time I've entered an Illusion Barrier, only instead of having my senses flaring up in every direction, this was a single one with enormous intensity.

The air began carrying the distant sounds of fighting and shouting, and my body was moved before I realized, crossing the park's suspiciously dark walkways until I veered into the wide stairs to the temple.

You have entered the area of influence of the Temple of The Heavenly Oni; all good alignment creatures are blessed while inside its boundaries.

You received the Blessing of the Heavenly Oni!
+ 3 to all attributes.+ 20% to Hp and Mp regeneration
Ok, definitely supernatural!

I closed the popup and pushed past the last few steps towards the temple archway.

The place was downright majestic; with a vast open courtyard of white cobbled stones and a main hall that was just as imposing as it was beautiful, looming over the place, the rest of the buildings were arranged in the usual U formation, and I was sure there was more to see in the back.

The back, where the sounds of fighting were louder, a trail of smoke had made an appearance somewhere along my run, I could already tell most of the action was happening there.

When I was about half of the way through the courtyard, a woman wearing a Miko attire hastily exited the main hall and started running towards the entrance, and by consequence towards me.

I hadn't even had time to blink before the door exploded behind her, and something came out. Something red and blue with hooves for feet's and a bigass pair of horns jutting out from its head.

"MINOTAURON!!" It roared as it projected the horns forwards, the bones extending before anyone could properly react, piercing the Miko's shoulders and making her let out a cry of agony.

I was shocked by the sudden display of violence, but I managed to see something falling from the Miko's arms and letting out a pained shriek as it hit the ground.

I crossed the distance towards it in two seconds, quickly sliding to a stop and gathering the trembling little girl into my arms.

The Miko let out a gasp when the horns piercing her body retreated. Blood gushed from her wounds as she fell to her knees and then to the ground. Reveling the monster standing behind her.

It was like a caricature of a female athlete, most of her body was covered by a thick, red fur, leaving only the area above the shoulders and a triangular patch around her bellybutton free to reveal a brilliant, light blue skin. Her face, crowned by auburn hair and massive horns, was remarkably feminine, save for her eyes, which gleamed with an alien, hard orange light, covering the entire organ in the color. Her lips curled to a bestial smile when she saw me alone with the girl, the skull-like armor around her holders and thighs rattled as she started to walk.

Until something blasted her on the back, making her yelp and snarl back.

"Begone, foul creature!!" Cried an elderly but firmly built priest coming in from the hall with a passé of similarly dressed priests murmuring a loud continuing mantra behind him. "Your kind is not allowed here!"

Saying that he hoisted his prayer beads and joined the procession, his voice adding palpable intensity to the mantra.

The woman creature, which to my increasing dismay, was looking more and more like some kind of cowgirl from hell, glowed from the priests' effort. With my Spiritual senses, but I could feel something gathering over and around her form, exerting an invisible pressure.

But whatever it was, it wasn't enough. The monster growled louder, actually ignoring their efforts to turn towards me, or, more precisely, the little girl.

There was the sound of something cutting the air at high speeds, and then the monster yelped again as a localized explosion blasted her to the side.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

I blinked and caught the sight in the distance. Mikos were pouring from the buildings around us, some clearly injured and bleeding from the early fight. They were rushing to battle positions wielding bows and arrows. The projectiles carried a faint supernatural energy within them, it was not mana, but it felt similar. When set flying, they briefly gained a pink tunnel effect made from that energy, and then exploded on the target.

The volley of arrows was knocking the monster woman back, and it was growing more consistent as more Mikos got into position. Soon there were men and women in traditional clothes running across the courtyard to provide melee support.

It was… impressive, the way they moved with such coordinated efficiency. The mantra got louder, a circle of naginatas as put in place, and the arrows kept raining. They were pushing the monster away from us.

I looked down at the little girl in my arms. She had latched herself on my shirt with a pretty tight grip; I couldn't see much of her, save from a head full of black hair. She looked young; I wouldn't give her more than five.

"Him…Hime-sama…"

I looked up at the sound of the weak voice and immediately felt terrible. All that battle flare and the presence of the monster had made me forget about the dying Miko.

"Pleas… Please, t-take Hime-sama and… run away." The woman managed to wheeze out in a gurgling breath.

The horns probably caught her lungs, shit! I'm not a medic, and this is a bit beyond the first aid kit I keep in my inventory.

"Miko-san, don't speak, um, try to stay awake." I gathered the little girl— the 'hime' apparently— and raised her up, trying to think about something I could do about pierced lungs.

"P-please… Take her…" Her voice was getting weaker.

"Hey!" I shouted to the nearest group of warriors. "I need a healer- a medic, we got a wounded." I turned toward the Miko, holding the girl so she wouldn't see. "Don't worry, Miko-san. The rest are doing a good job. You should focus on staying alive."

"We can't… We can't… Defeat it…"

As soon as she said that, a roar broke through the night, followed by the sudden cries of pain and agony.

I saw people landing on the ground with sickening cracks, I saw the monster woman charge like a bull through the mass of bodies, the oversized horn snapping left and right to strike as many targets as possible. It was injured, clearly so, but the supernatural pressure over her body and the exploding arrows aren't doing enough to slow her down.

New Quest: Stop the villain!
A classic monster of the week is wreaking havoc; stop it by any means necessary!
Rewards:
1.000 exp.
Increases closeness with The Heavenly Oni.
????????????????????????
Failure:
Multiple deaths.
Multiple injuries.
Death
Accept/Refuse.

How the hell that thing could be considered a monster of the week!?

"H-Hurry!... Pl…Please… Sa…save her…" It was amazing how long this woman was holding on.

What she was asking was the best course of action; this girl was clearly important, and the monster was after her, the logical action then would be to put as much distance between them as humanly possible, while everybody else keeps it busy.

But if I do that…
Multiple deaths.
These people will die…

I…

… That's right. The quest wasn't to save the girl anyway, it was to defeat the monster.

Looks like a group of people is circling around the onslaught and coming towards us, finally. I stood up and met them mid-way.

"Here!" I said, pealing the little girl from my shirt and handing her to one of them. "Keep her safe. I'll do something about that thing!"

"Hime!? W-who are you-"

"No time!" I shouted as I turned around. I felt one of them grab the back of my shirt, but I ignored it and kept going, even with their desperate shouts behind me.

I can't wait, the more I wait…

The monster woman was chucking one of the priests to the side when I set off towards her. I've been watching her since the fight started, the way her charged, the simple but effective battering rams she deployed, the way her horns seem to change size and sometimes shape to reach more people. I felt like I was starting to get used to her movements.

Battle eye leveled up!

I ran beside her but not directly behind her, I had to rely on my spiritual senses to dodge the occasional arrow, but they stopped flying as I got closer.

5 meters, 4 meters, 2!

The monster threw her head downwards, aiming the horn towards a fallen Miko when I finally put her at the range of my skill.

"ID CREATE!"

The horn strike broke the coble floor right underneath the now ghostly Miko, whose pale face blinked profusely by the sudden disappearance of the monster that was about to end her life.

"HORA!" I shouted as drew my baseball bat from my inventory like a sword and used my momentum to bring it down the monster's head. Unfortunately, the following vibrations told me she had the time to turn her head slightly around so I'd struck the horn rather than the cranium.

Whatever, I didn't stay to talk, I quickly continued on my way to create some distance.

Once I choose the place to make a stand, I turned fully around and gripped my bat with both hands, facing the rising monster.

… Ah, fuck! I just brought the overleveled thing to a 1v1, didn't I?

I'd better get some bonus exp for this!

There was a tiny, near impossible to hear whimper behind my back… and then I noticed the weight…

Looking back, I met the adorable yet tearful eyes of the temple's hime, who had latched herself on to my back of my shirt like a spider monkey.

"MINON!" The Minotaur woman cried.

… Oh hell.

-0-0-0-​

With a roar, the monster charged towards me.

Yeah, no. I'm with a child, and I ain't Kenpachi; there is no way I'm fighting like this.

My opponent didn't care for the dilemma, of course; she continued her simple but devastating charge forwards, horns going for maximum piercing power.

I waited for her to get close, before lighting up my Mana Bolt. The sudden flash of light blinded her long enough for me to shoot a buffed version of a banishing blast in the middle of her torso, sending her flying backward until she bounced on the top of the Temple's entrance and fell down its long stairs.

Right, bought some time. Time for the smart move.

ID escape failed, disparity between levels is too high.

Fuck! Can't use it with enemies too strong inside the ID. Who designed that!? It's a death trap!

Ok, stop freaking out; you got a little girl that needs you.

I reached back and peeled the little hime away from my shirt, setting her on the ground while crouching in front of her. She immediately went for a hug.

"Now, kid, hey kid, listen to me!" I pushed her away gently but firmly, keeping my hands on her tiny shoulders.

This will probably bite me in the long run, but I sneak a peek of her name. "Ena-chan, right? Ena-chan, I need you to be brave ok." I said slowly, looking into her tearful eyes.

She was scared that much was obvious. Her whole body was trembling, head lowered with eyes firmly on the ground, cheek puffed by her apparent effort to not make a sound.

Angry roars echoed in the distance, making the girl flinch. The monster was coming.

"Did you live in that big house? Answer me, Ena-chan, focus on me." Slowly, she nodded, raising her eyes a little bit. "Have you ever played hide and seek in it?"

The crashing sounds were getting closer; I can imagine the monster breaking the steps of the temple's stair under her hooves as she rose. If we were lucky, the slope would slow her down.

"I want you to go into the house Ena-chan, find the best hiding spot you know of and stay there. When this is over, I'll come find you, ok?"

She gave me a hesitant nod. When she raised her eyes and I could see worry in them, a particular kind of worry that no kid should ever feel ever.

I try to give her a reassuring smile.

"Don't worry about me. Oni-chan here is gonna beat that monster up for sure! Just go. Go!"

Lingering just for a second, she turned away and ran towards the temple's main hall.

I let out a long breath as I rose to my feet. Clenching the handle of my baseball bat hard to stop the shaking. This thing, this situation, is what I trained for.

The monstrous woman roared as she reached the top of the stairs and immediately set off in a mad rush towards me.

She was like a bull in more ways than one. Her movements were direct and straightforward, and for what I've seen she can't really change directions while moving. So, while preparing for the worse, I tried the same strategy again.

She closed one eye as the bright of the Mana Bolt hit her face. To my surprise, her horns twisted and shoot downwards to the ground to act as an anchor in case of a second banishing spell, a worrisome sign of intelligence, but not one I didn't take into consideration.

"GARH!" She cried in surprise and pain as the overcharged Mana Bolt focusing on destruction rather than banishment hit her. Next, my Baseball Bat landed right on her face with all my strength behind it.

"Ah crap!" I cursed as I leaped out of the reach of the hands that had reacted instantly, hopping backward and sidewards to create distance and direct her away from the Main Hall.

Three default Mana Bolts confirmed what I'd discovered; the two that hit barely made her flinch, and the last she actually dodged.

My strength alone isn't enough to damage her, and I had to overcharge my Mana bolt to make her feel something. Most of my normal attacks aren't going to cut it.

"MINON!" She screamed as she charged.

Battle eye leveled up!

This was a very frustrating battle.

The monster herself it's very easy to read, and with the level of my Battle eye skill, I could basically predict her movements to some degree. The biggest problem was the horns, which could shapeshift to a certain extent, thus making its movement hard to read. But I didn't have any efficient way to damage her as overcharged Mana Bolts were heavy on the Mp consumption, and I can't afford to empty my Mp and lose my magic and the ability to focus as a result here.

She charged, I hopped to the right at the last second and delivered a bat to the back of her head. She charged, and I made her pause by lighting my Mana bolt and going in on the offensive for a brief second. She charged, and I managed to land one overcharged Mana bolt. She changed and dodged the next spell I tried.

Battle eye leveled up!

To add insult, the Cowgirl was slowly wising up to my tactics. A battle of attrition where I wore down her remaining Hp wasn't possible anymore. Hell, I'd probably run out of breath sooner than her if this keeps up-

"MINON!"

She twisted her horn in the middle of the charge. I reacted with all I had but only managed to block it with my bat. It still buried in my side and sent me flying.

Shit.

I hit the ground and rolled, pushing through pain to use my bat to stop arrest my momentum, transferring the energy into propping me up- Yep, she's charging, she sure likes doing that.

I used her surprise for seeing me already up and running to send an overcharged Mana Bolt. At this distance she wouldn't be able to— The bitch jumped over it! She actually fucking jumped over it!

Thinking quickly, I shot a banishing Bolt while she was in the air and couldn't dodge, but I had to be fast, so I used the default mode, which only sent her to the other side of the courtyards rather than the other side of the park

My breathing was heavy, my body was uncomfortably hot and covered in sweat, my extremities were tingling due to Mana overuse, and my sides were killing me. But the fact I could move it relatively fine told me nothing was cracked— Also, my bat is fucking bent, fucking great!

I need to find another manner of attack. Because I'm gonna start losing ground soon.

And I was right on my prediction. My Battle eye still apparently also required a bit of Mp… or I was just getting exhausted. In any case it started failing on me. I was lucky the bitch didn't change or innovate her moves too much, but being unable to see the details resulted in a lot more hits getting inside my guard. And when those hits came from a minotaur… well.

I was sent flying again, god knows how many times that happened already. My body felt a giant bruise and my limbs were taking rather noodle-like qualities. I bounced on the broken stone floor and rolled until I hit a wall, spitting blood and a few teeth to the side.

Why the fuck was I fighting again? Shit, I shouldn't have done this. I should have attacked sneakily; that's the winning strategy right there, or better yet; I should have laid low, built up some more… Crap, why aren't I stronger… My game is broken; I should have gotten stronger faster…

I blinked, trying to focus the twin visions into one while I used the wall to push myself back up. Too many hits to the head… crap I had a plan, what was it? New move, maybe? That's why I've managed to coat my baseball bat with my mana; it didn't increase the attack, but it made it sturdier and less likely to break. No, no, something's missing. Just what…

There is nothing like a reminder of your pain to get your mind back on track. I was just pushing myself from the wall when a pair of horns speared both my sides, including my injured one, pinning me in place and making me cry out in agony.

"You' fucking Bitch!" I hissed through bloody teeth, failing to move the huge pieces of bone keeping me in place.

Keeping me in place and keeping her in place too.

I matched her hateful glare with my own. Raising my hand directly over her face and pulling all my Mp left into a desperate attack.

"Let's see how you like this—GARKKK!"

I could feel my everything being slurped by those fucking pieces of bones on my sides.

My energy, I realized. It was taking my energy. Both my Hp and what I still had left of Mp began to drop rapidly. The sensation was horrible, like feeling your blood or your guts, or something else vital spill out to the outside. It was cold traumatic and really fucking infuriating! I think I screamed. I don't know the exact reason though.

"FUCK YOU!" I snarled, forcing my body to move over the horrible sensations and putting my hand back up. If this whore wanted my Mp so badly, then I'm going to give it to her in the most face-blowing way possible.

A pebble hit the bitch's head on the side, doing absolutely nothing other than drawing attention.

There is a child… no, wait; there has always been a child. She was crouching over a crack in the courtyard's floor, on an area close to the main hall's entrance, trying to pick up another pebble that could fit her hand and she could lift. Once found, she brought it up.

"L-Leave him alone!" The girl shouted, throwing the pebble at the monster. It missed.

Like a big cat with a new toy, the Minotaur woman lost all interest she had in me and retreated her horns without finishing me up. With a satisfied "Minon…" It turned and began to stalk towards the girl.

The girl, I told her to hide, I…

I look up, seeing the monster walking towards the defenseless little girl with a sensual sway on her hips, savoring each step. The girl was drawing back, with a few small stones on her arms. She occasionally hurled towards the approaching monster missing most of the time.

This is… again, fuck! I remember. Once fucking again, I'm fucking helpless in the dirt, trying all my might to do something that would bring a miracle.

I surged from my place in the ground, taking three steps forwards before sagging to one knee, my bent bat hanging limp on my side.

Fuck! fuckkkkk! What the fuck I've been doing all this time!? All those quests, all that training, was to keep something exactly like this from ever happening again, to not leave the safety of people around me in the mercy of fucking luck—

…Training.

That's right; I've been training.

Suddenly, or maybe by reacting to a primal desire that wasn't quite a mental command yet, my status screen shows up, displaying the proud number 9 that I fought and bleed for besides my level, each of my cultivated attributes below, and finally, the points I had available.

90.

I'm so fucking stupid.

With laughter that was a bit too unhinged for polite society, I distributed my points. If I had the time or the right mind, I might have stopped to carefully consider my choices. But as I was now, I mostly went with what my instincts told me and greedily pushed +30 points to my primary physical attributes, bringing all of them to a healthy +40 numbers.

… I didn't run; I soared across the field. My bent baseball bat made supernaturally sturdy by the coat of raw mana crashed on the back of the monster head and drove her to the ground.

"HORA!"

Take that BITCH! Time and time again of shrugging off my attacks, making a mockery of all my struggle to the point for not even bothering to avoid them by the end. Now you feel it hãh!?

Her horns had sunk into the cobles while her face was flattened against the ground. Her arms moved in an effort to push herself up.

She can keep dreaming!

I threw my bat up, feeling my back arch like a springboard, gathering every ounce of strength I had in preparation to bring it down.

"HORA! HORA!"

The impacts almost boomed, and the bitch definitely felt it by the gasp she let out, her whole body flinching for the sharp pain on her back.

Pain? Let what she caused to all those people!?

"HORA! HORA! HORA!"

"g-GAH!"

Oh so she can vocalize something other than her own stupid name like a fucking pokemon, I suppose she can give me her sad backstory now, and maybe the reason she tried to kidnap a little girl!

The cobbles exploded as one of her horns surged, twisting backward in an awkward angle—

"HORA!"

I broke through them, her unmovable horns that have been battering me this entire fight; her biggest defense and deadliest weapon. Not anymore.

I can fucking win this!

"HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA! HORA!"

Blunt weapon mastery leveled up!

Blunt weapon mastery leveled up!

Blunt weapon mastery leveled up!

New skill created: Club Mastery lvl 01.

Club Mastery leveled up!

I don't know long how long I stood there hammering my baseball bat into her form. I only stopped after my Mp ran out after the fragile coat of mana had frizzled out from my bat and it started to bend more and creak under the weight of the impacts, after my arms lost all strength and limped to my sides, my abused weapon dropping on to the floor.

The woman was a bloody mass of bruises and exposed bones by the time I finished. She couldn't do more than twitch and gurgle in her own blood. The force of the hits had dug a silhouette-eque crater of her form into the stones below, forming a large spiderweb of deep cracks that spread for meters from the center.

"C-Cleansing!" She croaked out to my surprise, I almost made to attack her again, but she busts in black flames before I could try.

Oh… ok.

Quest completed:
+ 1.000 exp.
Your closeness with The Heavenly Oni has increased
The Heavenly Oni has taken an interest in you
Bonus objective fulfilled: No deaths, a hero that strives saves everyone.
+ 500 exp.
Your closeness with The Heavenly Oni has increased
Bonus objective fulfilled: No matter what you do, save the loli!
+ 500 exp
???????????????????????
???????????????????????
Ah, what a long stream of messages. The hell's the heavenly oni though?

The world tilted as my legs sagged beneath me, dropping my ass on the floor.

I just got to… catch my breaths a little bit.

"… A-Ano?"

"Hum?" I looked to my side and— oh yeah, the kid.

"A-Are you ok, oni-chan?" She asked with a hesitant voice.

"Yeah." I croaked. Shit, my face was all blood and grime, not exactly the reassuring kind.

I wiped the best I could on my sleeves. When I look back, the girl has drawing her arms upon herself, looking unsure of what to do.

Ah… I didn't know what to say either.

"…Thank you." I decided.

"H-Hum?" She lifted her head.

"That rock. If you hadn't distracted her back then I'd be in a lot of trouble. You saved my life."

"Oh. Um, y-you're welcome."

Nodding at her, I closed my eyes, intending to take just a few minutes to refill my energies in this quiet, empty world. A second later, I felt the girl sitting at my side.

Then, to my surprise, she giggled.

"Oni-chan. You beat her up!"

… I smiled, it was not a pretty one as I was missing a few teeth, but it was the thought that counted.

"I sure did."

Title gained: Shounen Protector.
+ 3 to Str, Dex, End, Agi, Int, Wis, + 30 to Cha, Bonus to attacks and defense, and increase in exp gain when protecting someone. Double all effects when risking your life doing so.

-0-0-0-​

My version of the Gamer might not be as broken as others, but there are some things about it that I love. Hp refilling and its relation to real wounds was one of them.

Broken bones popped back in place, swelling shrunk to non-existence, bloody cuts and purple bruises disappeared. My body could simply put itself back together by the mere act of resting.

It actually took less time to refill my way larger Hp bar than before. This was due to the bonus on Hp recovery that the monstrous jump of my physical attributes had provided me. Now my Hp recovery was comparable to my Mp's, which had been enhanced from the start due to my reincarnation trait. So if we count that, I'm actually a pretty well-balanced person now in relation to my status screen. Excerpt for Dex, really got to put that up to speed.

I felt a little giggly at this; by the level of strength I'd displayed early and the speed I'd managed to run, it seems I'm finally on my way to catch up to my martial artist friend. I can't wait to show him that I can crack concrete too now.

The only thing left from my early ordeal was phantom sensations and bloody clothes. I still want to crawl into a bed and sleep until the next ice age, but I don't feel I'm about to pass out at any moment anymore.

Better get the girl back home, the ghosts were getting pretty hectic.

"Ena!" I called her.

It was impressive how much the girl changed attitude in so little time. I'd figure she'd be a polite and sheltered hime type, having born in a large and mysterious temple and all. But as time passed and she got more relaxed around me, she started acting… well, like a kid really; curious, full of energy, not afraid to ask questions and explore. She was a bit too polite for a kid of her age, but beyond that, I wouldn't be able to pick her among a busy playground.

Currently, she was walking around the courtyard, jumping over the cracks, following the ghosts around, and occasionally trying to balance my broken baseball bat in her tiny hands while shouting 'Hora!'. That last one did things to my heart.

She responded to the call immediately, running towards me while carrying my bat, the tip bumping on the ground as she moved.

Come to think of it; this was the first time I had a good look at her. Without crazy cow women and head injuries, that is.

She was tiny, but not small enough to be a toddler; I'm still maintaining my early guess of four or five, though it was most likely four. Her light blue yukata was dirty with grime and had a few tears here and there, but that has to be expected. She had a cute, round face with shoulder-length black hair styled in a neat hime-cut. Now, her eyes would raise a few eyebrows; they were of a captivating hazel color so dark that seems to shine red under certain lights — all and all a pretty normal kid.

The word floating above her head, though… gave me a hint about the reason why that minotaur woman was trying to take her.

Seishuuin Ena
Direct descended of the Amaterasu's bloodline.
Level 01

…T-That's a pretty scary-sounding title right there.

I don't want to think about the implication of that right now, in fact, it's better that I stay clear from anything with the name of the freaking Japanese sun goddess… Oh, fuck what in the world I get myself into?

"Oni-chan?" Asked little Ena with a cute tilt of her head.

"Right! Right, sorry. It's time—" Wait, Seishuuin Ena? Where have I heard this name?... I shook my head and focused on the now. "I gonna get you home now, Ena-chan."

"Oh, ok." The girl dutifully stepped beside me and took my hand, ready to be led back home.

So cute.

Before I could do anything, however, there was a thump of power.

Now what!?

A single, Ofuda talisman appeared suspended in the air in the middle of the courtyard. Four green lines shoot from its edges, crawling forwards before separating to twist and turn on new directions. Four more Ofudas appeared in a cardinal formation around the first, each productizing their own green lines that joined with the previous ones to take form and shape.

My eyes widened as they drew a geometric magical circle in the air. It's magic; it's gotta be—

The circle pulsed in a flash of light so bright it forced me to use my hand to protect my eyes. When it was over, and I blinked away the white dots. I saw a woman standing in the place where the circle was a second ago. Her Miko uniform and whip-like ponytail billowing on leftover energy her entrance produced.

My eyes met her green ones, and they pierced me like a spear.

New skill created: Detect Killing Intent lvl 01.

Thanks gamer, I sure as hell wouldn't have realized without you telling me. It's not like I had a flash of her ripping my heart out or anything!

"Kan!" She declared loudly, her voice ringing across the place like a church bell. "Jin! Zai! Bo! Sa! Gyo! Jin! Han! Nya! Ha! Ra!"

With each bellowing chant, she takes a step forward. Her words shaking the air itself like a blazing sun in the desert. I could literally see the light bending and trembling and rolling into itself like it was building something up. And it was, somewhere inside my mind I knew that. I could feel it with my supernatural senses. It was like watching a tsunami in the distance.

"Do! Sai! Yaku!!" She finished by circling her hands before her chest and pushing.

The whole world converged towards me.

… And passed through my form harmlessly… In fact, it was even… invigorating. The only reason I stepped back was because my legs were tense enough to snap in the first place, it was like the push of small wave on the beach.

"… Hah?" I mumbled, confused about the whole thing… then I noticed I could move again, and the woman was letting a relieved sigh.

So that was like a… purification shot? Like shining sunlight on a guy to check if he's a vampire?

"MAMA!" Ena suddenly shouted and rushed towards the woman.

"Oh, Ena!"

I blinked at the sight of the two meeting in a hug… yeah, ok, that makes sense, I've seen enough anime to accept this chain of events. Still… This woman just invaded my Illusion Barrier. I didn't even know this was possible!

As I got closer, I got this mysterious woman's name.

Seishuuin Shiori
Warder of The Heavenly Oni.
Level: ???

Second person whose level I can't see, eh? She is strong, that much it's obvious.

I respectfully stand to the side while mother and daughter finished their emotional meeting. In the end, the woman turned toward me.

"I heard of what'd happened from the others, but now I can see the full picture. Thank you very much for your assistance during this crisis." The woman bowed her head gracefully. "I am Seishuuin Shiori, the Jōkai Miko of this temple."

The Japanese part of my brain reacted to the bow, while I tried to keep my eyes forward and exclusively on her face. "I'm Ōe Hiroshi, Miko-sama, it's an honor."

She was the second person whose level I can't see, and just like the first one, she got a pair of mammoth-sized breasts that were very hard to not notice, and that's with a Miko uniform, which, despite the fetishes, were designed to be fairly modest.

Is this a trend? Are all huge-titted women badasses around here? I'm not complaining mind you. It's just something else to watch out for.

"What happened to the Ushi'onna?" She asked, hopefully not noticing my dipping eyes.

Ushi- Oh, cow woman.

I jutted my thumb backward; the place where the monster died still had a few black flames on it, though calling it flames was a bit of a stretch; they didn't produce any noise or heat, and the wind didn't affect them like they should. It was more like an illusion of flames really

The Seishuuin matriarch nodded, "Were you able to discern her species? Was she a Yokai, or perhaps an Akuma?" Her eyes flashed with a calculating light as she continued. "I don't want to imagine she was a demon from Makai, but by the way this night's unveiling it might very well be. So?"

… Yeah, talk about being caught unprepared. Yokai, Akuma, demons, as far as I knew, these words were synonyms, with 'Yokai' being the odd one out depending on the context. But she'd said it like they were all different things, and worse, considering the clusterfuck that would result in a mixture of the world of Taimanin and Ranma ½; that may very well be true.

As for now… I don't know her, so I don't want her realizing how much I do and don't know…

"I don't know what she was, and wasn't able to figure it out either, sorry." I answered with a half-truth; I'd managed to figure out she was a 'Cardian,' but I had no idea what that was.

The high-ranking Miko's green eyes gleamed. "Do you know the difference?"

What the… Crap, she's sharp!

Fortunately, she didn't press the subject. She just nodded and gestured to the area behind her, where my supernatural senses were picking a swirl of leftover energy from her invasion.

"I'll open another gate, please young man, take my daughter with you and leave this place."

"I can do that," I said, scratching the back of my head. Was going to do that anyway. "What about you."

"I must stay here—"

"What!? NO!" Ena cried out immediately.

"Shush child! You know… You know what my duties are."

"But you just came back! You can't be leaving again!" The girl protested while weakly shaking her mother's robes.

The woman sighed, casting a look upwards to the grayed-out skies and dark moon. "It can't be helped, Ena. I can't let this Ōmagatoki fester no matter how… odd it is. If let alone, it will draw Yokais and evil spirits that could threaten the safety of the innocent. I must purify it!"

"But… It's not FAIR!"

Meanwhile, I was pondering on the Woman's last sentence. She'd said Ōmagatoki, a word that I didn't even know existed. But the way she'd said it… It was like she was speaking about my Illusion Barrier.

And… it makes sense. I already knew natural Illusion Barriers existed; I almost died inside one during my first day of school, after all. It wouldn't be strange for other people, especially if they were some kind of a supernatural group, to find out about and even call them by a different name. But I couldn't help but notice she was implying that she would have to stay here a long time to, in her words, purify it.

Did she mean erase it; hell, I can do that with… oh.

Another one of the gamer conveniences then, better to keep it close to my chest for now.

"No, mama, no, please! please!!"

"Oh, child…"

Ena began to cry.

…

… Fuck.

"Miko-sama," I said, the Japanese part of my brain demanding I be respectful to the religious figure. "I can help you with that."

She spares me some of her attention, most were still on her weeping daughter.

"This is my burden to bear, getting my daughter to safety is—"

I snapped my fingers. Practiced had me doing pretty loudly. The motion carried my ID Erase skill behind it, though the act was mostly for flare and to show up to Ranma.

The entire world around us bulked and then broke down.

Not gonna lie, seeing this sexy Miko who quickly established herself as a badass to my eyes, gawking dumbly at me was pretty satisfying.

"Hime-sama—

"EHH! Seishuuin-sama too!?"

"Make way! make way!"

The thick crowd of priests and Mikos around us instantly lost their spectral appearance. The sudden appearance of their precious 'Hime' and their leader was met with joyful surprise and a rush of movement; most couldn't help but gather around them to express their relief.

Good, because this mass of moving bodies was just what I need to slip away unseen.

-0-0-0-​

Course, one thing I hadn't taken on consideration was the fact that Seishuuin Shiori was a magical Miko whose level was high enough that I couldn't even read. So when I managed to make my way down the stairs and through the park, I found the woman sitting on a stone near the exit, waiting for me.

"That was most rude of you, young man, sneaking away like that." She said with an air of good-naturedly sternness that only a mother could do. No trace of the early shock left.

"Ah." Crap, what can I say? "Sorry? It was pretty crowded there, didn't want to get involved."

Cool greens eyes shimmered in the dark. "But you don't hesitate to get involved when others are in danger."

"Just trying to help."

"You did more than that." She got up from the stone and stepped close to me, so close I almost took a step back reflexively. "You are new." She said.

"Hum?" Was my dumb response. Do you know how hard it is to steer a teenager's brain away from lewd thoughts about the milf whose uniform is barely able to contain her bust? Very.

"Our side of the world… You've come to your powers fairly recently, maybe you encounter something that shouldn't exist or was able to do something incredible at a time of great need, or perhaps you simply wake up different." Her lips curled a bit. "Am I right?"

I let out a breath, finally winning against my hormones and raising my guard. "If you were, where does it place us?"

She let out a little laughter. "Right here, silly. So tense!"

I watched her take a business card from her sleeves; she handled it to me with both hands.

"This is an agency dedicated to helping people like you. Call them; set up a meeting with their representative, they can get you up to speed with the world you're teetering into. No strings attached."

Yeah… years of reading fiction and general common sense made me doubt that last part…

I sighed; maybe I was being a little bit too suspicions.

"Thank you," I said, taking the card.

"And of course, you can always come back to the temple. I'll receive you myself and will be more than happy to inform you about what you need to now. You are welcome here anytime." She smiled. "In fact. I insist."

I nodded. "I will think about it."

"My," She placed a hand on her cheek and tilted her head. "You don't need to be so guarded, you now?"

I open my mouth to respond. But then she slid close to me in a fluid movement. Her soft, curvaceous body molded to my side, the smell of lavender assaulted my senses, and a heated gush of air made contact to the skin of my neck. Before I could properly flinch, a pair of warm, cushioned lips planted a kiss on my cheek, very close to the corner of my mouth.

"Thank you for saving my daughter." She whispered.

And just like that, she was gone. And I don't mean with a blink or a blur; just… one moment she was pressed against me, and the next I was alone, my heart pumping on my chest, and my cheek warm and twitching.

Fucking… Sexy… distracting milf!

I shook my head; fuck, I caught her attention, didn't I? Knew I should have kept that last stunt to myself.

Well, no use crying over it now. Getting noticed by the supernatural scene was just a matter of time. At least I've managed to make a good impression. I mean, saving most of their people and rescuing the daughter of their leader who just happens to be from a divine lineage got to count for something, right?

Before I started my long walk towards my bed, I took a peek of the business card she showed me.

…

… I'm sure I heard the name 'History Compilation Committee' somewhere before, but I can't for the life of me remember where.

Ah, fuck it! I'm tired, hungry, dirty, and, because of that milf Miko's stunt, horny. I should just go to bed and worry about that tomorrow.

So I slid the card and my hand on my pockets and wandered off into the night.



A/N: Shout out to RFMM for introducing the oumagatoki concept a while back, it's perfect for what I needed.

Here is a pic of Minotauron for reference:

Spoiler: Minotauron

And here is one for Seishuuin Shiori for a more fun reference:

Spoiler: The milf Miko.

Tomorrow I'll drop a extra threadmark with the current stats and skill is someone is interested.

It's over? It's over. now... Lewds...

*Snaps a elastic glove up to the elbow.*

"ASS UP MUSE!"

"Yes, Daddy~"
Last edited: Oct 23, 2021
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, SwaffleWaffle, HiddenBlade94 and 1,311 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 14, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 05, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 17, 2020
Add bookmark
#930
Chapter 05 part 2






I woke up to the faint smell of blood and the tingling of my supernatural senses.

Truly, when it rains in Nerima, it pours. After a night of fighting cow monsters to almost death, saving innocent himes, meeting sexy mikos only to suddenly realize that this world had not one, not two, but three anime settings running simultaneously when I got home. I only wanted a good night of sleep to prepare myself for whatever craziness this city would throw at me in the morning, but Nah, let's interrupt his precious sleep with another pile of bullshit for him to deal with.

Discreetly peeling my eyes open didn't reveal much, only that the invader had entered by the balcony and left the slide glass door half-open, so the cold night air was ruffling the partially drawn curtains and letting some of the silvery moonshine in. There isn't much space in my apartment, so it must mean that the invader had sneaked over my sleeping form in the middle and made their way to my kitchenette. However, my way-more-sensitive-then-before spiritual senses disagreed with that ascertainment and told me that the invader was right at my side.

Nerve-wracking... if I didn't have the ability to escape via pocket dimension, or if I wasn't riding in the high of having flattened a literal monster through the floor.

I stayed lying on my side with my back towards them, keeping my breath on a steady rhythm and my body relaxed, yet ready to bolt at the slightest hint of suspicious movement, or killing intent. But what I felt instead was a gust of warm breath close to my face, and a feeble touch on my cheek.

Yeah, no, enough with this shit. I decided as I snapped my eye open.

Uehara Rin's face froze on top of mine. She didn't squeak timidly, or drew back, nor did she turn into a stuttering mess. She just stopped her movements on a level so deep that it made her seem like a statue.

… I almost forgot how absurdly gorgeous she looked up close. This was the second time I managed to catch a glimpse of her face directly, and it was by far the most memorable one; she was so close she literally overtook most of my vision.

My thoughts about intruders come to an utter halt, instead came relief and frustration.

What was she doing coming back like that? What's she doing here?

I shifted to my back slowly. Some part of my mind had remembered I was dealing with a slippery ninja who had no qualms on disappearing on me, so I moved slowly to fully face her unmoving form and tried to keep my voice even as I spoke.

"Uehara-san, what are you doing?"

A soft gust of cold wind from the side dragged some of her lightning-shaped bangs over my skin. Light gleamed in her hazel eyes, and her fingers retreated gingerly. This was not the Uehara I've grown accustomed to; this was the Uehara from when I first met her, the cool, collected one.

"This one humbly apologizes for disturbing your sleep, Ōe-sama." She spoke in a low tone. "As for my reasons; this one was going to erase the tracking spell placed on that region."

Her warm breath draped across my skin. I could see the captivating way light danced over her lips… wait what!?

I jerked upward, Uehara neatly sliding out of the way as I suddenly sat on my futon, a hand going to my cheek.

"Tracking spell!? What tranking spell!?" My thoughts raced. Someone had put a spell on me!? When!? I was petty sure that— Wait the Miko!? I snapped my head to the Taimanin kneeling at my side. "Are you sure? How do you kn…know?..."

Now, I'd known since the beginning that Uehara Rin was a Taimanin, and I also know that Taimanins are basically hentai ninjas, so their uniform usually… always consisted of some variation of a skintight bodysuit, presumably to allow for fast movements and help with stealth, but in actuality to give the viewers a good look of their curves. This knowledge didn't help me at all to deal with the sight of Uehara Rin in her taimanin uniform.

It wasn't a bodysuit; it was if the designer had a look at her body and declared that it's a crime to hide such thing for more than the necessary, so they gave her a freaking leotard. No, worse than a leotard, a leotard would at least attempt to cover her sides, this one didn't, it was just a vertical strip of seemly latex rising up her abdomen while leaving her wide hips, narrow waist, and the sides of her trim belly completely naked. And when it got to her chest, where the leotard actually tried to do the job it had neglected until now, someone had designed an honest to god boob window, one that leaves her enormous bust more bare than covered.

It was, frankly, a genius outfit for eroticism, given that I can personally attest that it made her look better than she would naked, a challenging task. But it was a complete disaster for a ninja that's supposed to fulfill dangerous missions in rape demon-infested territories. I mean, that's just tempting fate!

The teenager part of my brain promptly forced all available mental power to focus on this wondrous visage, derailing everything else.

"Ōe-sama, this one had been trained in the basics of the arcane arts, a spell of this level is within this one's capabilities to erase." She explained dutifully.

By that point, the adult part of my brain was winning against the more hormonal one— I was getting better at this— when I noticed something else on her…

Her outfit, as tiny as it was, was ragged.

The metal protection on her arms and legs held deep scars in the metal and dry blood over them, the latex of her outfit was torn and worn out to the point that some parts were barely holding on, and all over the many naked parts of her body were cuts and purple bruises. They were shallow, many not deep enough to draw blood, but there were so many it added on to make a grim picture.

The faint smell of blood...

"What happened to you, Rin?"

There was a short, quiet hiccup in her breath, but few changed in her neutral expression.

She only spoke after a few seconds. "…Ōe-sama… This one was repenting for her gross mistake that had threatened your health. No enemy shall bother you again."

My shoulders sagged a bit. I'm relieved to know she wasn't captured. But about what she'd said.

"Uehara-"

"Rin."

I clicked my mouth close in surprise, yet she just stared ahead that like she wasn't just interrupted me. It was the very first breach of politeness she'd made in my presence.

"Rin… You…"

What was to say? You didn't need to do that? They were rape demons, of course she had. Even though I don't know what she'd faced that required her to disappear for five days and come back bruised and bloodied…

Then, a line of inquiry came to me. "You're a ninja."

It might sound dumb, but it was important, we actually didn't reveal anything substantial about each other when we last talked, so for her to be here now in full taimanin gear was quite odd, and definitely threaten the secrets she tried to hide.

She didn't answer, but I'd expected that.

… I decided to continue to 'deduce' things.

"Your clothes and your weapons." I dropped my eyes to the weapons she had on her belt-like straps. There were two sword guards without blades that I'm sure worked for her, some kunais, unknown pouches, and the shurikens were unmistakable. She didn't react to my gaze or tried to hide them from it. "Are similar to the ninjas of old."

I shifted myself to better stare into her unmoving eyes.

"That thing we met, I couldn't see much of it, but I had time to look up a few things. It looked like an Orc, like some video games. You had a mission to hunt them down, maybe given by a contractor or someone you swore loyalty to." I licked my lips. "But you failed, or one escaped your notice, leading to the ambush of a few days ago, which clearly failed. And now you finally finished the job."

The room became darker, likely a cloud passing over the moon. The Taimanin's eyes gleamed like two tiny points in the darkness while a shroud of shadows covered her form. It was a… surprisingly scary sight.

Yet I didn't feel threatened, maybe it was my new sensitivity to killing intent or she was just that good. But at no point, I felt she wouldn't hurt me.

"Ōe-sama..." She began slowly as if waiting for the light to go back over her form again. "Ōe-sama has a very creative imagination and very vivid dreams. This one is impressed."

Translation, you hit bull's eye at everything, but I can't tell you that.

"I see, I supposed I would be meeting you in the morning then." I let out a breath and continued on to the vital question. "Uehar…Rin, why are you here now?"

She didn't answer, but it wasn't the calm silence from before. This time it felt slightly different… like she had clamped down. The soft twitch in her expression was proof enough.

That's the thing; Uehara was a taimanin, and she clearly wasn't allowed to tell me about it. Yet we are here now, talking. She's a badass ninja whose level I can't even see; I have little doubt she was capable of stalking around my apartment unnoticed, or failing that, putting me to sleep or knocking me unconscious before I had a proper look at who it was.

This conversation we're having doesn't make sense unless she wanted me to see her… or there is something else.

And my spiritual senses were pointing in that direction because now I'm sensitive enough to see the difference: it wasn't Rin that had triggered my senses; it was something clinging to her.

"You were hit by a spell." I guessed, and her shoulders hitched. Lucky guess? "I can feel it a bit, now."

"Ōe-sama's progress is outstanding." She commented, falling back to her calm facade.

I sweep the blanket away from my waist after I judged things to be sufficiently under control there, and shift my body to face the Taimanin directly.

"Don't…" She mumbles in an almost inaudible tone.

"Hum?" I look up at her, now facing her completely. Then, I frowned.

"Tell me what's happening…Rin." I said, now firmly.

Her throat moved as she made to swallow, even though her face remained the same. Only now, I noticed that her skin was gleaming more than usual; she was slightly sweaty.

"Thr… Three…" She began, but her voice faltered for the first time. She restarted. "This one has been hit by three different stimulation spells and has been injected with a substance that her body was not able to fully purge yet."

…

O-Ok… and considering she is a taimanin, and she regularly deals with...

I leaned forward for a bit, "Are you ok?"

"Ōe-sama!"

I flinched back, startled by the sudden outburst.

She still held the same position, but now she was notably breaking down while on it. Her fingers were curling into a fist over her thighs, her shoulders were trembling, and her hair was now shadowing her eyes. There was a noticeable smell of ozone in the air.

"Please, please don't move, don't get close. This one…" She raises her face a little, where were tears in her eyes, and her nose was now spotting a pretty large flush. "This one is barely holding herself!"

New Quest: A Taimanin's Good End.
Uehara Rin has just come back from her roaring rampage of revenge and now needs a helping hand with a common Taimanin problem; luckily, you just so happen to have the right tool for the job! So get to it!
Reward:
+ 100 exp.
Vastly increase closeness with Uehara Rin.
Uehara Rin's personal kunoichi vow.
Failure:
Decrease closeness with Uehara Rin.
Dumb Shounen Protagonist Title.
Accept/Refuse.

I didn't even read the description of the quest, just accepted it as a means to get it out of my face because I had more important shit to worry about!

Now, there are a few ways one could react to what she told me, to what she implied. A typical teenager would probably become a nervous wreck and either jump at the opportunity or become too afraid to take the next step. Luckily, I wasn't a simple teenager, so I managed to keep my head together, even if my smaller one had bulged out considerably by the implications alone.

My thoughts raced, she'd said she's being affected by several factors that were increasing her lust, yet she was here right now, despite having many other means to take care of it, and her word let little doubt as to why.

I… relaxed, a layer of tension I didn't even realize I had melting away from my shoulders. My lips curled as I decided to trust the game messages about our closeness and set off to the next course of action.

"Barely holding herself… from what?" I said in a low tone.

Rin didn't notice any change. She just continued trembling. Her head shook softly, throwing her lighting bangs from side to side.

"This one can't help herself… This one can't steer her thoughts away from…" Her teeth rasped against her lips. Her breathing got heavier. I, myself, felt a jolt of excitement; just seeming this perfect Yamato Nadeshiko slowly come apart was oddly alluring.

Her following statement came after two brief stutters. It was more like she was yanking out from herself or like she couldn't keep holding in anymore.

"This one is holding herself from taking advantage of you."

'Take advantage' how prude. Even in this state, she can't help but be polite and adorable.

"Ah!" The Taimanin's shoulders jerked slightly, the sound that came from her mouth was more of a squeak than a gasp, and it contrasted wonderfully to the serene image she'd tried to convey. She blinked down to see what caused the reaction and saw my finger tapping the middle of her latex-clad tight. It was nothing suggestive, just a simple touch to bring attention to how close we now are. Her eyes got wide; it seems she didn't even notice my approach.

"That's impossible, Rin," I said to her flushed expression. "You can't take advantage of me I'm the one initiating…"

And so I casually crossed the last distance between us and laid my lips upon hers.

It was a chaste thing, just pressing our lips together. But there is something about the softness, the warm, the musky smell… that made it very intimate. Rin certainly felt it too by the way she shivered under my touch.

"Ōe-sama?" She mumbled when I gave her an inch of separation, I gladly took advantage of that to press on again, this time deeper, teasing those plump, glossy lips with the tip of my tongue. "Ōe-sama." She mumbled against my lips. "Ōe-sama, Ōe-sama, Ōe-sama!"

And that was the moment the dam broke.

Uehara Rin lunges into my embrace, the sudden shift of weight throwing me onto my ass. Her hot, voluptuous body pressed over mine. Our kiss went from slow and calm to deep and hungry. I tried to match her intensity as she plunges her tongue into my mouth.

Her arms circled around my back, her fingers clawed the fabric of my tank top, and her body shook and jerked by the rhythm of our messy kiss. Her enormous breasts squeezed tightly against my now much harder muscles as she kept dragging herself up and down to maximize contact.

My back hit the floor when our cores pushed together, her thighs closing around my very visible bulge while a burning mold pressed itself over it. She practically purred at my throat as the sensation traversed her entire body.

Might have underestimated how pent up she was.

"Ōe-sama." She whined as she finally pulls away, a trail of drool connecting our lips. "Sorry, Ōe-sama." She kept her hazy eyes locked on mine while her hand slid between our bodies, going down the definitions of my torso. "This one can't wait any longer!"

Her hand slid beneath the elastic band of my pajama pants and fished my dick out; its head immediately sprang to the air higher than she expected, hitting her molten core above. The contact made us both moan and stiffened her body so much that her upper torso fell over me, squashing my chest under the softness of her breasts.

"Ah!... I-Impressive." She fumbled with my member, trying to direct it to her entrance, but only managed to pump my shaft while clumsily massaging the head of my dick against her still latex-covered mound. It felt amazing to me, but to her extra-sensitive self was on another level. Her wide hips visibly bucked with each touch, forcing more and more desperate contact but no penetration. Each jolt of pleasure made her clumsier, so it was becoming difficult for her to get it done.

"Needs help?" I half breathed half chuckled into her ears. Making her let out a needy groan into my neck.

"Please!"

I passed my hands over her sides, making sure to yank as many frustrated groans as possible on my way down. Soon, I joined hers over stabilize my dick, while sliding the other on over her soft, oh so very soft folds between her legs, causing a shriek to break out from her throat and her hips to raise high. At that moment, there was nothing I wanted more than to finger and play around with that wet plumpness. But I understand what my woman needed, and so I just pushed the drenched latex to the side, exposing her drooling quim to the night air.

"Oh! This is it!" Her upper body jerked up suddenly as my swollen head finally met her naked entrance; it was so moistened that it immediately slid a few centimeters in. "This is it! This is it! Yes! Yes!" She pushed herself up while her slender back arched to place her hips into position, and then she pressed herself down.

"Ohhhhhhhh!!!"

I barely registered her throaty moan, too busy dealing with my own sensations. Her tight, little tunnel stretched and spread around my length, squeezing me so hard it was like she was trying to make me part of her. Our hips met in a wet slap a second later. The act had produced jolts of numbing pleasure that practically forced my hips to buck.

Like, literal, real, jolts!

"Ōe-sama!" Rin threw her head backward until I couldn't see her face, her hands dropping over my legs as she leaned back, her mountainous breasts arching over the horizon.

The constant movements of her quivering walls alone were mindboggling enough, but then she began to sway her hips from side to side while trying to keep as much as myself within her as possible. Making my length shift and grind her insides over and over.

I was twitching; I only realized after I tried to reach those bouncing tits with a hand but found myself unable to move my arm properly. Before I could think, however, Rin shifted again, throwing her weight forward this time while her hands fell over my pectoral to steady herself.

"Ōe-sama! Ōe-sama! You're impaling this one so deeply!" Her eyes were lost in a mist of lust; there was a trail of drool dripping from the corner of her mouth while she smiled a happy, drunken smile. It was like seeing a mixture of the two Ueraha Rin I've met coming together as one.

I felt her raise her hips, exposing some of my drenched length to the coldness of the night. Then she slapped her hips down again.

Her joyful squeal happened in the background of my mind. Most were lost in the buzzing pleasure that seems to shook across my whole form.

"W-What the-" I mumbled, before groaning at the massage this tight little pussy gave me while it rose. Then it came down again and made the whole world go white.

New Skill Created: Elemental Resistance: Electricity lvl 01.
Increases your natural resistance against electricity, decrease the harmful effects of electrical currents, take less damage from electrical attacks.

I pull up a breath, feeling the world come back to its senses. My lower side was numb, save to the waves of pleasure that those crashing hips were causing. The rest was aching, twitching, and tingling with a combination of pain and pleasure. The smell of female arousal and ozone was thick in the air.

Rin was chanting my name as she brought her hips up and down, again and again, her head and long hair bobbing with the movement with eyes full and unseeing. Her whole body was sweating madly now, dropped flew out as those gigantic breasts bounced up and down, now free from their early confinement. And they were also… sparkling.

Shit, the drug! It made her lose control.

Elemental Resistance: Electricity leveled up!

Some distinctive sensations shoot back from my groin, and I groaned as I felt the constantly quivering tightness going up and down my dick while leaving behind jolts of energy that exploded in sensations that couldn't be described. I don't even know how I didn't cum yet.

Or I did and didn't remember.

I grunted, closing my hands to test out the control I had over my limbs, finding it good enough. I wrapped my fingers around one of Rin's arm and pulled her down. She went with a happy mewl.

After a few testing bucks of my hips which nearly blank out my mind again, I finally manage to roll us over, placing the out of control Taimanin beneath me.

I pushed my face against the vast softness of her breast, catching one of the large pink nipples into my mouth while sinking my fingers on the leftover breast and firmly gripping the malleable flesh. Rin cried and jolted under me, seetting my nerves on fire.

Elemental Resistance: Electricity leveled up!

With more feeling back and the ability to now withstand the currents that were locking my muscles before. I drew my length back and forcefully pushed back in, starting to piston in and out of the ninja girl in an attempt to quell her fire… well… lighting.

Rin howled as our hips slammed together, producing arcs of electricity that bounced across the room. I felt my eyes tear up from the explosion of sensation, but pushed past it and continued to hammer down her increasing sparkling core.

Elemental Resistance: Electricity leveled up!

"Oh! Oh! OH! Oh! Oh!" The capability to form coherent words had long since escaped her, leaving her vocabulary limited by loving repletion of my name and basic sounds of ecstasy.

But I could feel the muscles of her abdomen tightening, her inner tunnel trembling around my constant invasion, and the volume of her voice increasing. She was getting closer.

Electricity was arcing freely now, illuminating the room with flashes of indigo light. Her spread legs shook under my movements, having long since opened to give me complete access to her sex. Loud, meaty slaps echoed as our hips met each other with ever-growing ferocity, the sizable ass beneath all acting almost as a cushion to prop her pussy up against my ramming hips. It was easy to fuck Ueraha Rin; the act felt natural and right, the more I did, the more I wanted to keep going. Like this woman has made to be fucked.

"OH! OhHHh! Ōe-sama! ŌE-sama! This ONE isss GUUU!!!!!"

Her walls clamped down over my pulsing length, locking myself in her deepest parts. The current that was becoming easy to ignore came back in full force. It would have made me arch my back if two slender arms hadn't circled around my head and kept it on the valley of her breast like it belonged there.

I felt her bucking and writhing underneath me; her legs strong were enough to push both of us off the ground as they curled. After a single, infinite moment of tension, a pulse was projected outward and she unraveled around me, loudly squirting her liquid arousal around my crouch until it dripped from my balls and ran down my legs. All while her pussy greedily drank from my own essence that was being spurted deep inside in long, thick cords of white.

"GRAHHH!" Was the final note from her previously noiseless scream. Her body fell limp to the floor. Mine held on for a second before following behind though I ended up with a much better pillow.

For a while, we just stayed there, catching our breath. Hearing the last shards of glass falling from the lamp that had exploded and hearing the distant melody of car alarms before they fizzled out.

Quest Completed!
+100 exp
Your closeness with Uehara Rin has vastly increased.
Bonus objective fulfilled: Graduating from your V-card… Again… Kinda…
+10 exp
Bonus objective fulfilled: Banging a babe way above your level.
+20 exp
Bonus objective fulfilled: Surviving superpowered sex.
+30 exp
Bonus objective fulfilled: Highly Destructive climax.
+40 exp
Bonus objective fulfilled: As close as a man can get to fucking a car battery.
+50 exp
New Skill Created: Sex Mastery lvl 01
Gives intuitive grasps on the art of having sex, increases pleasure given and received.

Level up!

"Ah, ahh, ahh." Each one of Rin's post orgasm breaths was like amorous sighs. She didn't resist as I turned our bodies so we were lying on our side, her mouth kept moving in an unheard mantra, and her hazy but serene eyes fluttering as she followed my every move.

It was only when my softening penis popping out from her abused pussy that she closed her eyes and relaxed into sleep.

I sighed, trying to ignore the smoke that trailed up from my mouth. My body was aching, my hair was spiked upwards like a bad anime character, and my dick was feeling way-too-numb for my liking, but then again my Hp bar was nearly in the red, so I'd figured most of these problems would take care of themselves with a few minutes of rest.

A tired gaze to the side let me judge that the blanket was too close from the broken glass for me to risk it, and I could see some faint sunlight peeking from the bottom of the curtains. The Japanese part of my brain told me to get some rest before school, but most of it told that part to fuck itself because there would be no school for me today.

Yeah, let the world fuck itself for a while, I'll deal with the rest later.

With these encouraging thoughts in mind, I sunk back onto my sweaty Taimanin bodypillow and fell asleep soon after.



A/note: if you're wondering where the hell is Uehara personal kunoichi vow in the rewards for the completion of the quest, it's not there because because is more as an external rewards than part of the game system, she'll have to formalize first.

Chapter 6 Preview: Background characters! Fiancees! Bitter rivals! Funny tasting breads! Secret Meeting! Alien Stuff! OH MY!!!
Last edited: Aug 26, 2020
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Jul10, DeltaRyuujin and 1,407 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 17, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 06, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 23, 2020
Add bookmark
#1,458
A/N: Sigh, I can see a trend with these 'parts'



Chapter 06, part 1.









This isn't the first time I've been cornered in the men's bathroom. Hell, this time the odds are actually in my favor; there was only one, and it doesn't look like he was armed.

The guy in question was an average looking dude with an athletic build and earthly brown hair that spiked wildly in every direction. He'd got inside the room and wordlessly blocked the door with his body, making his intentions obvious right from the start.

At least he was waiting for me to finish washing my hands, which I did with deliberated slowness.

If it was only that, it would be fine. I am completely confident that I can kick the ass of anyone in this school whose name didn't start with Saotome and ends with Ranma, but the words floating above his head gave me pause.

Himiko Kenji
Vegan Werewolf
Level: 09

I sighed.

I had… not forgotten, but pushed the more… overtly supernatural aspects of the classmates to the back of my mind, mostly because I didn't know how to approach them or how to begin talking about the subject. But it seems my recent encounter with the supernatural was attracting even more of it into my life.

I suppose this was inevitable, and, not gonna lie, a bit fun.

"So," I said, shaking the last droplets of water to the side. "What do you want?"

He was slouching down, shoulders squared, arms limp, head hanging low but with eyes locked on me, I decided this posture was an aggressive one, but, frankly, with my growing experience, I can say there are better postures to be in if you want to start a fight. But then again, the gamer told me he wasn't human, and it hadn't led me astray yet.

"Stop doing that thing." He said after a moment of glaring.

I raised my eyebrow, "Sorry?"

"That thing! That thing you and the martial artist are doing. Where you disappear and reappear later, stop that!" He insisted.

There was something under his tone that made the words tremble, almost like a growl.

I kept my expression under control. Ok, this is my fault, really; I've been very blatant on the usage of my abilities around this school, hoping for the blanket of Nerima weirdness to cover for them. The encounter with the freaking Campione! Organization made me realize I could use a little more discretion, at least until I figured out what the fuck is happening to this world, but it seems it was too late for that now.

No use crying over spilled milk, the damage is already done.

"Why?" I asked simply.

The guy showed me his teeth but settled back down. "The smell, you're messing out the smell around the school!"

Crap, so my Illusion Barriers did leave an effect on reality… That actually makes sense, considering that they are not a foreign concept to this world.

I slid my hands on my pockets and leaned my hips on the sink but kept my guard raised despite the casual pose.

"Noted. But how is it different, may I ask? Am I making the place smell bad?"

How am I affecting reality? Basically

"No, good. You're making everything smell good. Way too good!" He produced a dog-like snort with his nose and shook his head "This is bad, will attract bad things. Monsters. Monsters will bring trouble. I'm supposed to stay out of trouble."

…

O…kay. I tilted my head, casting a gaze over this guy. Trying to watch for the small details and remember what I've seen of him in class.

No wonder he always kept to himself.

"You can't human very well, hãh? Werewolf-san." I quipped, because frankly, if he's going to drop one of my secrets on me, then I'm gonna do it to him too.

It was a risky move that led to risky results; He flinched for a second, his eyes wide in surprise. Then immediately lean back in, his claw and canine growing as he snarled.

At least he didn't attack me outright. But I can see he was preparing to.

I put my hands up quickly. "Hold up!"

My exclamation must have taken him by surprise because he actually paused.

"Just to be clear, I have no interest in fighting you. But I'll defend myself if you try to start anything."

"Hãhh?" I think if he had dog-ears, they would be flapping around right now as he seemly tried to fix the gears inside his head. Even his aggressive posture dismantled a little, though his lower canine now poked from his mouth even when closed.

"… You're trying to confuse me." He decided.

Not untrue. "I'm serious."

"No. You're going to attack me when my guard is down."

"Why would I do that?"

"Why— Because that's why what humans do!" He furred his blow deeply. "We hide, if we're discovered, humans attack, always."

We? Interesting, is he talking about his kin as a whole, or somebody else?

"Honestly, I'm new to this; I still don't know how to react to a werewolf, yet." I admitted while making a 'what can you do?' sign with my raised hands. "Sorry if people attacked you before, but I can promise I won't without a reason."

I could almost hear the tick-tock going on in his head. He was also clicking his sharp teeth together, but it didn't look like a threatening act, it looked more like a nervous tick.

"I'm supposed to stay out of trouble." He repeated his previous statement.

My shoulders rolled in a casual shrug. "You're not. The way I see it, we're just talking."

He looked at me suspiciously for a couple of seconds before making an internal decision and turning to leave.

That actually made me blink, is he just going to—

He snapped back, and I flinched, but instead of an attack, a clawed finger was pointed at me.

"Anyway, stop doing that thing!" He reverted back to the start of the argument.

I nodded slowly. "Alright, already thinking of moving to another place anyway."

"Oh… Ok." He looked around uncertain and then left and closed the door behind him.

Well, that went… better than I'd imagine it would go. Hell, I'm even leaning on liking the guy. He was honest and direct, at least, unlike some sneaky milfs…

I grumped at the directions my thoughts had taken, partially angry with myself for getting distracted like that on that night. Sure, my body is a virile pile of hormones now, but I'm an adult goddamn it! I should know not to lower my guard around to sexy women.

Dropping these thoughts, because it's unlikely they would help me now, I left the bathroom and made my way back to my class, where Ranma had started wolfing down his lunch.

The students around me parted and avoided me more blatantly than usual.

"Yo, Gel-man." Ranma greeted as I got close.

"Your jokes are bad, and you should feel bad for telling them."

What he was referring to was, of course, the copious amount of gel that now adorns my hair. You see, after the thunderous fucking from a day ago, my dark locks had stubbornly refused to settle down, so I had two choices, either I went to school looking like a Final Fantasy reject, or took matters into my own hands. That's why now my hair was swept back into a glossy, pitch-black mass that made me look like the king of rock 'n roll during his heydays. I actually thought it looked pretty slick, but Ranma said it made me look like one of his middle schools' delinquents and processed to make bad jokes about it whenever he could.

Guess it explained why everybody was giving me a wider berth than usual.

Reaching my seat, I cocked my hips to the side and put a casual hand over it, casting a questioning eyebrow at the one sitting on it.

Tendo Akane.
Heiress to the Tendo's branch of Anything Goes Martial arts school.
Level: 18

Let this be said about Tendo Akane; she was pretty. Definitely one of the top tiers in our class and probably high up there among our age group. Sure, she wasn't drop-dead gorgeous as Ueraha Rin or even curvy as Ranma-chan, but she had a pretty decent body with everything in the right place, a face that's very easy on the eyes, and long blueish locks that were something to be proud of.

I can see why most of the boys in this school are head over heels for her, though the grimace she was wearing right now was ruining this impression.

"Yo, joining us today, I see." I greeted her good-naturedly.

"As if!" She crossed her arms with a buff. "You and Ranma are up to something suspicious!" She accused.

Now that's interesting.

This is actually my first real interaction with Tendo Akane. Still, it isn't the first time she reacted to my presence— we were in the same class after all, and I hang out with her fiancée: I caught her looks— yet in none of the last instances she was as antagonist as she is now.

Ranma stomped his foot on the floor. "I told you it was nothin' like that! Quit being so insistent, you tomboy!"

"What did you call me, pervert!?"

Ah, I see; they're fighting. And it probably didn't start at the school either.

"Well, Tendo-san, I can assure you we're not up to anything suspicious." I cut in between the two, and then I turned on the 'fuck it' switch because I got a feeling she would be finding out anyway. "We are merely hunting yokais for cash in a pocket dimension."

Akane blinked at the sudden statement, while Ranma choked the rice he was eating.

"Oh, come on!" Exclaimed the gender-bender martial artist after the rice failed to suffocate him. "Don't just tell her!"

Was he trying to keep this as a bro secret? That's kinda touching.

"Speaking of which, we can't do it at the school anymore." I broke the news.

"What!?" Ranma actually looked alarmed at that. "Why?"

"I've been informed that it will attract real monsters if we keep up."

"Oh." He looked down and the bento, it had probably been made by Kasumi. "That really sucks."

I shrugged. "Hey, it's not like we have to stop it, we just have to find a better place to do it, and maybe rotate between areas a little bit. Besides, the skill supposedly gives new monsters according to the terrain; I want to test that out." A relevant thought jumped to my mind, and I vocalized it. "By the way, did you know Himiko Kenji knows about what we're doing?"

Ranma, who was looking happier now that his main source of cash wasn't going to end, considered that. "Yeah, there was always this guy stalkin' around when we did our thing, so his name is Kenji, huh."

I frowned. What the… "Wait, wait, wait, you knew a guy was peeking on us this entire time, and you didn't tell me!"

Ranma shrugged, pushing a sausage into his mouth. "He was bein' really discrete about it, 'sides it's not like he was brotherin' us or anything." He said with his mouth around the meat.

Oh, this guy…

"Oh, so did you know he was a werewolf, also?"

Ranma promptly gaged at the news, quickly looking up at me. "What!? Like a werewolf, werewolf!?"

"Yeah, Ranma, werewolf, werewolf." I leaned in with a grin—my long, thick, imposing shadow crossing over his shocked face due to the light in my back. "See? That's what you do when you have information that could be relevant to both of us. You share it."

Ranma rolled his eyes unabashedly. "Oh, shut up."

"Excuse me!?"

We both looked to the side to see the figure of Tendo Akane, who had been turning her to both of us as she followed the conversation, looking more incredulous each time… Or maybe a bit horrified by the pit of filthy innuendos I was dragging a clueless Ranma into.

"What the heck are you two talking about!?" She demanded, and I had to hold my witches cackles back for the expression in her face.

"Sorry about that," I said with an underlined chuckle. Reaching a hand out to the side, I grabbed a chair that a classmate had conveniently left vacated. Then I pushed it to our table, sat down, and conjured a loaf of bread from my inventory. "I'm Ōe Hiroshi, would you like some bread?"

-0-0-0-​

Now, it had been a long time since I watched Ranma ½, but I can somewhat remember the feeling I had about the characters.

Akane was among my least favorites.

I can even say I've developed a healthy dislike for her character as time goes by, but at that point, I didn't know if it was my old fanfiction knowledge blending in with the half-remembered scenes from the anime. I didn't know if her worst aspects were exaggerations, or if she was as bratty and prone to violence as the fan's usual portrayal of her.

In the end, I've decided to hold my judgment until I had an actual conversation with her.

And now, after spending about a day in her proximity and interacting with her, I safely say she's… Not as bad as the fanfictions might have you believe, but not as good that the dislike for her is entirely unfounded.

In the end, I had to act like a mediator for her and Ranma on more than one occasion. And not to stroke my own ego or anything, but the results speak for themselves.

"Ahh, that's neat, so it's like the 'grounded tiger strike' but in the air!" Akane concluded brightly.

"Urg, hearing it being referred like that is so weird. It was always the 'dive of the unbound eagle' for me." Ranma commented, still thinking over this conversation's surprise revelations. "But yeah, I guess it's the same move if you think about it. Damn pops! Saotome's exclusive, my ass!"

It turns out both martial artists are interested in martial arts, who would have thought?

This particular conversation spurred from an innocent 'So what's the difference between the Tendo and the Saotome branches of the Anything Goes' question by me, partially in an attempt to deflate one of the more tense moments between the two. This resulted in wide eyes and gaping mouths as they slowly realized that none of them had a good answer because none bother to ask themselves, which prompted a very hesitant stream of questions and answers that bloomed into a quite lively discussion. If someone saw them now, they'd be hard-pressed to guess they were at each other's throat this morning.

That isn't to say there weren't any bumps, however, and most of the problem came from the difference in personality between the two.

You see… Ranma is rude, and sometimes he can be very rude. Maybe this is a product of growing up alone with an asshole father, but his first instinct is to mock and ridicule anything he deems as a failure or a mistake, and he does so seemly without noticing it. Like, if you slip on the wet ground and fall on your face, it's most likely he will insult your lack of equilibrium first, and only then crouch down to help you up, but the thing is; he will most likely crouch down to help you up.

While Ranma is very likely to berate your every mistake, he will not see it as an insult, or at least as a serious one. It's honestly just a natural response to him, and that meant he doesn't put much meaning behind it as others do, it's actually pretty hard for him to openly insult someone with the intention of hurting their feelings.

It's not an easy outlook to 'get', and I did so because most of my male friends and my brother acted the same way: within a space where rudeness was just another expression, you quickly learn which insults actually hold meaning. The only problem I can say about it, which admittedly is a pretty big one, is that Ranma has no social filter for it, he will treat everybody the same and doesn't understand that most people are not used to it.

And Akane… well, she is the worst type of person to talk to if you have that mentality and manner of speaking.

One thing that the fandom got right is that the girl had a temper the size of a particular angry midget. I could literally see her go red with every slight quip and insult Ranma casually threw like she took his every word personally. It's actually rather impressive the way she can flip flop back to normal when I step in to cool things down. She also has a nasty tendency to take things out of context and built up her anger from that, even when the thing clearly isn't an insult or mockery. To the point that even I had to watch what I said around her.

At least I can say she isn't prone to outright violence as the fandom indicated, but more than once I had the feeling she would punch us and walk away fuming, but she never did.

If you don't use mockery and keep the intent of your words clear enough, she's usually pretty mellow and friendly.

When you combine these two personalities, you get a powder keg in the shape of a conversation, and this one, while by far the best one I managed to get the two to engage in, was not without its misunderstandings. Mostly because whatever Anything Goes levels they were talking, Ranma was clearly more advance and had better practical and theoretical foundations, plus he has a tendency to insult the Tendo's moves he isn't familiar with and have no counterpart part on the Saotome side. Something that rattled Akane to no end.

"That sounds dumb. I bet I can break that off in no time."

"Oh yeah, care to try!"

See? Ranma sounded challenging, but Akane, she just sounded angry. I signed. Here we go again.

"So, any combination attacks you two can use?" I cut in before Ranma could reply and escalate.

The gender-bender martial artist looked and me, and scrunch his face in thought.

"I dunno… maybe the Dual Jet Streams Raging Water attack? It requires two people to use."

"Ah, you have that too!" Akane exclaimed excitedly, the traces of irritation quickly melting away from her expression. Her finger cupped her chin in thought soon after, though. "Does that move even work? It doesn't sound very reliable."

"It not very useful against people, but it's awesome against projectiles. My pops and I got into a fight with this dumpling stand alliance back in China and…"

Safe! Was what I thought while half-listening to Ranma's amusing tale, Akane seemed engrossed into hearing a report about how one of the martial techniques she knew fare in combat.

+ 1 Cha.

Hum? Well, at least I'm getting something for my troubles.

Despite occasionally needing my intervention, this conversation was actually very informative and, dare I say it, fun.

It had become pretty clear to us that the Tendo branch of Anything Goes deals with ground-based techniques with a focus on strength and resilience, and the Saotome was the opposite of that with a focus on aerial techniques favoring speed and mobility. It's kinda funny that Akane is the heir of the 'hard' version of the style, but Ranma eclipses her in this aspect by his sheer physical stats alone.

We were walking to the school gate when it happened.

I felt a slight chill running down my spine. It was very sudden and very hard to ignore, so it stunned me for a single moment. It was enough for me to feel Ramna's finger gripping the back of my jacket.

"RANMA PREPARE TO DIE!"

I was pulled back and off my feet. But unlike the last time, the sudden shift didn't mess with my perception, and I was able to see a yellowish and red blur dropping over our previous position like a meteor, at the same time that I managed to put my legs under me to land and slid on the ground crouching rather than on my ass, the yelp at my far side told me that Akane wasn't so lucky.

To my surprise, the ground beneath the figure didn't become a crater; it didn't even crack under the heavy impact… To my even bigger surprise, I was proven wrong a solid three seconds later, when the ground opened up in a wide hole that somehow took a few seconds to form. The few students around who were leaving let out startled cries as they watched.

The figure on the crater was tall and muscular, with baggy, worn-out yellow garbs with a tiger theme bandana and a red umbrella— Oh, it's Ryoga.

Hibiki Ryoga.
The Eternal Lost Boy
Level: 24

I was wondering when he was going to show up.

Ryoga pulled up his umbrella from the ground and rose to his feet, keeping his gaze solemnly on his target.

"I see you still good at running away, Ranma." He gave out a cocky chuckle.

The martial artist frowned, opening his mouth to let out a retort, only for his head to be cocked forwards by a thud.

"What the hell!?" Ranma shouted at a pissed off girl at his side, who was trying to hold the tear on the backside of her skirt shut.

"Look at what you've done, pervert!"

"I was tryin' to get you out of this guy's attack!"

"I could have done on my own, thank you very much!"

Really guys? Is this really the best time? And look, now Ryoga is trembling in anger. Poor dude.

"Stop ignoring me, Ranma!!" He shouted, interrupting the growing argument. The tip of his umbrella pointed at Ranma. "I've come a long way to right the wrongs you did to me!"

That brought Ranma's attention. He snapped his sharp eyes to Ryoga and… looked.

And looked.

And continued looking.

"…Y-You don't remember?" Ryoga sputtered.

Ranma squinted his eyes, concentrating very deeply.

"Maybe someone from your Junior High?" I threw a bone.

"AH!" It was all he needed, apparently. He snapped his fingers at me, and then at Ryoga. "Now, I remember! Err. Shinahara Kenishi!"

"Who's that!?" The lost boy roars in frustration. "Hibiki Ryoga! It's Hibiki Ryoga!"

"Yeah that's it. Sorry, sorry, got it confused." Ranma rubbed the back of his head and actually smiled, apparently forgetting this guy just tried to kill him. "Ah man, long time no see—"

"Silence!" Ranma got an umbrella pointed at his face as he tried to approach. "Answer my question! Why didn't you come to fight me at the appointed time!?"

Ranma blinked. "…I waited for you at the agreed place for three whole days." He said slowly.

"Three days!" Was Akane's exclamation and pretty much the reaction of the growing crowd. I just remained in my squatting position and enjoyed the nostalgia.

"But when I arrived on the fourth day… You were already gone!"

"Fourth day!?"

Where is Kuno, by the way? I thought he always appears when logic starts to fail.

Ranma took a deep, calming breath, and spoke. "Ryoga, let me ask you a question."

Taking the lost boy's silence as acceptance, he continued.

"That place where we're supposed to fight back then…. Wasn't that vacant lot behind your house?"

"Why did you force me to wait for three days then!?" Ranma countered with a healthy deal of logic and reason. Don't think it's very effective against this wild Ryoga, though.

"Bastard! Do you think I was out for a stroll those four days!?"

With a heavy heart and pain in his eyes, Ryoga started telling us his sad tale about getting out of his house and getting lost across Japan from a journey that should have taken a few minutes.

In the end, he masterfully succeeded in informing everyone about his sense of direction if the murmuring was any indication.

"Ok, but how did you get all the way up to Hokkaido in one day, though?" I asked.

"You broke a man-to-man promise!" Ah… Ignored. "And then you dare to run off to China with your father!"

He finally had enough and step in for a swing. Ranma leaped above it and glided backward like he was on the moon before landing gracefully on his feet.

"So you come here to finish that fight?" He asked with growing eagerness.

"Finish it!? You don't know half of it!" He swung his umbrella to the side and popped it open. "REVENGE!!" Then he launched his god-knows-how-many-pounds umbrella like a Frisbee of death, something that Ranma casually dodged out of instinct.

Leaving the thing to spin directly at the growing crowd of students behind him

"OI!" I leaped backward and got my hands on the spinning handle of the thing as it passed over my head. In retrospect, this wasn't a very well-thought-out idea.

My entire body was dragged by it to the point my feet momentarily left the ground. Luckily my grip and my weight were enough to knock its trajectory out of the way of the bystanders and directed it toward the ground. Were it dug its blade-like gash into concrete for a good fifteen centimeters.

I let out a grunt as I felt the spinning handle grinding against the palm of my hand, but just tightened my grip and bore the pain until it finally stopped.

Ignoring the burning sensation, I put my other hand on the handle and lifted the thing of the ground… Trying with all my might to not show how much the weight was affecting me.

Seriously is this thing an umbrella or a freaking ship anchor!?

I placed it on my shoulder, where it dug uncomfortably on my skin. But with the support of my entire torso, I managed to keep it up much easier. With the umbrella secured, and after I made sure I wasn't going to drop on my ass due to its impossible weight. I turned to Ranma, moving with easy steps to not throw my precarious balance off.

"You. Be more aware of your surroundings!" I chastised the idiot until he was sheepishly rubbing the back of his head.

"And you." I made a point to aim his own weapon in his direction… with one arm… my every muscle screamed at me for that, but I had my pride damn it. "Watch where you throw this thing, you could've hurt someone, idiot!"

My declaration caused some surprised "Hoooh!" among the crowd. Ryoga frowned at my interruption.

"Who the hell are you!?" He demanded.

I lowered the umbrella, placing it tip first on the ground while keeping my raw palm over the pommel like a sword. My muscles began to cry in relief, but I didn't let that show on my face.

"I am…" Pause for dramatic effect. Everyone drew in. "…A complete random bystander! You may carry on with your dramatic confrontation."

People stumbled comically. What? What were they expecting, that I was going to pick a fight with a guy who carried this thing all the time? No, no, no, I had Ranma for that!

And speaking of the martial artist, he just laughed.

"Don't try to be cool if you don't have a follow-up man, that was lame!" He said between chuckles. "Anyway, I just remembered what this guy's deal was. Hiroshi, give me bread!"

"… You have to be more specific."

"All of the bread!"

Well… He asked.

"THAT'S TOO MUCH BREAD!"

"WHAT HERESY ARE YOU SAYING!?"

"AHHHH!" Ryoga stomped on the area between the now bread-covered Ranma and me. The impact made me stumbled backward and forced me to use the umbrella to prop me up so I didn't fall.

"ENOUGH RANMA, NOW YOU DIE- eh?"

"That's melon bread!"

The odd exchange was made from behind the curtain of dust Ryoga's attack had lifted. But when it settled, I could see the lost boy holding a delicious melon bread in his hand.

"Still not enough, hah? You're greedy." Ranma commented from a distance, "Here, Curry Bread."

"There is more, Chow-Mein Bread."

"Croquette Bread!"

"Choco Bread!"

"Avocado Bread!"

Ranma continued to make Japanese bread rain like God did in the Garden of Eden. It was a vision so beautiful it almost brought me to tears.

"That's all I can remember!" Ranma concluded.

In the end, Ryoga had his arms full of concentrated deliciousness. Yet he was trembling in anger, the ingrate. "Ranma… What is the meaning of this!?"

"Yes, Ranma," Akane spoke from behind them, the combination of antics had made her forget about the state of her skirt and put her hands to work massaging a surging headache. Two lucky guys behind her were clearly having the time of their lives leering at her exposed underwear. "Please Ranma, explain to us what that was all about."

"Hm, well, back at our Junior High, all lunches were like battlefields…"

And then he proceeded to tell us a tale of a boy, a boy whose parent didn't have time to make him a proper breakfast because they got lost on the way to the kitchen, a boy who always spent his mornings hungry, longing, yearning for the time when he could be released from his prison of learning so he could bask on the deliciousness that waited for him in the cafeteria. Many more there seek that same deliciousness, but the boy knew that and prepared accordingly, honing his body and skills until he stood above everyone else for the sole purpose of getting the deliciousness first. And the boy did that; victory filled his soul as he closed his finger around his prize… only to be snatched away at the last second by another, more skilled boy.

Again, and again, and again, for a full goddamn year.

"Ranma," I said. Tears staining my cheeks. "You do that shit to me, and I'm murdering you in your sleep."

"E-Even you Hiroshi… please tell me that you're joking."

… Mostly. I want to be part of this comical anime bullshit because it's funny to me, and people were easier to manipulate when the silliness is cranked up to eleven. Doesn't mean I won't try, though.

We were now sitting in a circle having a picnic because that what you do when you have a butch of tasty bread lying around. Luckily many students had wisened up after seeing the lost boy's propensity for causing collateral damage and left, so I didn't have to watch out for that many people when the fight inevitably restarted.

And look at that, it already did. While I was lost in thoughts about the emotional tale, Ranma managed to insult Ryoga, or the guy just got impatient again, and they had started duking out, and like, really going at it this time.

Ok, not really… I don't think Ranma can just shrug off one of Ryoga's unreasonably destructive attacks, but he was keeping things casual and focused more on dodging and asking questions than countering. It was clear that he had already gauged the skill of his opponent and correctly deduced that Ryoga was nowhere near as fast or agile as he was. And believe me, if you're not at least that, then you'll never hit the slippery acrobat that is Saotome Ranma.

It was, however, the most impressive battle I've seen Ranma partake. Just because Ryoga wasn't as fast and agile as Ranma, didn't mean he wasn't superhumanly fast and agile, and combining that with his strength… Ok, maybe that's a bit too much strength—and why the hell is this fucker causing so much collateral damage!? Didn't he know how to aim!?

Explosions rang out across the courtyard of Funrikan High as it received a barrage of damage comparable to an artillery bombardment, and that was me just slightly exaggerating. Every punch and kick Ryoga threw seems to break something, explode a crater into existence, or uproot a tree.

Is this baseline Ryoga!? Didn't he get more destructive as the series went on? Fucking hell, I think we're gonna need Kaiju methods to deal with him then!

And why the fuck is he causing so much collateral!? I don't remember Ryoga's first appearance very well, but I'm pretty sure he didn't explode the school on his first fight. Fuck, I can't think of a reason for… Wait a second.

I looked down at my hand… and saw the umbrella dragging behind me. I had gained an extra point in strength just for carrying the thing along while escaping the shrapnel.

Crap! I have the thing with me, that means Ryoga is fighting without it, and so… Wait, he can't use precision attacks without it?! Or maybe he's not used to his own limbs for—Fuck it! It doesn't matter now, have the umbrella, might as well use it!

After about five minutes of pure chaos, the fight finally drew to a close. Well, in a way, it did: Ranma had noticed the damage they were causing and wisely chose to draw Ryoga to another field so they could fight more freely.

I could hear the lost boy declarations of revenge fading in the distance.

+ 1 Str.

+ 1 Str.

I got to admit carrying this thing around is a pain in the ass… and the back… and the arms… oh god, the arms—But I can't argue with results, especially after it earned me three consecutive bonus points in strength.

After the power-up, it was easier to carry the thing around and even maneuver it a bit while it was open.

"You're ok?" I asked the two frightened girls under me; the latest bunch I covered from the shrapnel and debris. I tried to keep a firm grip on the handle of the open umbrella, but some shaking was inevitable.

"Y-Yeah." One of the girls spoke up, her face bright red from the stressful ordeal. Her friend had buried her face on her chest, but now had popped one eye up and was watching me intently.

I nodded. "You two can go now; the worst is already over."

"A-Ah yes, t-thank you!"

After making sure they weren't hurt, I turned around and started walking towards the center of the cloud of dust, waving the damn umbrella while at it in an attempt to close it. Even that is hard to do with this thing; it was like a lump of pure tungsten carved into the shape of an umbrella.

When I finally managed it, I promptly threw the thing into my inventory. Because I'm guessing Ryoga won't show up again for a while, so I might as well use it to do some strength training before I give it back. As payback for my raw hand, of course.

As expected, I found Akane on an area clean from dust, looking at the place where the new martial artist had gone, probably wondering where Ranma could have…

My eye twitched.

"My disappointment is immeasurable."

"What?" Said Saotome Ranma, looking at me.

"I thought you were heroically leading that wrecking ball away from the innocents."

"Meh." He said with a shrug of his shoulder.

"Why is he running away. then?"

"He isn't. He thinks he's pursuing me." Ranma placed his hand beside his eyes to illustrate. "He's like an angry bull. His tunnel vision is something else."

Heh, I can believe that.

Striding past Ranma, I made way towards Akane, who also turned to look at me. Taking off my school jacket, I quickly handed it to her.

"Here, for your little problem."

It was kind of funny watching her blink, her face slowly etching towards the realization she had forgotten while a bright blush spread over her nose and cheek. With an adorable yelp, she went low on her knees, hands snapping to her rear to cover up her shame.

I draped my jacket over her shoulders. "Here, you can give me back tomorrow. And it's not Ranma's fault you know, he was really just trying to drag you away from danger. What happened there was just an accident."

Tendo Akane looked up at me for a long moment, before slowly rising to her feet and tying my jacket around her hips to cover the holes on her skirt.

"Ōe-san… I'd like to apologize."

"Hum?"

"Up to this morning, I thought you were a no-good delinquent, but you're not like that at all." She dipped her head in a short bow. "I'm truly sorry."

"Heh, no need to be so formal." I waved her off. "It's all a big misunderstanding anyway, and it's not like I'm helping with my looks. There is nothing to apologize for."

She smiled at me and—whoa, ok, I got to admit that Akane looks really good when she smiles. She should definitely do it more often.

"Ranma!" She called, stepping close to the martial artists, who looked down at his diminutive fiancée. "I'm… I'm sorry for hitting you before. I shouldn't have jumped into conclusions like that."

Hehe, Ranma's expression after hearing that was comical, there was even a little blush on his face. After blinking his shock away, he put his arms behind his head in a casual matter.

"Meh, it was nothing. It's not like you can hurt me anyway."

Ah, here we go.

"Wh—Are you calling me weak!?" Was Akane's declaration as her mood did a 180, and the following exchange began to drag them both further into anger and insults.

I sighed while watching the famous anime argument play out. It was as more awkward to watch when it wasn't behind a television screen, but I can't deny there wasn't some amusement there.

The wind had swept away most of the dust by that point, showing that despite the impressive effects, Ryoga's attacks didn't damage the school that badly, it was mostly a shitload of cracks on the concrete and a few knock over trees, the most significant crater was the one he made at the start.

Man, I wonder if we'll have classes tomorrow.

"PERVERT!"

A loud slap echoed in response to Ranma's remark about childish underwear.

I look up, noticing the position of the sun, and quickly checking my clock.

Well, I guess school time is over. Time for the more… adult part of my day.

"Man, I'll never understand that tomboy!" Ranma complained while rubbing his aching cheek. Akane was already walking away, fuming.

"Tsunderes, my friend, tsunderes…"
Last edited: Aug 26, 2020
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Jul10, DeltaRyuujin and 1,495 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 23, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 06, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 29, 2020
Add bookmark
#1,808
A/N: last second to midnight!


Chapter 06, part 2









"A-Aruji-sama!"

…

What is this?

Seriously, what is this?

I want to believe it's Ueraha Rin, it even has her voice and mannerisms, yet my eyes can only perceive a circular lump of fur cloaks, pants, skirts, hats, scarfs, and an upside-down magazine purposefully covering the face.

Rin had reverted back to her timid, stuttering state. This was kind jarring to see after the erotic day we had, where we basically spent all day cropped up inside my apartment talking and… well, and fucking.

During the entire time, she's been the drop-dead gorgeous woman who had full control of herself and was capable of making clear, concise sentences. If we weren't doing the act of course, in those cases, she was a similarly stuttering mess, but the noises she made then were much sulkier. That time was my most prolonged interaction with her, and that took quite a special place in my mind if I say so myself: that show of kneeling down and literally offering herself to me was especially noteworthy.

So, after all of that, I'd frankly forgotten about this other side of her. And now I'm having difficulties connecting the two into one person. There is only so much that anime quirkiness can excuse.

"Ok… Rin, why are you like this?"

"W-What do you mean, A-Aruji-sama?" Responded the woman, still hiding her face behind the upside-down magazine.

I pushed that cover down and stared at the swirly glasses she was wearing. The visible part of her beautiful face immediately lit up in a brilliant red blush. She then let out a shriek and turned her back at me.

Fear of being seen? Fear of leaving her room? What is it?

"Rin," I said to her back, watching the round buddle of clothes tremble. "Are you afraid of me?"

"No!" She declared immediately. I stumbled back as she was suddenly right on my face. "This one would never be afraid of Aruji-sa…sama… G-Guh…" I watched as she slowly realized our proximity, and the healthy blush this fact caused. "Kya!" Aaand she turned her back again, this time kneeling and holding her face. "A-Aruji-sama~~!"

…Ok, she's cute. Confusing for sure, but cute.

Doesn't mean I'd just drop the subject like that.

"Hey, Rin. Tell me what's the deal with you." I knelt down behind her and poked the top of her head through her puffy hat.

"H-Hum?" She dared to turn her face towards me a little. "This one does not understand, A-Aruji-sama."

"You're like two different people. The you of now and the you from before, I mean." She let out an embarrassed squeak at the memory of what 'her from before' had done. "When I first met you, you were also like that, and then you were totally different later."

I could see her fidgeting under my stare though I don't know if this was for my question or solely for the attention.

"T-this one doesn't know." She answered with a whine. "T-This one is sorry, A-Aruji-sama, but she is just acting like normal. Guhhh." She fidgeted some more. "A-Aruji-sama isn't the first one who asked this one a question like that either."

"Really? Someone else noticed this?" Well, it's not like it's hard to. " Who?"

"A… c-colleague…" She answered after some hesitation.

Ah, another Taimanin then.

Taimanin, one of the things I regret is to not focus more on this subject yesterday… but to be fair, I was a piled-up heap of teenage hormones with a woman of Taimanin's standard completely open to my every advance, so it doesn't need saying that I was very, very distracted.

There isn't to say we didn't talk extensively talk about this, though, It's only that I could use some reminders now that my bigger head was in full control, and I didn't have the juiciest pair of breasts I've ever seen right before my eyes.

"One of the ninja girls, eh?" I commented.

"Aruji-sama! N-Not out in the open!"

"Sorry, sorry." I laughed, rising to my feet. "You know what to do, right."

"H-hai!" Rin, sensing the change to a serious topic, also got up from her kneeling position. Though the mighty blush still ever-present and she still couldn't look directly at me without stutter, well, stutter more. "T-This one guarantee that none shall harm Aruji-sama under her watch!"

That was what we planned this morning when I called and set up a meeting with the History Compilation Committee… An organization that indicates that a third anime setting was part of this crazy universe.

The looming presence of Campione! And all its inherited danger was a dreadful prospect to consider, but in the end, there was nothing I could do about it. I could only accept it and move on. Right now, I've confirmed the presence of a coherent supernatural side on this world, and one much more detailed, nuanced and dangerous than the one shown on Ranma1/2. I had to be prepared for it, and that means more than just duck down and focus on leveling up; I needed information, I needed to know what I was dealing with.

The History Compilation Committee, or HCC, was a perfect source of that, not only they are portrayed as fairly benevolent from what I remember of the anime, but they are supposedly deeply involved with the supernatural, or at least the magical aspect of japan as a whole.

Magical… with this I could also address the matter of the rapidly approaching wall on my solo arcane studies, though I was trying to not get my hopes up, this is suppose to be just an introduction after all.

Now, surely on this unknown environment I was about to get into, the first choice for guidance should have been the group that I already know about and is actually indebted to me, but the thing about that 'Heavenly Oni Temple' and the Milf Miko… I was still kind of peeved about the tracking spell!

… Jokes aside, this was rather worrisome, I risked my life to save their Hime and they rewarded me by tracking my location without my knowledge. That showed me that, at the very least, magical relations in this world involved a lot of smoke and mirrors even among perceived allies… and that's if the group from the temple considered me as an ally… don't matter now; excessive paranoia will do me no good.

But at the very least, I had someone I've decided to trust, mostly for our brief but oddly intimate history together, and for the notifications from the gamer system of the great increase in our 'closeness'. As a bonus, that person happens to be the only other that I can't see the level of; meaning she's undoubtedly strong.

"Guhhhhhhhh."

… I watched Rin at a distance; she was badly hidden behind a lamppost, clearly watching at me. I got to say when I requested—and then requested again as a firm command at her panting insistence— her to shadow my meeting and make sure nothing bad happened, I was imagining a badass ninja watching over me without I even realize she was there, not this.

And she's giggling now… well, she makes a darn good impression of a yandere admirer… Hey, maybe this can actually work as a masquerade; there is one in my class, and I'm pretty sure I passed a few women with a 'yandere' title during my morning jogs, so they can't be that rare.

Will she be fine, though? Can she snap back to the other persona in case of an emergency?

I suppose there is only one way to find out, and honestly, I hope we wouldn't need to put that to the test today.

So began my walk over the pleasant streets of Nerima with my ninja doing a yandere-like stalk behind me. As always, a lot of minor quests popped up in a constant stream. I dismissed all of them but the ones I could fulfill on the walk or took no time at all, like helping an elderly gentleman cross the street, or giving information to a Brazilian tourist who almost hugged me for my ability to speak Portuguese.

Eventually, after a short ride on a deceitfully fast metro ride, I exited the station on Higashiōizumi, a district on the far south of Nerima, quite a few miles away from Funrikan. Because there is no way I'm conducting this meeting close to where I live. Hell, I'm even thinking about moving to another place cuz the current one's been tracked.

The cafe Rin had recommended was just as charming and well put together as Hanna Millers back on my turf, but the uniform here wasn't cut so low, and the waitresses aren't as busty, so it's inferior in every way.

I brought the coffee that I'd asked to my lips.

+ 1 Cha.

This place too hãh? This bonus point seems to be available once every 24 hours. I can get it fairly easily by drinking coffee or tea alone on Hanna Miller, something I certainly didn't mind doing because of bouncing boobs and occasional panty shots that place was famous for, but it didn't occur to me that I could try it out on other cafes. Maybe I could organize a cafe rush to grind charisma. That sounds pretty fun; I could call Ranma and grind exp along the way to—.

"Ara, dear client is already here? I'm sorry to keep you waiting!"

By the cheerful female voice, I can see I won't be dealing with that HCC guy from the Campione! Anime.

"There is nothing to apologize. I've come early on my own and..."

My thoughts screeched to a half as I turned to face the HCC representative.

"Oh my, Ōe-san! What a sweet coincidence to find you here!" Seishuuin Shiori chirped in delight.

'Coincidence, my ass!' Were my thoughts as I watched the smiling Miko circle around the table and sitting in front of me.

Also, Miko? She certainly didn't look like one now; she was wearing a cool, stylish outfit that looked right out of an expensive fashion magazine, the only cooperation I could think of was the memories of my new mother wearing similar custom made French outfits, and she didn't fill up nearly as well as Seishuuin Shiori did.

"I have to say Ōe-san, I'd never imagined we would be meeting each other so soon! A pleasant surprise, of course, as I've meant to speak to you." She continued with a smile.

"I'm sure," I said slowly. My eyes sliding to the not-so-inconspicuous Rin, hiding her face on a menu a few tables back. "I don't remember introducing myself to you, Seishuuin-san."

"Shiori, please, and you do not need to worry about your breach of conduct, I forgive you." She smiled magnanimously. "And the reason I know that is because I did a little research on you, I was a little curious about the young man who bravely gallivanted into danger for the sake of my daughter."

Hearing that, I couldn't hold it in. "So much so you saw fit to place a tracking spell on me."

"Ah." To her credit, she actually flinched at my words, and probably at my expression. "I admit that was a rather… harsh action on my part."

'Least she didn't try to deny it.

"Harsh is an understatement. That's not how you build up trust."

"You're right, Ōe-san." She smiled longingly, "I humbly apologize."

Seeing the Miko bowing her head, I sighed and changed the subject. "What are you doing here? I was supposed to meet with the HCC representative."

"Kukuku, you're looking at her, Ōe-san." She declared.

I raised my eyebrow at that, clicking the coffee cup on the little plate and pushing both to the side.

"You work there?"

"In a way." She waved off, "I'm here to explain all Ōe-san needs to know about the world you're getting into." She clapped her hand together. "But first!"

Watched her well-manicured hand slid into… slid into her vast cleavage, making her chest jiggle as she searched for something in there. I moved my eyes to the side because I knew who I was dealing with and waited. Soon, she was holding what appeared to be a card.

"What is this?" I followed it with my eyes as it was pushed in my direction. It was a card, a bit too large to fit comfortably on a hand, and utterly black saved for a narrow white line on the edges.

"It was what remained of the monster who attacked the temple." I sent her a questioning stare. "I feel it's only fair that you have it if you wish to."

"Aren't you going to need it for something," I asked.

"We are investigating the origin of the attack, of course, with great interest. But after countless testing, it was confirmed that there was nothing magical or inherent supernatural about this item in particular. So I figured it would only be fair if I asked you if you wanted to keep it rather than destroying it outright, spoils of war and all."

I noted she was only presenting me after testing out to see if she could extract something from it… but I can't blame her for this one. I'd done the same thing.

Reaching out, I tentatively picked up the thing with the intention to give it a closer inspection, only for a game screen to pop up to the forefront of my mind.

You have found a special magitech artifact of Alien Origin.
Do you wish to assimilate it into the gamer system?
Yes/No

Hohhh, this got potential.

Yet I held back the urge to just accept right there and kept anything from showing in my face. I did this because this Milf is being sneaky again.

She wanted to see if it would react to me in any way.

I looked up to her innocently smiling form.

"I'll take this, thank you."

She nodded, and I slid it into my pocket.

"Now then, shall we begin-"

"How is Ena, by the way?"

The question jumped to my mind so suddenly that I couldn't not ask. Shiori blinked twice, and then her lips spread into a broad smile.

"She is perfectly well. Spent the day asking me when her 'onii-chan' would come back."

"That's good… And the others?"

"The others?"

"The people from the Temple."

"Ah." She let out in a puff of breath, still smiling. "There has been some wounded, but thanks to you, we had time to treat them and keep anyone from dying."

"I see." Something inside me deflated a little bit. "That's good."

Her green eyes twinkled sharply.

"If that's everything, I think we can begin. You'd like an introduction to the…other side of the world right, Ōe-san?"

"I'd managed to discover some things on my own," I said, referring to my meta- knowledge in an attempt to not sound like a complete beginner, maybe that's the petulant teenager in me talking. "But yes, a formal instruction would help smooth things out."

"Then," She leans in, and I purposely kept my eyes on her face; better to admire pretty features accentuated by slight makeup, than get lost on vast cleavages, this is an important talk. She opened her mouth, and I prepared to listen and question.

And before I knew it, she was standing up, pushing her tiny purse beneath her arm. "Let's go!" She chirped.

"Oi?" I blinked.

"Well, you didn't think I would dump a long and heavy explanation here, did you? That would be remarkably boring!"

I blinked at her, processing her statement, then I sighed and stood up

-0-0-0-​

"So." Shiori began licking the ice cream she made me buy for her. "You're already aware there is another side to the mundane world, a side where the supernatural, the magical, and the occult dwells."

Wait, is she going to talk about this here? It's the middle of the street!

"Technically this separation is only an illusion, we do all live in the same world after all, but most societies now days have built some pretty good walls between the normal and the paranormal, always with some means of maintaining this secrecy, so it's common to refer to it as two different worlds when talking about the subject. Now, the supernatural side has many names; even within japan there isn't a consensus for it. But recently, an English term originated from South Korea is becoming increasingly popular." She dragged a bit of the cold cream to her mouth in an unintentional lascivious manner, "The Abyss."

"Err, Shiori…-san?" I leaned close, and she nonchalantly latched her arm on mine at this opportunity. I raised an eyebrow at that before continuing. "Is it wise to talk about that here?"

I gestured at the groups of people passing by, the street wasn't crowded, but it was far from being empty.

She sent me a grin. "Do not underestimate a normal person's ability to rationalize the strange. Anyone who hears us now wouldn't think much of it an hour; I could blatantly cast a few cantrips and not raise a single alarm. This is especially true for the Japanese people because they usually have more exposure to aspects of the supernatural than normal."

"So why keep it a secret at all," I asked one of the most important questions for settings… or worlds, I suppose, like this.

Shiori-san lost her smile. "Many reasons, to avoid panic is one of the big ones, we already have our hands full trying to keep a semblance of order within the Japanese's vast and diverse supernatural scene, adding public awareness to it and the usual harsh decision making that it brings, and everything would quickly devolve into chaos, there is historical evidence for this."

I hummed, absorbing the information, "And who exactly are 'we'?"

"I was getting there." The older woman looked up at me, but not by much cuz we're nearly the same heights, and pouted. "Mou, Ōe-san, you're messing with my train of thought!" She complained so cutely I couldn't help but apologize.

"Now, in Japan, the whole mess that is our supernatural scene, or the Japanese version of The Abyss, if you're trying to be more Korean." She chuckled at her own joke. "It's… not regulated, but connected by what is now known of as the History Compilation Committee. We are an organization created in the Heian period by four of the closest families to the emperor, at first, it had the objective to categorize and control the supernatural scene in the country, but after it became apparent that this was a fool's errand, this changed to the modern objective of establishing communication between the many supernatural groups, supervise proper occult usage, and manipulate information to preserve the balance between the mundane and the paranormal." Err, that last one sounded evil. Shiori continued without noticing my expression. "Logically, the vast majority of our members are quite involved with the abyss themselves, with so many arcane practitioners that we are considered a Mage Association to the outside. I, myself, am quite an accomplished one." She bragged.

Quite prideful for a Miko, this milf.

"So, you know about magic?" I asked. Honestly, this was the subject I wanted to know the most as my own limited knowledge is reaching a roadblock.

"Magic… Hum, I'll give you an overview, but it's quite extensive. I prefer to tell you about the immediate danger you might face first."

Ok, that sounds like an interesting subject at least, I can wait.

"Ah!" Shiori squealed suddenly, making me jerk. "There! Let's go there!"

I looked at the big clothing store she was pointing to. "Are you serious?"

"So let's start with broad strokes," Shiori said while racking through the many outfits and dresses. "Humans are not alone in this world, we share a place with many supernatural races and phenomenon's, and as it is with a lot of things, there are many words for them depending on the country or the region, in Japan the most common term is 'Kai': it means anything other than human, and that doesn't belong to a mundane human's perception of normality— Hold this." She pushed a red lace dress into my hands.

I wasn't thinking about it. My mind was in her words. Ever since this whole, Campione thing I've been keeping an open mind to whatever other settings might be combined to this one. Three is a pattern, after all. What's keeping it from having four, or five, or many? I have to stay alert because my meta knowledge might be invaluable.

In this particular case, the word 'Kai' used for supernatural phenomenons and creatures sounded like something from the Monogatari series, which I really hope wasn't part of this because I'm getting enough headaches as it is.

"Are you listening, Ōe-san?" She asked, pushing another outfit onto the growing pile. At my confirmation, she went on. "Narrowing the scope, we have 'supernatural races that aren't human' outside of japan they are called monsters or apparitions. Here, there is one famous word for it." She paused dramatically, looking away from the fabric she was testing with a smirk on her lips. "Yokai."

I tried to not roll my eyes at this showoff.

"Now, Yokai… well, there are Yokai everywhere, you can't really say if they are malevolent or benevolent until you're dealing with one, and you will one-day Ōe-san, I suggest stocking up on lore about the subject… for now though, all you have to know is that they are not always dangerous, but they might be."

I can see the fitting room at the distance, I know what's coming, I'm dreading it… and looking forwards to it.

"Next, we have Akuma… Hmm, to undestand them, you'll have to know a bit about Yokai history."

She closed the door of the fitting room, I relaxed a bit at the pause, but soon after she continued to speak from there. Her voice easily traveling from the closed space to my ears.

"Japan is somewhat unique from the rest of the world due to the enormous population of supernatural species. It got so bad that by the Sengoku Jidai, Yokai freely prowled the forest, attacked villages, and openly got involved with the local human politics. During these times, the separation between the two worlds was virtually non-existent. This would persist until the Meiji period, where the opening of the country's borders brought new ideas and new ways to suppress Yokai; only then we managed to reestablish the separation… and just in time too."

I was left to ponder that last statement when the door suddenly opened to reveal Seishuuin Shiori with a dress that showed way, way too much skin to be considered proper for her profession.

New skill created: Poker Face, lvl:01
Keeps the effect of emotions from showing on your expression.

This skill is silly, but I needed it, oh god, did I needed it.

"What do you think?" She asked.

I carefully kept my eyes on her face and only on her face, looking down would mean I'd have trouble thinking.

"Beautiful." Was my answer.

Shiori tilted her head. "Really? You didn't even look."

"Oh, I looked, believe me." There are proper ways to deliver lines like this; usually, if you don't stumble all over yourself and transmit security and confidence, you're golden, even in a world of easily pissed off anime girls.

The milf blinked, then gave me a teasing smile. "Perv~," She said and went back into the fitting room.

Minutes later, she restarted like this exchange hasn't happened.

"Of course, just because we'd managed to reassign the balance didn't mean the problem just disappeared, the yokai population continued to grow despite our efforts, until it reached a critical point on the Taisho period, where it threatened the balance again, and that time it seemed like it would be over for good, and worse, it would spread to outside of Japan due to the open borders. Disaster seemed imminent." By the changes in the tone of her voice and the direction she was going, I'd said she was getting into it. "But then, when everything seemed lost, a group of ten DaiYokai took matters into their own hands. Using their combined power, they created an entirely new world where the yokai could live in peace and crafted laws and mandates that would help the relationship between humans and Yokai for the first time in history. Nowadays, the Japanese government even recognizes its sovereignty. So, while it still very common to find Yokai around, the vast majority of them don't live in this world anymore."

Ah, Shiori certainly dropped a lot of bombs there; I can't even fathom the amount of power one must have to create an entirely new world.

Unless she is exaggerating, and it's more like my inventory, a pocket dimension with a lot of space in it. Yet to make a pocket dimension on the size and scale where people… or at least beings could live in it, still sound like quite the feat.

"Shiori-san," I called over the woman continuing speech, she's clearly passionate about the subject. "What does this have to do with Akuma?"

"Ah!" She made an awkward noise, noticing out now she was derailing things. "A-Akuma are simply Yokai who don't recognize the authority of their own government and cling to the old way. Like I said, the new Yokai government established new rules of conduct when in the human world, but these rules go directly against old yokai habit of eating humans and causing mayhem. Moreover, there are entire yokai communities who see the growing effort to cooperate and blend into the human world as a great sign of weakness and an insult to their species, so there comes the term Akuma, which came to be used when referring to Yokai who refuse to obey the new laws and still act like the Yokai of old."

So, the Sabbat to their Camarilla. Sounds simple enough.

"Ōe-san, what do you think?"

I looked up— Long Chinese dress. Silk spread tautly over unbelievable curves. A long slit on the lower end. Legs for days. Ranma-chan got nothing on this.

"Tasty."

… Wait, what did I say?

Shiori giggled. "Basically, Akuma are Yokai, but they are much more likely to attack you, and rarely consider humanity as anything other than food or annoyances. Any violent Yokai causing trouble is initially considered Akuma before we can clear this out and figure out why it's causing trouble in the first place— And what about this one?"

Poker Face leveled up

A tantalizing short skirt swayed as Shiori skipped back into the fitting room.

"Lastly, we have demons." This milf is doing this on purpose. I know it! "Unlike Yokai and Akuma, demons were never creatures of our world. They stem from Makai, another world that's deeply connected to our own."

The door opened, and she exited with another fantastic outfit, but her eyes were serious and hard, locking themselves into mine intently as she stepped close.

"Demons are direct enemies of mankind. They are evil, Ōe-san, living only to cause pain and suffering. They are also lustful and won't stop until they satisfy their sick desires. Out of all these three beings, demons are the most dangerous, not because they are the strongest or more powerful, but because they are the ones who are almost guaranteed to have the worst intention on their mind."

She stared into my eyes for a long moment to let the message sink deep.

… Then promptly turned around to show me a slender, creamy-white back.

"Would you help me with this zipper, Ōe-san?"

Shiori moved on to other lesser beings and dangers, but she made clear that these three types of creatures are the most commonly found on the abyss side of Japan, and she was quite insistent that I treat them all carefully.

"Next up… I suppose there are Gods, but they… they are complicated, and it's unlikely that you'll ever meet one." The milf continued as she placed her choices on the counter, though 'choices' are a bit of a stretch; she's taking everything she got her hands on.

"Sound interesting." I know a bit about how Campione!'s Gods worked, but not when they are mixed with lores from other settings like this world appears to be.

"It is, admittedly… Gods are… there is no conclusive answer for it, they exist and affect the world, but they also are affected by it, and as humanity is an enormous part of the world, they are directly molded by human belief, yet some part of their power are inherent to them, and they can also empower humans with the power humanity grants them and…" Shiori shook her head. "You stay should away from them, Ōe-san, most mean trouble and considering they are extremely powerful, they can bring a considerable amount to the fold, though there is also-AH!" She cut herself and looked at me. Her eyes widened a bit as she quickly added. "And they can never be killed, no, no, you should never try to kill a God, Ōe-san!"

Oi, oi, what is this? I know for a fact this isn't true, is she trying to keep the knowledge of Campiones from me? But why— Wait does she think I will attempt— What the hell do you think I will try to do Shiori-san!?

There was a cough at my side; it was the clerk demanding my attention. He showed me the price… and the multiple zeros it held.

Shiori smiled at me, expectantly.

… Fine, it's not like money is hard to get anymore, it's quickly becoming the things I care less about.

"Not even a hint of hesitation!" Shiori exclaimed. She had latched herself amorously on my side. We had briefly ducked into an alley so she could store all her new clothes on her tiny purse. All while I kept a hungry stare at the bag of holding. "As expected from the direct heir of the Ōe zaibatsu!"

Another sign that she'd did her homework when it comes to my past; I don't know how to feel about that— Wait, direct heir? Didn't this body's memories show that Ōe Hiroshi had an older brother? How can I be the direct heir then!?

I kept that to myself, of course. I wasn't about to talk private matters with a third party, no matter how hot she was. But I made a note to call that legal representative guy to talk about the state of my family later.

"So, can we talk about magic now?" The subject I'm most interested in.

"How impatient~" She teased with a chuckle, drawing herself even closer, which I can't say I don't appreciate. "Very well then, but the thing about magic is… AH!" She suddenly squealed and pointed at an area behind me. It seems to be a toy shop… with a claw machine beside the entrance.

"Ōe-san, get me something from that thing!" She demanded enthusiastically

"You're serious?" The sparkling green eyes told me that yes, she was serious.

New Quest: defeat the claw god and claim the toy from his toy throne!
A sexy woman is demanding a cute pushy toy, be a man and give her some.
Reward:
50 exp.
Increase closeness with Seishuuin Shiori.
Increase closeness with Seishuuin Ena.
Accept/Refuse

I even got a quest for it! I'm honestly amazed.

Well, it's not like it's a bother, and it does give out some pretty high exp for this level of difficulty. And there is also the fact the quest implied she would give the toy to her daughter… Yeah, I saw no problem with accepting it.

"It's difficult to talk about magic because there are hundreds, if not thousands variation of it." Shiori began with her face pressed on the machine's glass panel, watching me fail at claw. "At its core, magic is the manipulation of reality in accordance with one's will, and this phenomenon is fueled by a mystical energy that's thought to be part of the foundations of the world. This energy is present everywhere, but when inside a living being it takes a more tangible form. The western world, which utilizes this version of the energy more prominently, calls it 'mana'."

Nothing she said was really surprising if you think about, but hearing her put it to words was comforting like it was reassuring my discoveries.

"Using mana to cast spells is the most popular form of casting, I won't go into details because, frankly, it's impossible to go over everything even if I talk for a day, hell, maybe even for a week." She made a cheering noise when one of the toys approached the wining hole, but sighed once it fell. "Here in Japan, and the east in general, magic has taken a lot from Shintoism and the Daoist Arts, we tend to utilize a bit more than Mana on our spells and rituals… but going into Spiritual energy now would be opening a much bigger can of worms." She muttered that last part, but I managed to hear it. I made a note to look for that later.

I saw some kids looking at our direction; a 'grown-up' trying to win at a claw machine does attract some attention, I guess. This is bad because they would come over and probably take their parent with them, which could silence our conversation temporarily.

Thinking about ways I could beat this quest quickly, I come to a decision that's been slipping from my mind all this day and brought forwards my status screen. Dumping all my ten available points in Dex to equalize it to the other physical attributes, I finally got the last edge I needed.

Sure enough, my coordination and ability to gauge distances with my eyes greatly sharpened, it was a piece of cake putting the claw precisely on top of the blue penguin plushy I was aiming for.

It still took me three tries because the cheating machine was programmed to gradually lessen the strength of the claw as it made its way to the hole. But it was just a matter of persistence.

"Yay! Thank you, Ōe-san!" Shiori said cheerfully, while she rubbed her fluffy penguin against her cheek, the expression on her face made her look like a teenager for a moment.

Quest completed!
50 exp.
Your closeness with Seishuuin Shiori has increased.
Your closeness with Seishuuin Ena has increased.

"Is there something more you can tell me about the subject?" I asked.

Her green eyes gleamed mysteriously. "Well…"

She started breaking down the many styles of magic she knew about, but only gave me general information that while useful to know, it wasn't what I wanted. I kept my mouth shut about that, however; it was obvious that what I needed was a full blown magical teacher, and this meeting was strictly to introduce me to the basic of the abyss itself, not solely magic, details about that would have to wait until I found someone to teach me, or, if possible, I reach some kind of understanding with Shiori later.

Then, while we were crossing a relatively isolated street, a body fell out of an alley.

I flinched, but it was clear that it wasn't related to us, it was just a beaten up teenager being cornered by five bigger ones.

"Stop! I give! I give! Please no more!" Said the smaller teen, crawling backward while the others laughed and loomed closer.

"Oh, dear. Youngsters these days are so wild!" Shiori said more like an old lady than the young milf she was.

By now, I was used to all the random quests popping up in my vision. I don't even flinch when they pop up anymore, and I got good at reading them on the fly. But I never noticed the sheer amount that assaulted me every day before today, when I tried to actively ignore it to focus on Shiori.

However this; this is ridiculous.

It's like fate itself was changing the world to give me random encounters and quest opportunities, kinda like Ranma and the way cold water always seems to find him. This got to be the most blatant quest bait I'd ever experienced.

"W-What are you doing, no, no, my legs, please stop that!?"

"Shut up! That's what you get for going against Ragnarok! Break it guys!"

I sighed; might as well accept it, more exp this way.

"Excuse me for a moment," I said to a softly smiling Shiori

New quest: Magnificent debut of the— A quest screen predictably popped up, I just accept it without reading it, I didn't need to.

Literally twenty seconds later, I was flatting the face of the last one of the delinquents under a palm strike. The speed that I managed to finish that fight honestly scared me.

I looked at the droplets of blood on my palm, the same palm that has been injured by Ryoga's umbrella early today. I was lucky I chose to start with the strongest of them, some level 13 dude with a fancy title, my punch had sent him flying into a dumpster but thankfully didn't kill him. After that shock, I realized I had to hold back to deal with the rest; otherwise, I might have honestly crippled them.

I was still able to bring everybody down in seconds… was I this strong already?

Quest completed!
30 exp
Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.
You have made a debut into the Tokyo's delinquent scene.

Vipers? Is this guy part of them too? Heh, he also looks like he is thirty—Wait, debut to what!?

"W-Who… Who are you?"

I turned to the Viper guy on the ground. He was looking up at me with literal stars in his eyes.

Oh hell.

"Kyahhh, Ōe Hiroshi-kun~!" The mindboggling hot milf latched herself onto me, dragging her very prominent curves against my side "You are sooo cool-desu! Let's go to a love hotel right away!" She cried in an obnoxious female tone that didn't fit her at all.

The guy did the impossible and managed to add even more stars to his eyes.

Urg.

"That was horrible." I said to the milf after I finally managed to get the Viper guy to go on his way and stop bothering us with his 'nii-san!' bullshit.

"Sorry, sorry, I couldn't resist!" Shiori placed a hand on her cheek satisfyingly. "Playing with youngsters is so fun!"

I grumbled. I'm letting this go cuz it was my own fault in the first place.

Shiori chuckled, "I was serious, you know, that was an impressive display of physical prowess. Ōe-san, you might have a talent for martial arts."

I directed us to walk across what it seemed like a beautiful natural park. The late afternoon sunlight shone over us. "And what about Martial Artists? What can you tell me about them?"

"They are weird," Shiori answered immediately but chuckled soon after. "Though I suppose we are all weird in our own ways." She rested her head on my shoulder as we walked. "They are warriors that enhance their bodies with the raw energy of life itself, tempered within their bodies and expressed in their techniques, at first glance they are less flexible than mages but the sheer variety of styles and what they can accomplish may cast doubt on that, especially among masters. Their community is the one who is the nearest to the edge of the abyss; it's impressive who much absurdities a normal person can accept if it comes from martial artist, especially in Asian countries." A cold wind blew past, making her snug closer. "Maybe this is because they were always in the public eye, one way or another."

I thought about that. True, even back in my world, everybody knew or heard about martial arts, it's a practice that's been around forever, and it's accepted it could make a person do some crazy shit like breaking bricks with their hands and endure a great amount of pain. This is true for this world too, only here, a martial artist is capable of unleashing a lot more destruction and do a lot more impressive feats than back there.

I actually blinked when the realization came; if there have always been martial artists like Ranma or Ryoga who could causally break boulders with their hands, then I could see why it never raised much of a big deal. Hell, back in my world, someone like Ryoga would end up on the news for sure, but here nobody does anything more than look over curiously.

Holy shit, I never thought about that.

"Kukuku, Ōe-san looks interested." Shiori laughed, "You're in luck then; Japan, and Tokyo especially, have one of the biggest concentration of martial artists in the world, I wouldn't go so far to say that you're able to find masters in every corner but they are definitely around if you look for them. In fact…" She hesitated. As if she was deciding if she was going to share this or not, but she continued in the end. "Right now in the city there is a particular organization that's highly regarded as the strongest under the mountain, where a group of masters who reached the peak of their art gather. But." She placed a finger over her puffy lips. "I'm not allowed to tell their location. But I'm sure you'll be able to find them if you really try, those people are pretty noticeable."

Again, I made a mental note to look at that, it was not exactly what I was looking for, but it was interesting. Although… "The strongest under the mountain? That's an odd title."

"Ah, well… let's just say in the martial artist's world there is a… impossible mountain that nobody is capable of climbing. The rest just fight for the place under that said mountain."

Now, that sounded cryptic, but I had a fairly good idea of what she might be talking about. Considering that Campiones are a thing, and one of them, that Chinese chick I forgot the name off, was a Campione and a martial artist, it becomes pretty clear who this 'mountain' was.

"Ah, there! Let go there next!" Shiori suddenly called.

I sighed at the sight of the movie theater.

From then on, the conversation waved across various topics. It was indeed an 'introduction' to the more supernatural aspects of society; she kept things as general as possible so she could have time to touch on other subjects, the reason for this entire discussion really seems to be informing me about the supernatural dangers I might face rather than truly instruct me into a deeper meaning of a particular subject.

It was slightly disappointing, but I've been expecting this. This is only an introduction, after all. Frankly, the fact that the HCC is taking the time to tell me this speaks wonders about their organization.

That said, I have no doubt they could also help me more, provide me with knowledge and means to walk whatever path I take… But I'm not naïve enough to think that would come without strings attached.

It was well into the night by the time we reach the entrance of the park where Miraidochi-ji, the temple that Shiori is head Miko off, was located.

I have no idea why it isn't called Temple of The Heavenly Oni by the official sources, but I didn't make a comment in the case this was secret information that the Gamer displayed for me.

Shiori threw her arms up, stretching her back with a hum. "Mmm, time sure fly when you're having fun!"

"I'm glad you enjoyed this date then." I chuckled.

The milf snapped her eyes to me, staring me for a long moment before pouting. "… I wanted to see you squirm when I finally pointed that out."

"Sorry, but I'm not that naïve." I let out a breath. "It was fun, though."

"Definitely." She stepped close. I was preparing for her to step all the way to give me a kiss of the cheek like the last time, but instead, she surprised me. "Here."

From her cleavage pocket, she took out a small, thin book with no words in the cover.

"What is this?" I said, dismissing the message to absorb the information to look at it.

"It's a standard guide the HCC gives to every newbie like you. It has everything we talked about and more!"

Oh…

…

"Wait. Then, couldn't you just have given me that is the first place!? What was the point of all of that!?"

"Maaa~ I sure had fun today, this old lady feels ten years younger~," Said the milf with one hand innocently draped over her cheek.

I sighed. Fine, it's not like I mind having a curvy woman rubbing herself on me all afternoon.

"Then, if that's all."

"It's not, there is one last thing we have to talk about."

Eh?

Her tone is different; it grew heavy and serious, not at all like the cheerful woman I just had a date with. It was the tone she used when I first met her.

My shoulder stiffed suddenly as I noticed the change in the atmosphere.

"Ōe Hiroshi-san." She intoned. My name rang oddly on her lips. "I speak to you now not as a representative of the History Compilation Committee, but as the second daughter of the Seishuuin clan."

"Hai," I responded seriously. Trying to match her.

"Thank you."

"Eh?"

"You have done a great service to us by safeguarding the life of one of our own... The clan's elders have spoken and reached the unanimous decision to grant you a boon. Anything you ask, as long if it's within the realm of reason, the Seishuuin clan will do everything on its power to give it to you."

If I didn't realize right away how serious this was, the atmosphere would certainly give me a hint, I didn't know who the Seishuuin clan was, but they must have some weight behind their names if their second daughter is the leader of a huge supernatural temple with an army of mikos at her disposal.

I also didn't miss the implication of this, the clan was in my debt, and I was an outsider, I'm sure that while they may be thankful, they do not want the current state of affair, and asking me directly what I want was the shortest road to change that.

Still, this was an… invaluable opportunity.

This is it. This is what I wanted, the opportunity to get a magic teacher, and even better; this would come from a 'boon'. It would be the closest thing to a non-strings attached deal I could get in this still mysterious society.

So I open my mouth to ask for just that.

… And then I close it.

Opening again and… close it.

Crap.

My shoulders slumped and I closed my eyes. This was indeed the perfect opportunity, but everything I could think of was…

"I got this friend…" I opened my eyes, setting my voice. "He's been cursed. Could you cure it? Or at least do something about it?"

The night washed silently over us, crickets sounds filled the place.

"…Y-you're using a boon from the Seishuuin clan… for a friend?"

Something inside me squirmed, Urgggggg, It hurt so much hearing her putting like that!

Suddenly, Shiori starting laughing; A beautiful bell that rang musically in the cold night air but still gave me the embarrassment of the ages. I could feel my cheeks heating up.

"Sorry—"

"Yes! Of course, you would!" She giggled and raised a finger. "One week."

"Sorry?"

"Curses are not my specialty, but I know some of the best curse breakers in the country. Give me one week to prepare, then bring your friend to the Temple. We'll deal with it then." She beamed.

"Ah-I…" Well, it is done, sigh, Ranma better do something nice for me. "Thank you."

"Now, if this is everything."

Her green eyes shimmered. I recognized that look she held it before when… Yep, stepping close, she mashed her breast on my pectoral and tilted her head up to give me the same kiss from before.

Not this time!

"Mn!"

Was her surprised hiccup when I suddenly turned my face and met her lips with my own, circling my arms around her waist to keep her in place. After a moment of shook, her green eyes closed, and she mewls into the kiss, her hand wrapping around my shoulders.

There was no tongue, of course, no gentleman does that on the first date, but it was deep. Our bodies were close enough to share our warmth. I could feel Shiori's fragrance, her taste. It was intoxicating, but I've managed to keep a level head; my body wasn't as piled up as before.

When we separated, Shiori kept her lips pushed and eyes closed, and there was a faint blush painting her face. I felt good about this… purely for payback, of course!

"Ah." She let out as her eyes blinked open, seeing my boyish grin. "Ah… I… N-Nooo, I can't~ what would my husband say!?"

A scratching sound exploded in my head. "Hold on, what!?"

Shiori stumbled backward, her hands holding her brightly blushing cheeks while her mouth fought a growing smile. The light of a nearby post reflected over the golden ring on her left hand—Where the hell did that come from!?

"D-Darling, a handsome young man is trying to steal me away! What should I do!? What should I do!?" She wiggled her body from side to side, the silly smile still in place.

"Ah, I-I—Wait!" I hold up a hand, but she turned around and began hopping way.

"Darling, Ena-chan, save me~!"

And off she went.

I… I don't know what happened.

"Grrrr." I groaned, massaging my temples. "That sneaking Milf!"

"Aruji-sama."

"Ah!" I quickly snapped my head around to find Rin on my side, the night casting a long shadow over her clothed figure. "R-Rin!"

"Aruji-sama, this one has been trained in the arcane arts for a bit, she will be most happy to pass on this knowledge if needed." She said without a hint of stutter.

"Ah, yes, I mean, yes, thank you, that would help out a lot." Her sudden apparition made me think back about the day. I realized something. "Man, I really forgot you're watching us, I guess no matter how you are, your ninja skills are always top-notch."

"Guhhhhhh!!!"

"Rin? Wait, why are you pouting?"

-0-0-0-​

I let out a satisfied sigh, softly thumping the back of my head against the wall of my apartment.

At the far corner, which wasn't really that far, was a recently bought tiny television prompted by a steel frame with shelving space for a cassette player; it was turned on a late-night anime show that I didn't recognize. At another corner, fixed close to the base of the kitchenette, was a small squared table where I have my dinners on, it still had the plastic remains of the convenient store bentos over it. The curtains and the glass door to the narrow balcony were open and half-open respectively, letting in the chilly night inside while letting the previously cramped air out. It still smells like sex a little, something that caused the moe ninja to let out no shortage of amusing reactions.

"Guhhhhh."

And speaking of the Taimanin, her embarrassment had reached critical mass a short while ago, making her sense go haywire. She then collapsed comically on the tatami floor, and I took the opportunity to peel out some of her clothes, not nearly enough to threaten her modesty, but enough to let her sweaty skin breathe a little.

Her unconscious form mewled a little against my leg as I lazily worked my fingers on her scalp; I find it cute that she unconsciously drew close to me when I sat next to where she was lying.

This place has quickly become home.

Ahahh, I don't want to move! But I've certainly been tracked there, having this kind of information around, especially after the talk I had and the guide I absorbed sounds a bit too risky for my paranoia's sake, and that's not even counting the hassle I'll have to go through with my family agent; he definitely going to see it as me trying to weasel out from the tradition, I wouldn't be the first Ōe who tried.

… But I guess these are worries for the future, right now I had something much more interesting to try out, something that I've been itching for, ever since my 'meeting' ended.

The mysterious card easily slipped out of my pocket. The size of the thing should have made it difficult to fit in a pant's pocket in the first place, but I had been able to slide inside just as easy as a car key or a small wallet. In fact, it should have been bothering me all day by scrapping against my leg or at least making itself noticeable, but it didn't. It impossibly fitted inside the smaller compartment without much difficulty.

A gamer screen interrupted my musings about spacial anomalies.

You have found a special magitech artifact of Alien Origin.
Do you wish to assimilate it into the gamer system?
Yes/No

The implication of this sentence made me literally drool, and it provoked a pang of dread to traverse my system. After all, I had found out today, all the politics, different races, secret groups, and supernatural dangers, I still have to take freaking Aliens into consideration. That was what the gamer was implying, at least.

On another hand, I had a piece of magitech around my fingers, a perfect combination of technology and magic. A better, more capable man than me would've been able to experiment the fuck out of it, and learn it's secrets, or at least figure out what the fuck it does. I, however, am not capable of that, so I went with the next best option.

As soon as I hit 'yes' an honest-to-god progress bar appeared, it took a few seconds to fill up, and as it did so, the card slowly dissolved into specks of blue light.

And then finally…

Nothing.

… More nothing.

I thumped my head on my wall again, sighing. Well, good try, I guess.

Skill created through special action: Summon Cardian lvl 01.
Allow you to summon a servant construct of the Sylvan race. The max level of the Cardian is tied to the level of this skill.
Active Summon slots: (1/1)
Cardian available:
Unnamed of The Strength

Skill created through special action: Cardian Refilling lvl 01.
Allow you to refill a cleansed Cardian in exchange for MP.

The appearance of the two special skills made me jerk upright.

"Ouww."

"Sorry Rin," I said to the woman on the floor, but she just continued to sleep, at least she seems to do so.

I turned my attention back to the screens, carefully reading the contents. Then a grin threatened to split my face.

That's a summon, right? I just got a summon creature skill, basically the ability to summon someone to have my back in a fight. Fuck, that could change everything about how I do combat, the possibilities alone would— I have to try it out! Ludicrous amount of Mp cost no standing.

So I did, I activate the skill, and it immediately became apparent that I wouldn't be able to use this in the middle of a fight.

Not only the Mp cost was immense, but also the progress bar that popped out on the corner of my vision told me I would need a full minute to summon that thing.

This realization would come to me later, right now I was busy trying to translate whatever the fuck my Mana was doing into less mindboggling terms. The skill has taken control of my reserve like I was doing a default spells, but I can't for the life of me figure out what the heck it was doing, only that my mana was being used, somehow.

It was disconcerting, like, if a master martial artist grabbed your arms, tied your legs to his own, and then forced your body into complex movements to beat an alley full of enemies. You still feel the movements, you still watch the process, and you still achieve the objective, but you can't really process how.

"A-Arujin-sama! Get back!" Rin suddenly put her body between me and the center of the room. Where a bunch of my mana had somehow ended up and… Oh, they were condensing into a pretty evil-looking mass of darkness.

It just occurred to me then, what I was summoning. That monster, that furry cow woman thing that fought through an army of mikos and priest to kidnap or kill a little girl, I remembered how vicious she was in a fight, how mercilessly she brutalized me, and how she seems to enjoy the dread and hopeless she provoked on the girl as she slowly walked to her defenseless target. That thing wasn't something a morally upright person would use.

This was too close from demon summoning from my taste, and just after I absorbed a guide detailing why that was such as stupid idea in the first place.

The game system didn't care for my sudden pang of regret; it dutifully finished the progress on the bar, and stop gnawing on my Mp at the same time.

"MINON!"

The roar shook the apartment, bashing both me and my taimanin with an almost physical shockwave of air that knocked down most of the things on my apartment, including my brand new television. One more, my ears were assaulted by that joyful sound this monster always…

Hold on, joyful?

I lowered my arms from my face and blinked my eyes open.

She stood in the center of the apartment, a 2 meters tall, California tanned, hourglass figure of considerable muscle definition. A combo of reddish gauntlets and greaves covered her arms and legs, a metal bikini top tried to hold her massive breasts, a similarly metallic thong did a better job with her modesty, though the short leather curtain they had didn't do anything about the naked thickness of the thighs. A cloud-like mass of spiky golden hair fell to her back, save for a pair of pink bangs among the ones that fell over the attractive face that was locked into an expression of pure excitement. She would have looked just like a normal woman, albeit Amazonian tall, amazingly proportioned, enviably muscular and wearing a high-quality barbarian cosplay if it wasn't for the inhuman traits: An pair of huge dark brown horns on top of her head, and an equally large bovine tail flapping from her lower back.

Definitely not the blue and red monster that I faced before.

"GREETINGS MASTER! I AM READY FOR YOUR COMMAND!" She can talk now too!? "TELL ME WHAT TO SMASH, MINON!"

Unnamed.
Cardian of The Strength
Level 05.

And that was when Rin threw a shuriken at her forehead, which made her yelp, flinch back, and pierce her horns through the walls of my apartment like it was made of paper. She then proceeded to curse like an angry sailor in full volume.

I can feel my headache growing.



A/N: So there you have it, the dreaded exposition chapter, to tell the truth I'm really worried about this one cuz I don't like exposition chapters in general and try to avoid them but I kinda wrote myself into a corner by putting a non-malignant organization who is willing to help the MC out by explaining this, I hope I made it entertaining at least.

Course, you can get the hints of the other cross over from the talk, some more then other, I'm also worried by the Yokai lore cuz I blend something together with many different settings into a coherent whole. but until now no canon that I'm using it's only of shape, but I guess now it's just trying my best.

Minotauron's new appearance:

Spoiler: She looks mostly like this.

Spoiler: This is what she wears

Edit: Also Aruji-sama is a old japanese way to refer to master, it's who samurai and ninja refers to their lords.

Edit 2: Fucking forgot about the preview.

Chapter 7 Preview: Hooligans! Grinding! Martial Art! B-B-Boss! Expectation Subverted! OH MY!!!
Last edited: Feb 11, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DeltaRyuujin, SwaffleWaffle and 1,280 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 29, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 07
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Mar 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#2,720
Edit:
Ok guys, I did some thinking and decided that the chapter is already enormous as it is, and like I said the only reason I cut into parts in the first place was because I couldn't meet all the promises I made in the preview of chapter 6 part 2, I fear that if it continue like that the story will become a mass of parts this and parts that, plus the chapter 7 really feel like its own chapters.

Anyway, my point is I'm going to change the title of the chapter for chapter 7 as a whole, with the next one being chapter 8. Don't worry, next chapter will met the rest of the preview I promised.

There isn't to say I will never break the chapters in parts again, but I'm going to reserve that to more especial occasions or overly hyped chapters, basically It's a tool of the narrative I want to use.

Now, I don't really want to get rid of the preview entirely cuz they are fun to write and are a icon of many 90's anime, so I'm still going to try to keep them, but I'll limited their content to three or four words rather than many, if they continued to be a problem I'll get rid of them for good.


Chapter 07








The werewolf in my class was kind enough to inform me that my Illusion Barriers affect reality, so now I have to be mindful of that.

That's why I'm standing on a vacated lot near my apartment and not inside it.

"Id create!" I chanted to the early morning sun and watched the world grow darker around me, the city soon grayed out and was taken over by a deep mist.

Even with the low visibility and the distant sounds the monsters were making, it was still less creepy than the utter silence of the empty version of the skill.

Illusion Barrier Creation leveled up!

Nice! I was starting to get worried.

Dismissing the screen, and not wanting to erase the barrier and raise it again for what was essentially an experiment; I focused on my brand new skill and activated the minute-long summoning sequence.

As the progress bar filled up, I could somehow feel the new alien creature I'd ordered to stay at my apartment disappearing from where she was, and appearing there, right over the evil-looking summoning circle.

"UWOOOHH! MINON HAS ARRIVED! MINONNNN!!"

I flinched at the minotauress's booming voice. In retrospect, naming her after her verbal tic was a bad idea; now I can't know when she was referring to herself or just exclaiming the thing for the heck of it.

Why did I do that again? Oh yeah, it was funny to me

Minon.
Cardian of The Strength.
Level: 5

Well, it's not like I can take it back now.

"Volume!" I reminded the summon.

"WHAAT… Oh! Yes!" She kept the broad smile up while she rubbed the back of her head with a gauntleted hand, "Sorry, master."

I nodded, "This is the place I talked about. You can go wild as much as you like in here." She loudly inhaled an excited breath at these words. "There is a lot of monsters around. Your duty is to kill them… Are you sure you're ok with spending all day like that?"

"Yes! Of course! I want that very much, minon!"

She certainly seems like it, with the whole trembling with excitement and all.

"What about food?" I asked.

"Tasty! But don't need it!"

"Rest?"

"What's that? Minon?"

Ok, not human, already knew that… That confused 'minon' was kinda cute, though.

"Right then. Minon, I order you to slaughter the monsters in this area for the rest of the day."

"YES!!!" She beamed, then she rushed to the side and promptly brought down her Warhammer on top of a slime that got too close.

The ground beneath the creature cracked easily, but the monster itself didn't see to be bothered by it and just reformed its body around the hammer's head like I'd seen they do with Ranma's fist.

"Oh, and some of the monsters are immune to blunt damage, so you have to find another way too…" I trailed off.

Wait a second!

"Grrr! Annoying thing!" Minon groaned as she hoisted her weapon high with the slime around it. Then the slime began to shine—no, the hammer part of the weapon started to shine.

Minon struck the weapon down again, seemly aiming at the ground itself. "POWER STRIKE!"

The ground and the creature exploded, throwing shrapnel's and slimy goo everywhere and leaving a pretty sizable crater behind.

"AND STAY SMASHED WHEN I SMASH YOU! MINON!"

The display had left me momentarily stunned, but I didn't lose sight of what I'd noticed before.

"Minon, wait!" I shouted before she could disappear into the mist. The cowgirl's body suddenly froze under the weight of my command, but she was able to move again once she reined in her bloodlust and stopped fighting it.

"Master, come on!" Minon whined like a petulant child, both of her arms slumped with the long handle of the Warhammer in her grip. "You said—"

"Where did you get that?" I asked, interrupting her complaint.

"Minon?" She looked down confusedly. Checking out her bikini barbarian getup, her bovine tail waggling behind her with the inspection. The incriminatory Warhammer was now propped at her side, standing as tall as she was, with a comically large head. It looked more at home in a Jrpg than real life.

"That thing." Repeated, making obvious where I was pointing. "I'm certain you didn't have that weapon before, I'd definitely have noticed it if you did."

In fact, now that I'm looking at her closely, the weapon wasn't the only thing different about her. Her gauntlets from last night, hell, from before I exited the apartment, were a pair of enormous, bulky things that made her already muscular arms look three times bigger than they actually were, but now her gauntlets were gripping tightly to her skin, looking way more slender than before. They're still huge due to the size of her arms, but it was a shadow of the size of before.

"Oh, this?" She said, waving the weapon a few times before resting it at her shoulder. "I grabbed it!"

… Ok, how? Where? I thought I ordered her to stay in the apartment.

"And where exactly did you grab it?"

"Ah, in between, minon." She said with a nod and a smile, happy to have explained things so precisely.

I tried to not let my eyebrow twitch. "What is this, 'in between', Minon?"

"You know, in between, in between!" She lowered her weapon to the ground, propping its long handle on her shoulder as she began to gesture with her now free hands. "Like, I was in that boring squared room, and now I'm here. But I went past the in between and was able to change things up."

…In between, maybe… the place where she goes when she isn't summoned? And she's saying she went to this place now, in the minute it took for her to be summoned.

No, I distinctly felt her being dismissed from my apartment in the exact same moment the progress bar had filled up. So she when to that place in an instant and… what? Picked up a weapon…

Her gauntlets... They are not only smaller, but they also lacked the fingerplates they used to have, almost like...

"A weapon. You can choose between different weapons when you're summoned." I concluded.

"Eyup!" Minon declared happily, twirling the heavy Warhammer as if it was a wooden stick. "I have this to smash things well, I have my gloves to smash things with my punches, and I have a bigass ax to slash things if I ever get tired of smashing things, but I never used, minon!"

Three weapons she can choose from. This wasn't displayed in the skill's info.

"You can change anything else beyond your weapons?" I asked.

"Ehhh, I don't care about that, I only want to smash things; can I go smash things now master? Let me smash things!" She whined.

"Just a second, I want to see something first."

She'd said she didn't care, meaning she goes by her instinct, but it doesn't mean she doesn't know about it. I breathed in and tried a different approach. "Minon, tell me what you can choose when you are about to be summoned," I said, activating the skill-based effect that would make my words into an order to her.

The results were immediate.

She straightened up her back, the butt of her weapon clanging on the floor as she hoisted it with the discipline of a formal guard. Her normally restless green eyes suddenly went numb.

"Master, I'm able to choose between a pair of fighter gauntlet, a two-handed Warhammer, a two-handed battleax, or go unarmed for my melee options. I'm also able to choose up to three abilities from a pool of six in each summoning, with the individual level of each decreasing in relation to the amount chosen. I'm also able to choose where to allocate my status points provided that I do not stray from the template of The Strength aspect. I'm also able to choose my outwards appearance to a certain extent; this includes the length and color of my hair, the shade of my skin, the definition of my musculature, the size of my chest."

At the end of her mechanical rant, she blinked, her green going back to their natural shine. "Oh yeah, I can do that! Thank you for reminding me, master!" She finished with a big, toothy grin.

Meanwhile, I was getting over my shock: I'm pretty sure she used gamer related terms right there. Is it because she is a construct created by the Gamer? Maybe if I…

"Status." I tried.

Ōe Hiroshi
The Gamer—

I closed the screen and tried again.

"Show me the Cardian status." Nothing. "Cardian, status." My status screen popped up again, which I closed without pause. "Minon, status… Cardian Minon Status."

A screen popped up— there we go!

Minon.
Cardian of The Strength.
Level: 5
Hp: 4.800/4.800.
Mp: 25/30
Str: 130
End: 95
Dex: 09
Agi: 04
Int: 02
Wis: 02
Cha: 03

Abilities:
Power Strike. lvl 02.
Bask your next strike with your internal energy to increase its damage.

Tough Skin. lvl 02.
Your skin is leathery and hard to break, increases your natural defense to physical attacks.

Berserker Fury. lvl 02.
When your Hp decreases below 20%, you receive a boost of Str and End, at the price of Int and Wis.

She does have a status screen!

Also holy shit, she got a three-digit stats at level 5, and the amount of Hp she has is pretty cheaty too… Though all her other stats are all below 10, so, balance?

I chuckled, she really is integrated into the gamer system, even if she is technically a different person, she still my summon, maybe the system sees her as a mechanic itself, or a weapon, hell, or even a spell. But I suppose this doesn't matter. Also, I do not see any exp bar on the place mine usually stays, but that kinda makes sense considering her level is tied to my Summon Cardian skill.

I'm really liking this stream of discoveries! And that's even before I tried out what I actually come here to see in the first place.

"Master, come onnn," Mino whined again, clearly tired of my evils chuckles and eager to do what apparently was her favorite thing in the world.

"Right, right, sorry, anyway, that should be enough for now. So Minon." I smirked, letting a pause hang in the air. "Smash."

Always wanted to say that.

"YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!" Was her fierce battle cry as she sunk into the mist. The appropriated smashing sounds followed shortly after it.

I grinned while I watched my exp bar. It seems the experiment was a success. Slowly but surely, the bar was being filled.

-0-0-0-​

I was still keeping my eyes on the ex bar as I exited the ID and went into the city.

Truth be told, it wasn't an efficient method of leveling up. If my calculations were correct, I'm only gaining part of the total exp from the monsters Minon killed, another part went directly to my Summon Cardian skill, and a third part was seemly lost. That pissed me off a little; wouldn't make more sense if the exp were divided equally?

The answer is yes, yes it would. But instead, the gains are almost random; sometimes I get most of it, other times my skill receives the most, and on others, both I and my skill get the minimal amount, and the majority was lost.

Fucking Gamer, work with full numbers, damn it!

That annoying fact, coupled with the fact that my level is way above the monsters of an Illusion Barrier level 4, made so the amount of exp I received was small and anything but consisted. Still, a semi-constant stream of 1 or 5 exp is better than nothing. The trick was to forget about it and go about my day.

And that was what I did: navigating the streets with growing familiarity. I kept my eyes open for the type of shop I wanted to find, but I wasn't so lucky, my current objective, however, was actually quite easy to find, I just needed to ask some locals for direction.

The Tendo's residency stretched over a sizable chunk of rectangular land. It was composed of a large two-story house built on the traditional Japanese style, a smallish dojo built in the same way, and, going by what the show showed me, a pretty ample greenery with trees and a koi pond spread around it. I let out a whistle of appreciation as my eyes rolled over the white painted walls.

Definitely a decent sized house, but not quite a mansion; I've seen what actual Japanese mansions looked like, especially on the Ōe side of my memories, those fuckers can stretch like football stadiums.

I was circling the walls in the direction of the front entrance when I realized I wouldn't need to go that far. There were unmistakable sounds of meaty strikes and shouted cries coming from a particular part of the wall that told me there was fighting going on the other side.

"Hey, Ranma!" I shouted over the walls.

"Hiroshi?" Came the reply, then, a loud crash happened, followed by a muffled sound, and then a noisy splash of water before Ranma leaped over. Landing in front of me wearing a slightly ruffled training gi.

"Hey man, how's it going? Didn't know you knew where I lived." He said with a cheerful smile.

"I asked around. Got sometime? I have excellent news." I gave him a smile of my own, eager to see his face when I tell him. "I'm sure you'll like it a lot."

"Hoh? Try me,"

And on the next instant, a freaking panda crashed down right on top of Ranma.

No, no, it wasn't a panda; there is no way that thing could be a panda. Pandas are cuddly-looking creatures that grow up to a man's waist. That thing? I gigantic black and white monster bear that loomed over two meters tall, it also had circular glasses dangling from one furry ear, and a drenched gin top tautly stretched over his fat shoulder.

Holy crap, he is a lot more intimidating in real life!

No, no wait, this was just the shook of the first meeting, I can see the goofiness counterbalancing the fierce aspects.

Saotome Genma.
Cursed Master Thief of the Anything Goes
Level: ???

Wait, I can't see his level!?

What the—I thought he was a buffoon!

"Get… Off of me!" Roared Ranma as he surged to his feet, flipping the half-ton pile of fur, muscle, and fat out of his back.

To my surprise, the monstrous panda seems to glide in mid-air just like Ranma does when he jumps, before landing at a distance.

"What the heck, pops!?" Ranma complained to the beast while he rolled his aching shoulders.

The panda made some feral noises; it sounded… well, it sounded like a dog trying to speak. Except it was a lot throatier… and it got a better result. I could almost make out words.

"What was that pops?" Ranma cupped his ears. "Maybe if you speak louderrr!" He mocked.

The panda stomped the ground angrily, but in the end, decided to let his gestures do the talking. Suddenly, there was a pair of buckets filled with water on each of his paws, his muzzle twisting into an evil grim.

"You wouldn't dare!" Ranma challenged but hopped back with a yelp to avoid a splash of water.

"So that's your panda-dad-man." I finally found enough voice to comment. I swear; there is never a dull moment with this guy. "Why do you care if he turns you into a girl? I do have warm water, you know?"

"It's a matter of pride!"

With a bear-like roar, Genma charged at us. For some ungodly reason, he decided to target me too.

And that's how Ranma and I got chased down the street by a giant panda bear. It was an ok way to start Sunday.

-0-0-0-​

I almost regret not staying behind and invite myself over for breakfast. Seeing the iconic scenery I've seen some many times during my childhood, and much more in the form of hidden details the camera never showed, would have been a nice experience.

Still, knowing the setting I was now part of, I thought it would be wiser to give this kind of information to Ranma and Ranma alone.

Plus, her face right now… priceless.

"You serious!?" Exclaimed the redhead with mouth hanging open, her large blue eyes taking more space than they normally did. Her expression was a mixture of shook, incredulity, and a growing spark of hope.

"Did you know you have a tinge of purple around the top of your eyes that looks remarkable like makeup?—"

"You're not bullshittin' me, right Hiroshi!? I gonna be furious if you're bullshittin' me!"

"I'm not bullshitting you! Stop fucking shaking me!"

Why it's alway with the shaking!?

She finally released me, and I stumbled back, bumping against the rail of the intersectional sidewalk we stopped by. Not that the place made any real difference; there was no one around at these hours.

Ranma looked at her trembling hands, her fingers closing as her mind worked on what I told her. "I'm gonna be a man." She murmured.

"I'M GONNA BE A MAN!" She burst out, throwing her fist to the sky. "YEAHHHH!!" She shouted so loudly that some dogs on a nearby alleyway began to bark.

I winced at the unexpected shrill sound but smiled just the same. Normally, I would totally be leering her bountiful chest that was currently laid poorly hidden under a loose fabric of a drenched gi, but no… I don't feel like it right now.

"Hey, hey, I said they would have a look at your curse." I insisted once Ranma settle down a little, though 'a little' was a bit up to discussion. Better to make things clear and not give her any wrong ideas. "I don't know if they gonna be able to cure it."

Shiori did say whoever she gonna call was among the best in the country, but I decided to omit that so Ranma wouldn't create even more expectation than what she already has. I was trying to keep my own expectations in check too; this is a Jusenkyo curse we're talking about, if I knew this setting right, there is probably a zany catch to it all, or fate itself would make something happen for the cure to not work.

But even beyond my meta-knowledge, I didn't think a 4.000+-year-old magical curse will be cured by drinking the right mixture of tea or something like that. Got to be prepared for the worst, and the insane.

"Still!" Ranma beamed, slowing down her honest to god spin. "It's the close I ever got since China! I didn't think I'd…" She stopped, finally clicking her feet on solid ground.

Then I got to witness one of the most sincere smiles I saw on a person.

"Thanks, Hiroshi. I appreciate it."

I'm a man, an adult manchild with an adequate-enough social experience, so I most certainly didn't blush for being put on the spot by my friend who was currently in the form of a hot redhead at her most beautiful. No sir, it was barely a flush.

Letting out a slow breath, I finally answered. "No problem, man, anytime."

Twas enough.

"HAH!" Ranma suddenly screamed at my face.

"The fuck!?" I cursed, stumbling back again.

The redhead looked at me with pure determination in her eyes. She placed her hand on her hips and pushed her busty chest up, which produced a rather interesting motion. "Alright, hit me!"

I raised my eyebrow and indulged her.

"Not this way!" She shouted quickly as she ducked under my punch. "But good one. Would have done the same. Serious now, what's the catch?"

I can't say I blame her for thinking this way. I even expected that, in fact.

"This was a boon; I got it after killing a devil cow and saving a little girl. I just told you that." I'd given her an abridged version of what had happened before getting to the main point. I don't know how much she believed, of course, it sounded pretty unbelievable to me even while I was telling the tale, though she didn't vocalize her doubts if she had any. "The catch had already been paid as far as I am concerned, so, unless. the cure involves some unrelated thing we must do, I say there isn't any."

"That's not how things work!" Ranma made a complicated expression, as if trying to work out the contexts. "' Right. So what can I do for you?"

"Excuse me."

"To repay you! What can I do to repay you!?" She repeated.

I… thought about that for a second. I'd asked for a cure for Ranma on a whim, not expecting anything for it, it just seems like one of those things you obviously do.

But at the same time, I tried to see things from Ranma's perspective. His curse wasn't a big deal for me, but it was a very big deal for him, having someone just come and offer a cure just out the goodness of their heart might seem too good to be true, especially when we consider the life she had, and the people she usually interacts. Plus, having someone just come and shower you with good things just because they like you is really embarrassed sometimes, like you don't deserve it. I experienced that a few times in my old life.

"Just to be clear, this really is a case where I expect nothing in return, believe it or not." Ranma frowned a little at that, but I raise a hand before she could complain. "But there is something you can do for me."

"Anything!" She said firmly.

Time to make this official, I guess.

"Teach me martial arts."

"Eh." She blinked; the slightly purple tinge around her eyelids really looks like makeup. I wonder how I never noticed that before. "But I was doing that already!"

"Yeah, I kinda ask for some tips and hints before, so I assumed that's what you were doing. Still, I think it's time to stop beating around the bush." I did a formal bow almost subconsciously, honoring my Japanese side. "Ranma-shishou, please teach me!"

I admit I was partially messing with her in that last bit.

My reward was a strangled squeak that sounded so, so good coming from Ranma-chan's sexy voice, "S-Shishou!?" She gasped but quickly recovered her composure. "Y-Yosh! If you really want that I got no choice! I'mma teach you!" She actually sounds really fired up about that. "And stop bowin'! It's weirdin' me out!"

The good Japanese boi cried within me as I straightened my back.

"Alright! Show me what you got!" Ranma demanded immediately.

I tilted my head at that. "Sorry?"

"I taught you some foundations before, show me!"

"Ah." I scratched my cheek, were going to jump right into it? Ah well

Now, I remember the forms almost perfectly, my memory has gotten better due to the Int points, but he'd taught me that, what? Three days ago? I did the exercise… once when he wasn't around, and I forgot to do it today due to the whole Minon thing. Shit, now I feel a little embarrassed.

"The thing is…" Don't want to admit it, avoid! Avoid! "Come on, man, you taught me that three days ago."

"That's more than enough time to get it perfectly!" Ranma chirped.

… Is it? I mean, I never really dabbled in martial arts before, but to do it perfectly after three days feels kind of…

It occurred to me then that Saotome Ranma might have some skewed perspective about how ordinary people progress in martial art.

"Come on!" She insisted.

I sighed, deciding to bit the bullet. I walk a few steps forwards to have some space and mentally prepared to have Ranma insult my form. Then, I started.

There were seven forms, or kata, that Ranma showed me, she… though I suppose it was he at the time, told me to practice the first three. I remember how the looked like but I never couldn't fully…

…

I did it.

After a pause, I did it again.

Before, it was practically impossible to keep my balance, but now it was no more difficult than balancing my next step. Transitions that felt awkward and stiff were now smooth and fluid. Stretches that seemed impossible before now were very much within the range of possibilities.

How!

How is this happening!?

I had no… I didn't try… I didn't even practice that! How are they coming out so easily!?

…My stats! That was the only explanation; I had 30 points more in each of my physical stats, 10 points more in my dexterity.

Only that, already made this much difference?

Somewhere along the way, I stopped. Putting my two feet on the ground and changing stances. I heard Ranma protesting behind me, but I had to try it.

It was harder to do it from my memories because I only had pictures and text for reference, not the moving demonstration Ranma had shown me.

Wing Chun; fast punches and palm strikes, frequent hips movement, low kicks focusing on sweeps.

Karate; efficient movements, synchrony of punches always with one arm free for defense, numerous kicks.

Jeet Kune Do; an explosion of fast movement in all directions with a focus on keeping balance and using a move to prop the next one.

Bājíquán; full-body movements with your full weight behind it, numerous short-ranged but explosive attacks.

Muay thai;—

I felt a bump in my lower back.

"It's too straight. You have to bend this part a little." Ranma commented. She then easily slipped into the Muay Thai stance I was trying to imitate. "Like this. See?"

And so we continued. I went through the extensive collection of forms and poses I've absorbed, and Ranma accompanied me the whole time giving me pointers about the styles she learned herself or fought against before, which turn out to be all of them, no surprise there, I got the training manuals for a public bookshop; they are not exactly niche.

It was just a demonstration of each style, a fraction of what I had in my head. By the end, I had a small layer of sweat over my skin, and my breathing was heavy. But it was so damn satisfying.

"So?" I asked Ranma. Technically I went against his order, but I wanted her opinion.

"That was very weird." She said instantly.

Ok… that wasn't the repose I was expecting.

"Where did you learn all of that?" Ranma asked.

I hesitated briefly but decided that honesty was the best route.

"I can memorize books, like, right down to every letter. I memorized a lot of martial arts instruction manuals."

"Manuals." Ranma cupped her chin. Bushing my incredible bomb, I dropped on her to the side, though maybe she was hype focused on another subject. "That might be it. I never saw somethin' like that."

"What?"

She noticed she'd spoke that out loud and moved to explain.

"Like, your heart isn't on it… No, no, that's not quite what it is… You weren't movin' with your body. Got it?" She tried.

"No."

Ranma clicked her tongue. Scratching her hair loudly. "Anyway, I ain't good with this stuff, but I know the problem! You got to practice! Like every day, all day, all the time. You might know the moves, but your body sure as hell don't!"

Wait, that actually made a little bit of sense to my fanfiction and literature experienced mind. It's muscle memory, or something similar to it. It would make sense that Ranma found it strange because my body isn't normal. If we try to imagine an average martial artist's progress: he'd go through, learning a move, failing at it, then practice again and again until you can do it… and at the same time, you have conditioned your body to be able to do it with your attempts. I imagine that I skipped a few steps at that due to my stats

"Go back to what I taught you, you can try the rest on your own, just repeat what you know until you can do it with your body too," Ranma said, stepping across from me.

"Can I use those in a fight?" I asked the most important thought that crossed my head.

That display… Before it felt like I was posing rather than doing kata, but now, with my body vastly better and Ranma's instruction fixing the small bumps, I think-

"' Course not, idiot."

Was Ranma immediate answer.

"What? Why!?" I couldn't help but it demand, I didn't whine damn it.

"Your breathin' still sucks, your balance got better but it didn't get any more solid, and you fight like a robot. Anyone with a hint of sense would be able to counter it. Hell, you should be able to counter it if someone came at you like that."

He's not wrong… maybe; I mean I know how to handle myself in a real fight, piles of surprisingly crafty Kappa made sure of that. There are a lot more factors to take into consideration in a real fight, and the more I thought about it, the more I saw how difficult it would be to do textbook perfect kata in the middle of that chaos.

"You can sneak a move or two if you see the opportunity, I guess, as long as your guts say so," Ranma said in a sigh after she saw how depressed I was getting. "Now, guards up! We're burning sunlight!"

Oh? Keeping the surprise of my face, I entered the first kata Ranma taught me. "Are you going to teach me the others kata?"

"Teach you the others? You barely perfected the first three! No, I'm helpin' you out with those first."

"Oh." I hummed… and then saw Ranma walk to my front, and get into an identical stance. "Ranma, what are you doing?" I said, my sense of dread steadily increasing.

She gave me a confused look, a genuinely confused look. "What? You asked me to teach you, right? Well, I'm goin' to teach you!"

And then she blurred forward, fist raised.

Oh boy.

-0-0-0-​

Skill created: Martial Arts Mastery, lvl 01.
Gives intuitive grasps about how to fight using a general ability on martial art without focusing on any particular styles, increases the damage of unarmed attacks.

Skill created through special action: Anything Goes Style Mastery, lvl 01
Gives intuitive grasps about how to fight using the Anything Goes style of martial art, increases the damage of unarmed attacks.

I cracked open the eyes and finally read the two skills I'd got some time during the beat down.

"Humm? It only seems to be a few light bruises. Are you sure you got it right, Ranma-kun?"

"What?... The heck! He's totally fine now! What gives!?"

At my side was the now male Ranma, and the man I recognized as doctor Tofu even without the nametag and surprisingly high level of 48 informing me of this fact.

My eyes quickly went back to my skills.

It was a literal world pain to get these two.

Very much worth it, though.

-0-0-0-​

"Your body's freakish."

Was Ranma's comment about the fact I could go from 'purple and unconscious' to 'utter immaculate' in about half an hour.

"Oh, the irony," I said to the guy who could change sex under cold water.

"It's so unfair! Do you know how much could train if I had this recovery rate!?"

"Don't talk to me about unfairness, mister I-learned-with-a-freaking-glance."

Yes, it seems my early ascertainment of Ranma knowing or having fought against most of the styles I displayed was wrong. There were indeed some styles he knew or fought against, but most, as I came to find out, he wasn't familiar with. What he did then was copy what I did and then deduced, yes freaking deduced, the right way to move from that. Most annoying of it all was that he was right on the money in all his conclusions and could move much better than me in anything he tried.

Annoying martial art genius.

"Alright," Ranma crossed his arms behind his head in a relaxed manner, apparently accepting and moving on from the fact I could bounce back from utter exhaustion in a few minutes. "What's next?"

We had maintained a lazy, but steady pace ever since we left Doc Tofu's clinic, it didn't take much time for me to reorient myself and pick a direction. Ranma had changed into one of the extras outfits we keep within the storage; a habit created from multiple encounters with cloth-dissolving slimes.

It was around noon now, meaning we'd spent the better part of the morning beating my new martial skills into my body. Ranma had continued to follow me even after he declared training done, signifying that we would hang out today, apparently.

"I'm gonna see to the reason I left home in the first place." My inventory screen popped up on my side and let my mangled baseball bat fall into my hand. "Repair this."

Ranma whistled as he inspected the damage, he gestured for me to pass it to him and tried out a few swings.

"Yeah, it's pretty bad." He concluded. "How the heck did it get like that in the first place?"

"My tussle with the minotaur. Weren't you listening?"

"Oh yeah, your little adventure. One where you literally beat up a monster and saved a princess… and you didn't even bother to call me in."

Is he salty? Oh god, he is salty.

"I'll make sure to call you next time I see a horrible monster attacking the innocent. I'll put up a Ranma signal in the clouds or something."

"What?" The comic books illiterate frowned. "How's that even work?"

"Nothing. Just, I'll try to not keep you out of the fun next time." If I have the choice, at least. "Anyway, do you know any repair shops or something like that in the area."

"Nah man, still gettin' the feelin' of the place myself."

"Figure that'd be the case." I turned around the streets and easily jumped over a flight of stairs to get across an open alley. By that point, Ranma wasn't even bothering with solid ground anymore; he was walking over the edge of everything. "I have a friend that lives the area. She might know something about it."

Ranma raised an eyebrow at the prospect of me having other friends, something that I found slightly offensive. It's not my fault I don't look like the most approachable guy at the school, that's the Japanese preconception working against me. I'm a pretty friendly guy, damn it!

"If you say so." He said and then looked ahead. He continued looking at that direction as he spoke again. "Hiroshi, not to alarm you or anything, but there is this person following us for a while."

"Ah."

Now, how to explain my taimanin to Ranma? I suppose it would be better if she had agreed to accompany me, like, actually accompany me, not stalking behind like she is now. I could have introduced the two face to face then. But she'd insisted that it was not proper and that she should act like 'someone of her station'. I would have called bullshit on that, but I noticed that she really, really got off from this whole kunoichi and retainer act.

I could just call her now and present her to Ranma, but I decided to respect her choice… Alright, I want her to get off from this as much as she can, so she'd be hot and bothered by the end of the day. More chance of a repeated lovemaking marathon this way.

So instead, what I said was.

"It's just my ninja. I saved her life a while back so she swore loyalty to me. I can introduce you if you like."

"Wait, you saved a ninja's life and what!" Ranma squatted down, looking at me. "Hiroshi, what have you not been tellin' me?"

I shrugged my shoulders, "That, and the Minotaur busting are the biggest things that happened to me since I got to town."

Ranma stared down at me. He stared at me until it became genuinely uncomfortable. Then he let out a laughing breath.

"Damn, and here I thought I had the weird life."

I grinned at that. "Give it time; I'm sure you'll surpass me someday soon. Would you like me to introduce you to her or not?"

"Pass. Every ninja I ever met was a weirdo. I don't see how this one would be any different."

Well, he's… not wrong.

That turned into a conversation about the ninjas Ranma personally met. Apparently, quite a few, and he trained ninjutsu under them for a time. I'm reasonably sure that least one of them was a taimanin, but I couldn't be totally certain of that because I didn't know if taimanin were the only bodysuit-wearing ninjas around.

We're on a discussion about how ninjutsu related to the Saotome branch of Anything goes when we got to a familiar street and approached a familiar house.

I smiled when I saw her; she was in the garage, humming a song while she cleaned the sports car there. It was incredible how she made the combination of overalls and a striped shirt look like something right out of a fashion magazine.

"Hey, Tenou-san!" I singsonged.

She looked up, her brief look of confusion turning into a bright smile.

"Ōe-senpai, good morning!" Said my frequent jogging partner.

Well, jogging is a bit of a stretch. Tenou-san just seems to like going to school at ungodly early hours, and as her route is the same as my jogging route, we bump into each other almost every day.

There is something different today, though.

"Wait, senpai?"

"You are my upperclassman, aren't you? Even if you are from another school."

I hummed, placing my baseball bat on my shoulders and then gestured behind me.

"This is my friend Saotome Ranma. Ranma this is Tenou Haruka."

"Ossu." Ranma greeted casually. "Nice car, do you drive?" He said, making conversation.

"Only on my dad's race track," Tenou-san answered with an underlined laughter. "Nice to meet you, Saotome-senpai."

While Ranma was rubbing the back of his head, a little embarrassed for being called in such formal manner, I continued.

"So Tenou-san-" "Anyway Ōe-sem-"

I started talking but stopped when or our words bumped together.

"My bad-" "Sorry-"

We paused again; this time, Ranma let out a snort.

I slapped him on the shoulder but mostly ignored him. And then I said.

"It's ok. You can go first—"

I was interrupted again, not by Tenou-san this time, but by the door connecting the house and the garage opening.

"Haruka-chan, would you mind going out to buy some groceries? We are missing a few- Ara?"

The person who walked in was an attractive middle-aged woman with brown hair, slender body, and a gentle face. She shared eye colors with Haruka, but few features beyond that, just enough that it wouldn't be undeniable that they were related. She was wearing a simple pair of pants and a sweater shirt. Her eyes widened for seeing us there.

Then she clapped her hands in front of her face, her slightly gaping mouth morphing into a smile.

"Oh my! Oh my, oh my~"

"Oh no…" I caught Haruka's murmur.

"Ahh~ to think little Haruka-chan would already be in the age to bring her boyfriends home. My, my, time sure seems to fly~."

I blinked, did she just… I looked at Ranma at the same time he looked at me, his face similarly shocked.

Did she just implied that we're Tenou-san's boyfriends, both of us!?

"Mom! Please don't!" Pleaded the mortified daughter, scrambling to get to her mother. But she tripped on the cleaning cloth she had dropped on the first step.

"So you are following your father's path after all. He was quite the stud back at in the day, kinda the playboy too. Mama never thought she would end up with the neighborhood's bad boy who dated multiples girls at once, but that's the wonder of life~."

"MOM!" Tenou-san got to her, putting her taller body in front of her as if to block our vision of her mother form us. Or maybe the other way around. "Please, please stop talking."

"But Haruka-chan, you shouldn't hide your boyfriends like that. I'd love to meet them!"

She not even speaking in English, where the word could be interpreted as boy friends. She is using Koibito in a plural sense. She honestly seems to believe we were her daughter's lovers and apparently was quite enthusiast about the prospect.

Another eccentric milf, great…

At least this one didn't have enormous tits, though I don't know if that counted as an improvement.

"Mom, can you go back inside, please."

"Now, now Haruka-chan, it would be rude to your boyfriends, you should invite them in too."

"No, mom you don't understand it's-

"That's no way to treat your boyfriends, you know."

Well, she is… quite insistent.

"Mom, can you please listen!"

"I just knew you would surprise your like that someday, I always told your father—"

"THEY'RE NOT MY BOYFRIENDS!"

That brought silence to the garage. A fairly… heavy silence that caught me by surprise.

I didn't notice the change in the atmosphere, but now it was obvious.

"I… I gonna leave for a bit. Be back later." Tenou-san declared eventually, turning her back to her hurt-looking mother and promptly exiting the garage.

We stood there with Tenou-san's mother for a few seconds.

Looking to disperse the awkward air, I promptly bowed, introducing myself, and bid her a respectful goodbye. Ranma made an effort to imitate me.

We caught up with Tenou-san's a few blocks down the street.

"I'm sorry about that. And I'm sorry for leaving like that." She said without facing us.

Do you need to talk about that? My first instinct was to say that. But it wasn't the time for it. Maybe if we were alone, or if we knew each other for longer, I could ask that, but now it felt like the wrong thing to say.

Surprisingly, it was Ranma who found the next route out.

He shrugged even though she wouldn't be able to see it, and casually spoke.

"Weird parents, am I right? Mine steal my food in the name of training."

I couldn't help but smile at that. "Mine once put an actual horse in my room while I was sleeping as a birthday present," I added. Fishing a weird childhood memory from my Ōe side.

"Wait, seriously! And then what happened?" Ranma asked.

"It shat on my bed. I woke up screaming."

It shat on the carpet, actually, but this way was funnier.

We saw Tenou-san's shoulders hitch in a sudden snort.

"No way that happened." The girl commented, looking back a little.

"It did. Caroline now lives happily in one of my family's ranches."

"One of your family's ranches?" Ranma commented with a disbelieving eyebrow up.

"One day, Ranma, you will discover that everything I said about my family's wealth is true, and I'mma slip a gold bar into your gaping mouth."

Tenou-san laughed a burst of hefty, full belly laughter with a lot of pig-like snort and giggles that completely broke her cool image.

It made her infinitely cooler in my eyes.

"Thanks." She said, facing us. "I'm ok now. What did you want to talk to me about?"

"This." I showed her my bat, "I want to repair it. Do you know any repair shops or any mechanic who can help me with that."

Tenou-san blinked, then she cupped her chin as if she suddenly remembered something. "Repair… I swear I heard something…" She murmured.

Her reaction was strange, to say the least.

"Tenou-san?"

"Ah." She gasped in surprise, meeting my eyes with a blinking look. "Repairs shops, right? No problem. I'll take you there even. It's not like I don't have time now.

"Sounds good."

And with that, we set off, walking on a steady pace across the familiar streets.

"So, what did you want to tell me?" I asked Tenou-san while we walked.

"Hum?" She yanked her incredulous eyes from the sight of Ranma casually strolling atop a thin fence. "Oh, right, what are you going to do about Kuno?"

"What was that about Kuno?" And we suddenly had Ranma's attention.

Ah, that Kodachi thing. Frankly, it slipped my mind.

I open my mouth to make an excuse, but what was the point of that? Better to be honest.

"Sorry, this matter had slipped my mind completely, I had a busy last couple of days."

Tenou-san frowned. "Well, I don't think you can ignore it anymore. St. Hebereke and Furinkan High got a Rhythmic Gymnastics match scheduled for two weeks."

"Kay… and that relates to Kuno, how?" Ranma asked.

"We're talking about his little sister," I explained.

"Oh."

Still, knowing what I knew about Kuno Kodachi, and what usually happens to her opponents.

"This is bad."

Tenou-san nodded. "She will definitely target the girls of your team. Try to take them out before the competition." She vocalized more to Ranma's sake than mine.

To be honest, I kinda wanted to wait for the canon's events. Ranma had managed to deal with her well enough there, and it had apparently no negative, long-term consequences cause by a spiteful rich girl throwing her weight around, so it sounded like a success in my book. Sure, Ranma got a crazy suitor for his trouble, but nothing goes perfectly in that series.

But this isn't a series anymore. If I remember correctly, Akane and Ranma got involved because the Furinkan Gymnastics team asked her to… because they were too injured to participate in the match.

Some girls are going to be attacked and hurt. I will not let this stand.

"Well, Ranma. Looks like we got a busy school week ahead of us."

"Ehhhhh." He grumbled.

Oh yeah, motherfucker, if I have to stand guard and wait for an ambush of a crazy Kuno, then I'm taking my tank with me.

Plus, it was he who said he wanted to be part of my adventures, so he just no right to complain!

-0-0-0-​

The looming threat of Kuno Kodachi would have to wait, however.

I had business to take care of first.

"Sorry, kid, nothing I can do for' ya."

My shoulders dropped in defeat. "Are you sure?"

The repairman, or mechanic, or whatever, didn't pay attention to the plate in the front of the store, nodded "If Ah put it in the machine, it'll snap. Hell, Ah'd say it'll snap if you whack somethin' hard 'nough. Sorry kid, at this point, it's better to melt it and use for somethin' else. You should get another."

I sighed. Pretty much what all the other stores had told me. Looks like my baseball bat really was condemned.

I knew I was being a suborn fuck; I had more than enough resources to buy me another bat, hell, I could buy ten of them with better quality, but… it was my bat.

I know we didn't spend a lifetime together or anything like that, but it was with it that I achieved my first triumph in this world. It was with it that I broke the faces, torsos, and limbs of countless kappa in my way to level-ups. It was with me when I almost died, and when I rose back to my feet and used it to conquer my greatest enemy to date.

It feels wrong to just brush it aside like that.

Sighing again, I collected my lump of aluminum and walked out of the store. Pushing it back inside my inventory once I was out of sight.

I've got to move on; I knew that. A weapon, a proper weapon, would vastly increase my chances of survival. So I needed to stop brooding and get over the bat.

Though for today, I decided to use my teenage card and be a broody prick about it. Well, not exactly broody, but enough to push the problems to the future and focusing on the present.

Level up!

What? – Oh, hey. It seems my investment's paying off. A brief glance showed that my exp bar still slowly crawling in a new, empty space, and I hadn't even done any quest today.

That brought a smile to my lips as I walked three blocks down the commercial street and entered the dark, flashy confines of a 90's arcade.

All colors of the rainbow flashed around me in pings and glow. The mechanical, cheerful noises of video-game music and character lines filled my ears. People pushed around me, talking and laughing and stuffing their mouth with the well-too-grimy stuff from the cafeteria in the corner. Despite all these factors that it was easy to find Ranma and Tenou-san, the martial artist's screams of frustration were pretty loud.

"Come on! Move it! Ah! I pressed the button! Why didn't he move! Arggg! Blasted thing."

Tenou-san, for her part, was laughing at his woes.

They were both sitting at the end of a row of booth-like machines that faced each other. Like every other machine in this place, it offered background music and cheese character lines to join the electronic orchestra of the establishment.

"So, who's winning?" I asked, leaning on the machines from the side, where I could see both of their screens with a simple tilt.

"Shut up, Hiroshi. I'm trying to focus!" Ranma complained, answering my question while he did so.

Tenou-san chuckled under her breath, "what's wrong, senpai? Weren't you bragging about your martial artist reflexes just a while ago?" She teased.

"Oh, I'll show you! Just wait!"

The game they're playing was a rather uncanny machine titled 'Street Combat II'. And that name told everything there is to know about it.

The pixelated characters on the screen looked like something Capcom would sue over. I watched as the blonde-haired, Chinese dressed woman with gigantic thighs pummeled Ranma's protagonist looking character with a volley of kicks after he failed a combo that would make him shot a green fireball. In the end, she ripped his spine out from his chest with an over-the-top shower of blood.

"Arghhhh!!" Ranma wailed as the words EXECUTION flashed on his screen. "This machine is broken!" He decided.

"Whatever let you sleep, senpai." Tenou-san looked up at me. "So, how did it go?"

I shook my head in response.

"Oh, sorry about that." She cast a longing glance at the 'continued?' option on her screen, but then made her mind and looked up. "I know a few more places if you want to try."

She started to stand. But I put my hand on her shoulder.

"No, no, I…" Got to let it go. "I still hadn't had my turn yet. I can't possibly let this utter thrashing slide. Who would get revenge poor Ranma then?"

"Who asked you!?" Ranma jumped up and said from the top of his game. "One more! I'm getting the hang of this!"

Tenou-san got the meaning of my statement immediately, "Eh. But I already won three rounds. I should let you got at Ōe-senpai for a while. Fight the grunt before the last boss, you know?"

"I heard your provocations loud and clear my cute kohai, and I shall do the mature thing and bring divine retribution for these words… Right after I thrash this cocky martial artist."

"Oh yeah! I want to see you try!" Ranma challenged, settling down on his seat.

I drop down on mine after Tenou-san vacated it. And it was official; today was arcade day.

Being in a 90's arcade, as a teenager, in a group of friends, and with money to irresponsibly spend was an experience I'd never thought I would get to relive. And by god did I miss it.

We played every game that got into our line of sight. We talked, chit-talked, made jokes, and laughed at funny stories. We ate and drank stuff that was bad for us, and insulted each other while having epic battles on the screen of multiple fighting games, the ones that Ranma declared to be his favorites to the surprise of no one.

And then, as if that wasn't enough, the setting of Ranma 1/2 decided to worm it's head in and throws a curveball at us. Though this time it was a rather… fun, curveball.

"HAHAHA! NOT SO COCKY NOW, EH BOY!?"

If the Internet was up in the form I was familiar with; they would dub Ranma's current challenger as a human's meme. He was a very pale Asian guy with an enormous red afro, wearing a crisscrossed, colorful shirt, a jeans jacket with several patches on it, and an honest to god parachute pants covering his fast-moving legs.

Basically, he was a sight to behold.

"Ah!-Crap!-Stop!-ARGH Stupid thing!" Ranma was actually struggling to keep up with his movements, though the problem wasn't the fight itself; it was trying to match the fight with the colorful panels flashing under his feet.

"NO USE! YOUR FOSSIL-LIKE MARTIAL ARTS ARE NO MATCH FOR MY DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION COMBAT STYLE!"

Indeed. They were using the new Dance Dance Revolution machine as the arena for their bout: a Dance Dance Revolution Martial Art challenge to be precise.

And yes, it was as wonderful as it sounded.

"Oh yeah! And how about this!" Ranma then, promptly used that 'learning with a glance' bullshit he showed early today. And started to use his opponent's own movements to fight against him.

"NANI!?"

The crowd cheered around us when they saw the match turn from a one-sided beat down to a contested challenge.

"This isn't happening!" Tenou-san commented. These words might be commonly used in bad situations, but the broad smile in her face told me it was quite the contrary. She had burst out laughing quite a bit on the more uproarious moments of the fight, like Funky Joe's introduction and continuing existence. "How can this happen? People don't just challenge others out of nowhere in real life! Especially not for this!" She pointed at the dance machine. She had to speak loudly due to the cheers of the crowd. "It's like a movie!"

The machine was brand new, a novelty to the arcade goers, so it already had a pretty sizable group around it before Ranma and Funky Joe claimed it for their battle. Seeing the absolute spectacle this fight is turning out to be; it made sense that the whole arcade would congregate around us.

"Martial Artists, Tenou-san, Martial Artists. They attract the bizarre with the very existence and when two meet? Yeah, anything can happen!" I smiled… well smiled more, as I explained over the noises, even though I don't think the girl had the reference to get everything.

"Haruka!"

"' Excuse me?"

"You call Ranma by his first name!" She explained through the crowd. "You can call me by my first name too!"

"Oh! Then I'm Hiroshi to you too, for now on!"

"Can do that Hiroshi-senpai-AH!" She gasped in surprise at the following event. And she wasn't the only one; the whole crowd gasped at the sight of Ranma falling.

"My leg!" He cried out.

"HAHAHA! YOU THINK YOU CAN COPY MY DANCE DANCE STYLE WITHOUT LEG CRAMPS!? NAÏVE!"

Ah, shit. I think Ranma might lose this one. By what I understood from the rules, dropping from the panels didn't end the fight, but it would obviously affect the end score, which was just as important as fighting the opponent. And say what you will about Funky Joe, but I don't think the guy misstep ever once, even while dodging and parrying Ranma's attacks. However, Ranma had already made some mistakes, and now he'd fallen from the panels. He would need a knock out to win this.

If he can get his leg back in order, that is.

"Oh, no." Haruka pushed past a couple of people to she could lean on the rail the arcade's staff had put it up somewhere along the way. "Ranma, don't give up! Fight on!" She cheered, cupping her hands around her mouth.

Two ganguro-looking high school girls that were making googly eyes to Haruka all afternoon caught on what she was crying out and imitated her in a bid to draw her attention. That call then spread to the fat otaku that wanted the hot girls' attention, which spread to his friends, and themsome.

In no time at all, the whole freaking place was chanting Ranma's name.

I laughed, I couldn't help myself, this whole thing was a silly teenager adventure fit for a nineties' movie, and I was loving every second of it. The sound, the noise, the energizing feeling the crowd gave out. I quickly cupped my own hand around my mouth and added my own call to encourage my rising friend.

"COME ON, RANMA! YOU CAN DO IT! BEAT HIS ASS!"

My unexpected strong lungs carried my voice a bit above the others, but it was hardly enough to disturb the overall atmosphere.

"UWOHHHHHHHHH!!!" Ranma roared as he rose to his feet. The crowd roared with him. They got especially loud after he jumped back on top of the panels and started moving.

"HAHAHA! IT'S USELESS NOW, BOY! YOU CAN'T— What!?" Funky Joe gasped, and he was forced to twist his body wildly to dodge Ranma's assault.

Now things were different, now Ranma wasn't only copying his movement, no, now he had unleashed the full terror that was his martial art genius. Going by what it seemed to me, he'd picked out the aspects of Funky Joe's styles that let him never miss a dance panel, and added that to his very extensive repertoire.

He essentially mastered Dance Dance Revolution and figured would how to fight with his usual styles while doing it.

It was goddamn inspiring!

"He's going for a knockout!" I cried out, drawing Haruka's attention. With that realization in mind, she began to cheer harder.

"Wha-NO, STOP THAT, Ah, OUCH! Wait, wait! The MACHINE!" Funky Joe cried out, and credit where credit is due, he was doing an amazing job dodging Ranma's onslaught and keeping his score.

The game machine began to crack and shake under Ranma's quick steps, the violent vibrations traveling from the light panels to the main body, making the dancing images on the screen to fizzle slightly, though it wasn't enough to affect the music yet.

I don't think many people noticed, but even if they did, they were too hyped to do anything about it, exactly like me.

I cheered for Ranma. Haruka cheered at my side.

The crowd pumped their fist up, calling for the action.

The machine began to smoke.

At some point, Funky Joe realized he would have to focus his full might if he was to endure Ranma's relentless assault, and he cranked the intensity to eleven.

Eventually, however, the timer dropped to zero, and the song ended. This was at the exact same time Ranma managed to kick Joe out of his consciousness, but by then, the dance had finished.

The screen fizzed once, then twice, and then a third time. Smoke began to come out of it. The crowd grew silent, realizing only now the device might shut down without telling them the result of this epic crash.

Until…

"Perfect!" The game declared…

On Ranma's side of the screen.

Now, this was obviously a defect in the machine, as it was made clear by the fact it fizzled out soon after. After all, it was impossible for Ranma to get this score after so many missteps, so the only logical explanation was that Funky Joe's rating must have come out on the different side of the display.

We didn't give a flying fuck about that.

"Ranma won!" I declared loudly, and the crowd exploded.

The feeble rail put by the staff was soon trampled under the weight of multiple bodies trying to get to the center. They actually raised Ranma up like a rock star and began chanting his name. He honestly looked like he was having the time of his life with all the attention, and he even managed to gain a level for his effort, giving the 27 now floating under his name.

Haruka was on the side, cheering and laughing so much that there were tears in her eyes, and she had to hold her belly. The strangely emotional ride to this bizarre situation seems to break her cool-persona little.

And me? Well, I was rushing to get my two friends because that seemed like the owner of the place brushing through the crowd, and boy did he look pissed.

-0-0-0-​

"That was fun!" Ranma declared with a shit-eating grin.

We had managed to escape the wrath of the arcade owner and ran towards the other end of the commercial street. Then we processed to stuff our faces with taiyaki as lunch.

The fish-shaped treat wasn't as tasty as the funny tasting bread, and the bean bread served pretty much the same function with the added bonus of being softer, but I guess they are pretty good too. Though I kinda regret voting for them as lunch because now I can see the legendary Wc Donald at a distance; the most wide spread franchise of the anime world, and one of the places to be if you found yourself isekai'ed there.

Some other time then.

Haruka swallowed down her food to talk. "That was awesome." She said, managing to control her enthusiasm under relaxed demeanor. "You said you practiced martial arts, but I didn't know you were a master."

Ranma grin got wider. "I get that a lot." Of course he would say that.

"Heh, He is not even close to being a master," I said.

Ranma shot me a look at my correction, "And who made you a expert!?"

"Really? He's not a master? But the way they moved, it was more impressive than anything I've seen on the movies."

The martial artist groaned. "That's those kung fu movies, right? That's not martial arts, or maybe not fighting martial arts, at least. It's just a big stage play!" He complained.

That seemed like the start of an exciting conversation, but unfortunately, we were interrupted.

None of us was paying attention to where the guy had come from. Hell, he wasn't very noticeable even with his very obvious delinquent gear and sunglasses. He was practically a burry image on the background before he approached us and began giggling creepily.

"What?" I asked, furrowing my brow. This was the second consecutive day I had to deal with delinquents. God, Tokyo really is flooded with them.

"You're Ōe Hiroshi, right? I got something for you." He said, his voice just as shady as he looked.

Ranma rose to his feet behind me, a wise choice, given that these words are often used as a prelude for something terrible, like an ambush or something. Got to say, having a tank to guard my back is comforting, even if I'm quite sure I could handle this level 05 delinquent on my own.

Instead of attacking, signaling for an ambush, or even activating a trap, the boy juts toss something towards me. I easily caught it. But held it away from my face in case it exploded into paralyzing poison or something.

It was… a folded paper, with a large, unmistakable kanji on the back.

"… It's that a challenge letter!?" I questioned incredulously. Ranma even relaxed on at my side, seemly deciding there was no danger. I made a note to beat pragmatist over his martial arts' ethics later, before someone uses it against him.

Raising my head to ask, I noticed that the guy was gone… Well, kinda; he was at the distance, frantically trying to run away from our sight to make it look like he had disappeared mysteriously. Catching him in the act really took away from the experience.

"An actual challenge letter!" Haruka vocalized my thoughts, though she sounded more like she was having fun than being confused. "What even is this day?"

"' Least he didn't deliver through bow and arrow," Ranma remarked. It sounded from experience.

There was nothing unexpected on the content of the letter itself. In fact, it was almost aggressively straightforward: there was the formal challenge; "Ōe Hiroshi I challenge you to a fight!" The location; " at Jiyuu-ji temple in the Ōizumichō district, Nerima." The time; "at 17:00 today!" even an added bonus of a consequence of refusal; "Or your Viper pet will get it!"

The Vipers guys again. Ugh, are those guys a gang or a bunch of children for me to babysit?

It was signed by Tsuji Shinnosuke, leader of the Shinnosuke group and captain of a larger gang called Ragnarok.

Hm, pretty sure I beat up some Ragnarok guys during my date yesterday. Hell, after hearing that name referring to a gang, I started getting some flashbacks.

Hadn't I wanted an anime that had a gang named like that? Or several?

Oh fuck, this is happening because of that 'debut' thing, isn't it? I must have a reputation now! Fuckkkkk.

"AH!" Haruka suddenly exclaimed from where she was reading over my shoulder.

"Jesus Christ!" I cursed. Ranma snorted at my near stumble, "Don't scream like that in my ear, woman!"

"Ōizumichō district! I remember now." The cool-looking girl ignored that and pointed at me, with an 'I got it' gesture, "I've heard strange rumors about that place lately, good rumors. Apparently, broken items and structures keep getting fixed around that area. But the people can never find who did it, even if they want to thank them."

"Sorry? Where did that come from?"

"You bat, didn't you want to fix it? You can ask whoever is fixing things there. They are doing it for free" She blinked and seemed to notice how she'd dragged the subject in a completely different direction. "Sorry, it was at the tip of my tongue all morning, I just had to let it out."

"Why do you know that anyway?" Asked Ranma.

Haruka shrugged. "I've always been one to keep my ears open for rumors. Plus, it's interesting."

"Guess so. Anyway, congratulations on your first challenge letter Hiroshi, always knew you had it in you!"

"Yeah," I said absentmindedly, my mind focusing on better things that what Ranma's meant by that.

A gang challenge at the very same place where a bunch of strange events has been happening, and these events just happen to be related to what I needed for my bat right now.

Coincidence? Yeah right, as if I'd be so lucky.

New Quest: Fight like a man!
Tsuji Shinnosuke of Ragnarok had challenged you to a fight! Go there and teach him a lesson!... by winning the fight, not literally teaching him something.
Rewards:
+ 300 exp.Increases closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans.
Decreases closeness with the Ragnarok gang.
Increases closeness with Tsuji Shinnosuke.
Increases reputation within the Tokyo delinquent's scene.
Failure
Injury
Humiliation
Decreases closeness with the Ragnarok gang.
Increases closeness with Tsuji Shinnosuke.
Decreases reputation within the Tokyo delinquent's scene.

Well, at least I'll get a decent lump of exp for this...



A/n: I wanted to introduced the crafting system in this chapter, but Ah well, there will be more opportunities later.
Last edited: Feb 6, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, DeltaRyuujin, SwaffleWaffle and 1,377 others
Adudefromthesea
Mar 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 08, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Mar 16, 2020
Add bookmark
#3,288
Chapter 08, part 1








The Ōizumichō district was in an area that pushes the edge of the municipal map. The general architecture of Nerima isn't what one would think when trying to visualize a modern metropolis. The ward is predominantly composed of low buildings and rows of spacious houses, with an abundance of park and nature; however, Ōizumichō is where the city really began to turn into the country.

Scarce, full of large houses with longs stretches of lands between them, flat fields of grasslands spreading between the roads, and a number of factories decorated the landscape.

It made me wonder why this Shinnosuke guy had chosen this place for our match.

"Where exactly is this damn place!?" Ranma complained. He was probably more frustrated by the fact there was no higher fence for him to walk on than the distance.

"The Obaa-san from before said there is just on top of this road. Have some patience." Haruka responded. She was carrying a map we'd picked up in an old convenience store a while back, though it must be outdated or something cuz we still had to stop and ask for direction.

We were traversing an empty road that was leading us up and around an elevation. I'm reasonably confident we are in the right place; this feels like a location someone would build a temple on, high mounts and a patch of forest you can't go wrong with that.

"I just don't understand why choose this remote location in the first place. Delinquent aren't known for wanting their actions to stay discrete, if anything, it's the opposite." I commented, making my pondering known.

"Hm? Maybe is about territory? If they're from Nami-Ku in the south, then Ōizumichō would be the fastest way to enter Nerima without taking the metro, and maybe they can't go deeper because it would cause problems with the Nerima's gangs." Haruka offered.

It wasn't an unrealistic scenario.

"You sure do know a lot about delinquents. Are you keeping some dark secrets from us?" Ranma teased.

"Not at all." She didn't rise to the provocations. It's pretty hard to make her blush or stagger once she had her composure up. "It's only logical. Everybody knows there are gangs of delinquents everywhere, make sense that there would be some territory politics between them."

I thought about that for a second. "What even are the Nerima's gangs anyway, are the Vipers one of them?"

"Nope, they're from Nakano-Ku. They've been pushed into Nerima because they're losing territory there."

…This time, I joined in with Ranma in sending Haruka looks.

"What?" She asked, eventually.

"You… Really do know a lot about that, huh?" I said.

"Suspicious…" Ranma added.

The girl pouted just a little. "And whose fault is that! I have never even seen an actual delinquent before meeting you, senpai. Now I'm going to a challenge between them."

"Oh, don't give me that, it's not like you're not having- Hey!" I protested when the implication dawned.

Both she and Ranma began to snigger.

Goddamn Japanese and their stereotypes! Just because I like using gel on my hair, keep my shirt unbuttoned, and walk around with a dented baseball bat doesn't mean I was a delinquent! The sheer gall of these people…

On the apex of the elevation, right before the road started counting down, a set of stone steps showed itself, cutting a path through the vegetation on the side. By the stairs themselves I could tell this temple was several orders of magnitudes smaller than the Temple of the Heavenly Oni in the border of Nerima-Ku and Itabashi-Ku. That place had stairs that could easily fit four or five people side by side, and the way up was marked by multiples torii gates, but this one forced us to form a line to ascend the steps, and the only tori gate I've seen was the main one itself, which marked the entrance to the temple.

Yeah, this Jiyuu-Ji temple definitely seems more like a neighborly place of worship rather than a giant one that doubled as a tourist attraction. I can easily imagine old couples and newlyweds coming to pray and place their offering to whatever Kami it was dedicated to.

It was the size of a children's playground, with uneven stone tiles forming a rectangular platform amidst the vegetation; the main shrine looked like a small hut and was basically the only thing noteworthy in this place. Both the shrine and the tiles were showing signs of disrepair, which make sense, I doubt there was much traffic around these part nowadays with that road by the entrance. I bet this place had a lot more visitors before that had been built.

Not helping the situation was the fact there were twenty-six delinquents loitering around the area. As typical for youngsters of this particular specimen, they were leaving their usual markings of cigarette butts, dirty magazines, and food wrappings all around the place, and a disrespectful little fuck was actually drawing graffiti on the walls of the shrine, fucking really!?

All laughter and loud conversation stopped when we appeared, turning into glares and mocking sniggers.

One of them, which were practically indistinguishable from the rest, save maybe for the fact he was kneeling on the ground and had his arms tied to his back perked up when he saw us.

"Nii-san!" He called.

Ah, one of the Viper's guys, who was he again? He didn't look like the guy I saved yesterday… well, he did, but the guy from yesterday had glasses. And he wasn't Touji, the guy from a few days back who'd asked me to deal with Kodachi as revenge for his sister. All left was one of Touji's moral support, so he should be one of them.

The only distinctive guy was one in the back, glaring daggers at me; I would have thought he was the challenger if there wasn't for the bandages all over his body, and the cast on his arm.

Seeing no use in just standing around and glaring, I stepped in.

"I am Ōe Hiroshi, here to answer a challenge by Tsuji Shinnosuke. Is he here!?" I announced firming, making my voice bounce around the place.

"Yes!" The response was immediate, "Damn right, he is!"

Until now, all the delinquents I have seen clearly looked apart; Relaxed clothes, Gel-brushed hairs or mohawks, a tendency to walk around openly armed with blunt and slashing weapon, all aspects that very definitely marked them as what they were. But the guy who came out from behind the shrine was really pushing the stereotype.

He was taller than most gathered here, with a messy mass of black hair falling down to his back. His face was built from fierce-looking features that were locked in a confident grin. He was wearing a modified school uniform that billowed around his legs like a long coat. The only thing missing was the hat, and he would look right out of an 80's hardboiled shounen manga.

"I am Tsuji Shinnosuke!" He announces, thumping his broad chest. "I see you didn't run away, Ōe Hiroshi. Excellent! "

Tsuji Shinnosuke
Leader of the Tsuji troops, third Captain of Ragnarok.
Level: 15.

Well then, nothing seems to be out of the ordinary...

I think I can take him.

"You know, it's not every day I react to a single incident like that." He drops down from the shrine's steps to the solid ground. "But to send three of my new recruits to the hospital like that..." He shook his head. "No, that can't go unpunished."

Then he dramatically pointed a finger at me. "Ōe Hiroshi, The Dandy Fist! You will pay for raising your hand against the Tsuji troops!"

…

… I felt something die a little inside me, especially with the sniggering now coming from behind.

"I'm sorry, what did you call me!?"

Tsuji Shinnosuke continued to point and glare for a few seconds before his finger twitched downwards a bit and he spoke to the guy on his side with the edge of his mouth.

"Oi, Kenji!"

The bandaged man, who was still looking as if he wanted to stab me with his eyes, momentarily jerked in surprise at being called.

"Yes, boss!"

"You said he used his fists, right?"

""Yeah, boss."

"Then how come is he using a bat now!?"

"… Sorry boss."

"Grrr! Look at what you made me do!"

"Sorry, boss. I'll do better, boss."

After this brief but unbelievable retarded exchange, Shinnosuke cleaned his throat.

"Sorry 'bout that." He said, and then promptly pointed his finger again, his dramatic atmosphere returning as if it never left. "Ōe Hiroshi, The Dandy Bat! You will pay for raising your hand against the Tsuji troops!"

H-he… he actually called me that! And it was even worse now! Seriously where the hell did that come from!? Who came up with this name!?

"Dandy bat."

"Dandy bat!

"… Dandy bat."

Great, now his fucking underlings are repeating this ridiculous title all serious-like. And it's even worse cuz they aren't using Japanese to speak, no the fuckers decided to use English, and they're really fucking bad at English, so the end result was that horrible and comical accent that made it sound like—

"Dandii battō…" That last one came from behind me.

"Oh, shut up!" I snarled at Ranma. The motherfucker was barely containing his laugher.

"Alright, first of all!" I began loudly, pointing my bent baseball bat at my challenger. "Why do you need a hostage? I'm right here, right? You don't need him to drawn me here anymore, or whatever. Let him go!"

I was expecting him to would mock this proposal, but surprisingly, he gestured with his head to a guy, who promptly crouch down to cut the Viper kid's biding.

The kid immediately ran towards me.

"Nii-san! I'm so sorry!" He said.

"It's alright."

"No! I… I told them where they could find you!" He confessed with actual tears gathering in his eyes.

"It told you it's ok, just leave it to me." Fucking kids and their messes.

"Nii-san, thank you! I'll not forget this!" He declared, and bolted down the stairs, leaving the area.

… Did he seriously just do that?

"Rude," Ranma commented casually, I got a feeling he's enjoying this.

"Quite so. He could at least have stayed for the fight." Haruka added the obvious.

Whatever, he only part of the reason I came here. The other part was to keep Ranma from pestering me about chicken out from my first challenge. Another was to earn that sweet, sweet exp from the quest. And the last part, was because I simply wanted to: fighting had become quite therapeutic for me lately, no surprise there, considering I've been fighting something or another practically every day since I woke up as Ōe Hiroshi, so either I'd grow sick of it by now, or I'd learn to enjoy it.

"And second of all!" I raised my voice at the same time Shinnosuke opened his mouth, interrupting what he had to say. I didn't care; I had to know this, "The reason for this fight is because I beat up some of your guys yesterday, right? I want to know if you endorse their actions, trying to break a guy's leg like that."

This will serve as a lighting explanation as to the reason for all of this to Haruka and Ranma behind me… and really pissed the bandaged guy off… in fact, he looks rather panicked now.

Shinnosuke, however… Frowned. He frowned deeply at my question.

"Is that why you attacked my men? Fool! Don't you know wounds are inevitable in a fight between men!?"

On that's rich. "A fight between men!? He was already defeated, and was crawling on the ground pleading your men to not fucking cripple him!" I counted. Feeling my temper rising.

Oh yeah, the bandaged guy looked really agitated now, there is even some glances cast in his direction by the other. Had he not told them the full story, maybe?

"As if one of the Tsuji troops sink so low!" Ah, that confirms it; he is being played. "You going to pay for insulting our honor!"

This time though, it wasn't an empty threat; it was his battle cry as he rushed towards me.

I let my mana wash around my baseball bat, forming an aura-like cover to hold it together, giving it a slight blue-ish glow to its reflective surface. Then, I stepped in and struck at his incoming punch.

However, he quickly tilted his fist to the side, letting the weapon slide across his arm while he stepped into my guard in an attempt to grapple me. I slammed my body against him to interrupt his actions and threw out my elbow at his face, forcing a state of extremely close combat. He had to lean into it to avoid most of the force, and the move made the low kick he threw lose strength and fail to sweep my legs from under me.

Our movements had created a space between us and allowed me to maneuver my bat in a less awkward manner, which resulted in it coming crashing down on his shoulder just as a knee surprised me by impacting my gut.

We both stumbled backward, raising more distance between us. The hit had taken my wind for a bit, but it was nothing too damaging.

"Hey, you can leave if you're uncomfortable." I heard Ranma's voice talking in a low tone.

"N-No, I'll stay." Was Haruka's answer.

As much as I wanted to look back and see what this was all about, taking my eyes out of my opponent when the fight already started was stupid.

"Hahaha!" Shinnosuke laughed while he rolled his shoulders. All traces of his anger fading from his expression. "You're strong… Yes, I decided!" Once again, he dramatically pointed at me. "If I win this fight, you will join my troop!"

"What kind of anime bullshit is this?" I groaned out loud, resting my bat on my shoulder.

Thinking about the impressions I'm having of this guy. I bet that even if I refuse, he will insist on it. So I might as well benefit from this arrangement.

"Urg, fine. But if I win then…"

… Now what to ask of them? They don't have anything I want, and I don't really have anything I want them to do. Right as I was organizing my thoughts, I stepped on a bag of chips that had been discarded on the ground.

Oh yeah, delinquent leave trails behind…

Eh, might as well mess with them.

"If I win, you and your troop will clean this place up!"

There was a palpable silence following my declaration. A palpable feeling of shock and disbelief spread across on the delinquent side, while my own side had met my statement with snorts and facepalms.

"W-What!?" Shinnosuke exclaimed incredulously.

"You heard me. You and your friend made a mess around here. Do you have any idea how disrespectful this is! This is a place of worship for Christ's sake!" I was never, and will never be, the most religious guy in the world, and my new reality had kinda throw my catholic beliefs in a loop, but I would still be angry if I see a butch of low lives vandalizing a church. In my old life, this would warrant a quick call to the police, in this new one, however, a good ol' bat to the face would do the job.

"And not only that! But you will come back in these following days and actively repair this shrine. I want to see a weedless grounds, clean tiles, and brand new wood you heard me!? I want this place spotless!" I added totally because I could.

"Are you an old lady or something!?" Shinnosuke screamed.

"Hey, fuck you! Just trying to put your lazy asses to work on the betterment of our community. God's know your lot've been slacking off." The Japanese in me nodded proudly at these words.

The delinquent leader shook his head in disbelieve, wildly shaking his mop-like hair in the process. "Arg! Fine! Whatever I don't plan to lose!"

"They never do." I sighed in mock pity.

"Shaddup and fight!" Shinnosuke shouted, throwing himself back into the fight.

Once again, he pressed for extremely close range, probably in an attempt to keep me from using my baseball bat. Usually, I'd step back and work to do just that, using my weapon and longer reach to my advantage, but as I considered what to do, another stream of ideas formed in my head, ways to fight using my bat whole's length that I never thought up before, ways to use them even in very close range.

I had experienced something similar in relation to my overall fighting style when I gain the Brawling Mastery skill. So I knew this was my Club Mastery skill at work.

My hand slid over the handle to about the midway dent, quickly using the handle to strike against his face. At his sudden disorientation, I step forwards, making his chest bounce heavily against mine and delivered three more strikes across his torso with my bat. However, it quickly became clear I was holding back way too much because he soon found his footing and locked the arm that was swinging my bat under his armpit. I least out with my other hand immediately, punching his face with a swift jab. But he surprised me again by meeting my punch with a headbutt, making me hiss as the nerves of my arms flared in pain.

He processed to assault me with his free hand and knee. The knee was easy to block by raising my own leg to intercept it, while the hand was dealt with by using my already recovered arm to block it.

He blinked in shook at my speedy recovery, and I use this opportunity to plant a fist right between his eyes. Finally making him let go of my arm.

Let this be said about Tsuji Shinnosuke; the guy isn't weak.

He clearly knew how to fight and had experience doing so. He was crafty, not in the way that actually thinks things through, but in a way that let him react to his best instincts in an instant. He was fast, agile, could hit like a fucking truck, and could take hits like a champ. His highly aggressive fighting style also keeps me on my toes and forced me to react rather than think and consider. He would have been a formidable opponent for me if we had fought a short few days ago.

But that's the thing: a few days ago.

Now I had experienced first hand a fight to the death against a monster that could pulverize my bones with a single hit. Now I had 30 plus points on most of my physical stats, bringing my bodily strength to comfortably sit at superhuman levels. Now I had experienced what a real martial artist can do in the form of the merciless beating Ranma calls 'training'.

Frankly, if I had to rate Shinnosuke right now, I'd said he seats a bit higher than the highest level Kappa I ever fought, and the kappas had the advantage that they were actively gunning to kill me.

A few minutes into the fight, and it became clear who was the superior fighter, and who would win. And it seems my opponent was getting pissed at this realization.

"Stop doing that!" He growled between attacks as I battled his swing to the side and countered by taking a bat to his face. He barely managed to lean out and let it brush his shaggy hair.

Sweat flew from his brow as he pressed his assault.

"Stop!" He said as I pummeled his guard until he kicked me away.

"Stop! Guhg!" He said while he momentarily managed to grapple me, forcing me to bring my fists down on both sides of his torso at the same time.

"Damn it, stop!" He shouted while I used my superior strength to squash his attempt to break my balance and threw him to the ground.

"STOP!" He screams while I met his fury of assaults with my own. "HOLDING BACK!"

Eh?

One of his punches slipped through and struck me square on the cheek, the impact itself hit harder than the pain as my head was thrown to the side, and my body momentarily went limp.

However, I managed to jam my bat on the ground to stop the momentum while my body lashed out a high kick aiming backward almost unconsciously.

My sneaker-covered foot rasped against his hurried-raised guard, making his arms buck and forcing him to step back.

"See!" He exclaimed accusatorially, "You're holding back on me, bastard! You shouldn't hold back in a fight between men!"

I placed my bat on my shoulder while my fingers rubbed my jaw to see if there was anything broken. It was not the worst pain I ever experienced, but it was unpleasant.

Still, it seems I've gotten the wrong impression from my opponent. I had only myself to blame for that one.

"So, you want me to put my back into it?" I provoked.

"Bastard…" He growled, his hands clenching into trembling fists, "Are you mocking my manly spirit!?"

Then, for some ungodly reason, he ripped his top off, revealing his muscular torso to the world like he was a Yakuza game's boss or something.

"Are you sure? I might actually kill you." I said, ignoring the fact he went half-naked all of the sudden.

I was fairly confident that he can take it, I had been trying out my hits on him for the last fifteen minutes or so. If there was anything I could say about him was that he was tough.

His face twisted into a grim. "Heh, cocky bastard, let's see how you deal with this!"

He rushed in with his arms to the side and guard free, almost as if he was provoking me to attack him.

And he was, it was obvious he was planning to do something. Maybe duck under the next swing, or somehow use it to try and take my bat out of my hand; it wouldn't be the first time he attempted.

Whatever he was trying to do, he didn't expect me to actively step into his lunge displaying a level of speed I've been keeping to myself. My hands tightened around the handle of my baseball bat in preparation.

Just like he wanted, I was putting my back into it.

"HORA!"

My bat impacted his front with a loud, meaty sound, his body not deterring my swing in any way. The delinquent leader was sent flying backward, the heels of his feet literally skidding across the ground. To my surprise, he didn't fall outright when he finally stopped.

He actually managed to stay standing.

"Heh! How's that." He mocked cockily.

A second later, his arms flopped limply to his sides. The trembling limbs now spotting deep, red marks on his forearms.

Ah, he managed to defend it… but it looks like both his arms are broken now, or at least fractured. I don't think he can continue on like this.

"Fight's over." I declared.

"As if!" He shouted, rushing towards me again, the crazy motherfucker couldn't even raise his arms.

But never giving up until the end fit the hotheaded teenager impression I'm was getting from him.

He jumped, which was a bit unexpected, trying out a dropkick. Just like him, I decided to move unexpectedly, countering his kick with a high kick of my own, this one taken from my new Martial Art mastery and Muay Thai knowledge.

Our legs brushed together as they went past each other. His current position meant that his leg was brushed away from me, barely scratching my sides, while mine ended up directly on his stomach, his own momentum enhancing the force of the hit.

"GUH!" Shinnosuke gasped, spit flying out from his mouth. I could clearly see the last vestiges of the fight leaving his eyes as his consciousness began to fade. But it was only when he went totally limp, that I felt safe to tilt my raised leg to the side and drop him to the ground.

"Fight's over," I repeated even though he couldn't hear. "Good fight."

Quest completed!
+300 exp.Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.
Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.
Your closeness with the Ragnarok gang has decreased.
Your closeness with the Tsuji Shinnosuke has increased.
Your reputation within the Tokyo delinquent's scene has increased.
Whatever you say, Gamer, I certainly don't feel like my closeness with Tsuji Shinnosuke has increased. He certainly isn't in condition to say his piece about that right now.

My victory was met with silence… For about five seconds before Ranma began to talk.

"You could have punched his throat the first time he got close. It would end it faster!" Ranma's complaint made me huff.

"Everybody is a fucking critic."

"No, seriously, did you see the way he attacked you? Like, full of holes. And the throat man, I tell you he must have something against protecting it."

"I get it; you would have fought differently and ended it all in three moves, no need to brag."

"Two, and I just tell it like it is." He shifted his weight on his feet and smiled at me. "Still, good work, pretty intense."

"Yeah." I could see that by the fact that Shinnosuke was constantly in my face and attacking, which forced me to match, counter, and tank his blows with the same intensity. I can only imagine what it must have looked like to someone watching.

And I fought my answer on Haruka. She was… fine, like she has always been, but her cheeks were noticeable paler.

"That was…" She chewed her lower lip for a bit, trying to find the right word. "Violent." She decided in the end.

"Ah, well, it was a fight," I said, feeling a bit awkward.

"B-Boss!" Several voices cried out behind me. I turn to see the rest of the group of delinquents had finally snapped out of their shook and were now congregating around their fallen leader.

"Aaah," Ranma grumbled after a few seconds of just watching them. "Now that I think about it, this was kinda anticlimactic."

"I'm sorry if my life is not entertaining enough for you." I bit back, but sighed in the end. "… Let's just go home. There is nothing for us there anymore."

The fight was fun, the exp was juicy, but I don't see why we should stay.

"Home? But what about that rumor about the mysterious repair jobs?" Haruka asked.

"Oh yeah, that." I thought back to what the girl had said. It did sound interesting, however… "I can't even think about where to start looking?"

"We could ask around," Haruka suggested.

"It's gonna night soon, though." Ranma helpfully reminded us of that fact.

We were starting to make our way back, placing this entire incident to the back of our minds while we did so, but just as we were about to cross the entrance of the temple and began descending the stairs. We heard something very, very distinctive.

"GET THEM!"

I swirled on my heels as I turned around, my grip on my fingers gripping my bat's handle like iron hooks. I was expecting to find the rest of the 'Tsuji Troop' rushing at us in an attempt to get revenge for their fallen leader. However, I found them talking rapidly among themselves.

"What?" I wondered out loud, hearings the delinquent's voices growing louder. I looked at Ranma, who has also turned and assumed battle position. He looked back and shrugged.

Before I could voice my confusion to the delinquents themselves, however, the discussion finished, and all of them looked up at us with murderous glares.

On the back of the crowd, bandage guy was sniggering like a supervillain.

Of course. I rolled my eyes and I moved to intercept the incoming gang.

Fighting against a group of people is much different than fighting against a single person, obviously. As a rule of thumb, you're fucked; there is simply no way to defend against attacks coming from all sides and at the same time. One or more of them will bring you down eventually, and that's if you luck out, and no one grabs you from behind and lock the movements of your arms, basically turning you in a glorified punching bag.

There are several techniques you can use to help you fight better, like keep moving, try to reposition yourself in a more advantageous position, try to position the group so they strike themselves rather than you, but typically, unless you're highly trained, have a weapon with you, or have good back up; an one-against-many fight doesn't end so well for the 'one' part.

That was back on my old life, of course. Here, in anime world, things work differently.

Here, the fight went much different than it would have. Right now my body was blatantly superhuman, I hadn't had the time to test out what exactly what I could do, but I can safely say that my strength alone, the most straightforward of my stat, was high enough that I could break concrete with my bare hand, so the most challenging thing for me to do as holding back.

Tsuji Shinnosuke could take my new strength, but his group was noticeably weaker. Most of my attacks weren't well executed because of the chaos around me, but they carried a lot of punch behind them, causing meaty smacks and cracks wherever they landed. Only the delinquents' own tenacity let them kept going after that. Their attacks, in contrast, didn't hurt or damage me a whole lot. Frankly, the impacts of their attacks gave me more trouble than the damage itself, as it frequently made me mess up my posture or balance.

While what happened wasn't exactly a 'one hit, one man down' situation we see in Kung fu flicks, it was simultaneously more impressive and more brutal

By the end, I gleefully strode to where the bandage dude was whimpering and trying to crawl away and whop him over the head and to the land of unconsciousness.

He deserved a lot more for the troubles he brought me, but he's already injured, so fuck it.

My mangled bat now had some specks of blood on it, making for a ghastly image; I ignored it and placed it over my shoulder, a gesture that was quickly becoming part of my default image.

You familiar has been cleansed.

Hm?

A brief flash descended upon my mind; I caught a glimpse of Minon's falling from a high height and snapping her neck against the ground. The images disappeared a moment later like they hadn't even shown up in the first place, leaving me blinking and disoriented.

Minon is dead?

A surge of panic stab my chest, but I quickly subdue it. No, not dead, cleansed. Popping open my Summon Familiar skill, I saw that the once filled slot was open again, and Minon's Strength Card was completely black, marking it as currently unsummonable.

I, somehow, knew I could summon her again if I used my skill to refill her card first.

But it didn't change the fact she got 'killed'. Did something kill her? She appeared to be falling from somewhere high, was it an accident?

"Hey, Hiroshi, what are you looking at?" Ranma asked. Making me blink and realize I'd unconsciously turned to look at the direction Minon had been killed.

"Nothing," I said reflectively. "Have you finished with your side?"

Ranma crossed his arm and raised his eyebrow at my admittedly dumb question, behind him, there were piles of unconscious bodies dispatched way more efficiently than I did. It might be possible he had finished a while ago and was just waiting for me.

"Right, where's Haruka?" I asked, feeling a pang of guilt and worry wheeling up in my stomach. The girl didn't know how to fight, a fact that had slipped out of my mind in the moment and- wait fuck! What if she got attacked!?

"I told her to scramble cuz she'd got hurt." Ranma responded, "I saw her circling around the mess. I think she went to take cover by the shrine."

I sighed, relieved that Ranma was keeping an eye on her.

I swear I'd do that myself on the next opportunity.

"Hey Haruka, we're finished! You can come out now!" I called out in the direction of the shrine.

…

Nothing.

No response, no handsome-looking girl popping up from behind the shrine, or from standing up from behind the offering box, or even coming out from inside the shrine. Just the creaking sound of old, dilapidated wood as it was massaged by the rushing wind of the waning day.

I slowly closed my eyes, fighting against the dread and annoyance my genre savviness was invoking.

Maybe it was nothing, maybe she hadn't heard us, or was playing a prank, or something. I really hope this was the case.

But I can't simply ignore the nagging feeling in the back of my head. A weak, faint feeling I realized it had been there since I arrived in that place, but only now, without delinquents vowing for my head, could focus on it.

No, too weak, could be my imagination playing tricks on me, building up by the fact that Haruka wasn't showing up.

Ranma, too, called for her once. The results were the same.

"She's in the back." He concluded.

"I doubt so," I said as I started to walk toward the shrine.

It became undeniable then because as I approached, the feeling on the back of my head only grew.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Shit.

Ascending the steps to the shrine, walking over the uneven tiles of stone and dirt, passing the old, offering box. I noticed that the door was a bit ajar, understandable for someone how wanted to hide or at least keep out of sight. However, it would be questionable if Haruka would be able to squint her body inside, both due to the shrine's modest size, and the altar to the Kami that was most likely inside. Still, it wouldn't be unrealistic to assume she'd at least had taken a look.

Securing my mangled baseball bat with one hand, I pulled the door open.

"Double shit!" I cursed, this time out loud.

"What?" Ranma, who's been accompanying me, asked. Clearly alarmed at my sudden reaction.

"… Do you remember the Illusion Barrier where we fought that monkey yokai? The one that appeared naturally?"

Because I could see what was left of the altar to the Kami inside… through the distorting, transparent surface of an Illusion Barrier entrance.

One I didn't create.

"Eh? What? There is one right there?" He looked at the phenomenon he couldn't see, and then the implications dawned on him. "Wait, do you think Haruka went inside!?"

"It seems like it," I confirmed.

"Wait, wait, wait! You said people could only enter them with you!"

Because that was what seems like it at the time.

I'd done some tests on the limitations and applications of Illusion Barriers before, it was one of the first things I did, in fact. I could create them, and they all leave a bubble-like, transparent portal when I activate my Illusion Barrier Escape skill while inside. Ranma and everybody else can't interact or even see them in any way, shape, or form. I'd even place a bubble in the middle of a crowded corridor to test that out; everybody just walked through it like it wasn't there.

Haruka was just a normal girl. She shouldn't be able to get inside one at all, or, at least, not so easily.

Excerpt…

… She… isn't a normal girl… If we go by the Gamer system, which I see no reason not to, her death or permanent injury could cause the literal apocalypse, as the system had helpfully implied in the consequences for failing the quest to save her life.

She is not a normal girl.

"Clearly, I was wrong." I decided.

Maybe I was wrong now, maybe Haruka wasn't in there, there is very real chance that's the case.

But as things stand, we can't afford not to look.

"Let's freaking go then! We have to get her!" Ranma stated the obvious.

"Yeah, but…" I hesitated.

"What!?"

"This one is different," I reported, looking at the bubble of unreality. "It's… yellow."

"What!?"

"It's not completely transparent like the others, ok. There is a yellow tinge on it."

That was the only difference, a golden tone softly framing its undulating edges, it was a very, very small difference, but when dealing with things like that, every deviation has to be taken into accord.

"So what? We're not going in because it isn't in the right color!" Ranma affronted.

"I didn't say that!" I bit back. "Just… let's be careful ok. We don't know what could be waiting for us on the other side."

"We'll kick its ass anyway!" Ranma declared. "Let's just go already! We're wasting time!"

"Yeah, it's not like we have much choice."

The very definition of diving into the unknown, I guess. Alright, fuck it, let's do this!

It occurred to me that I could have summoned Minon for extra back up. But by then, I was already stepping into the bubble, dragging Ranma with me.

To a world of blood-red skies and a giant black sun.



A/Note: I got to said this chapter fought against me the entire way. To be honest I'm not completely satisfied by who it turned out, but by this point I just had to move on.

Anyway, I'll try to post the last part some time this week.
Last edited: Aug 24, 2020
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Jul10, DeltaRyuujin and 1,297 others
Adudefromthesea
Mar 16, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 08, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Mar 28, 2020
Add bookmark
#3,984
A/note: Sorry for the delay, try to post it early but my internet provider was throwing a fit, the bastard.



Chapter 08 part 2





This illusion barrier certainly isn't like any other I've entered before.

Rather than a misty recreation of the immediate area with the ghostly impressions of the people on the other side, this was a recreation of the temple, and only the temple. The rectangular boundaries held only a singular line of trees as mementos of the vegetation that should have been there. And stretched out across an impossible large distance where there would normally be a representation of the Ōizumichō district but held nothing at all.

A bright blood-red color dominated everything on sight, to the extent that it suppressed every other color and made it hard to make out edges, angles, and perspective. As if the whole world was a solid block of red. The only thing allowing us to detect distances and shapes were the dashes of deep black that washed over things like endless shadows, more intensely represented by the soft black rain that fell from the equally black clouds covering the pitch-black sun above. The splashes of the black droplets over the overbearing redness were the only thing giving the world shape, and it drenched our bodies in something I hope was water.

"Great." Grumbled Ranma-chan in an oddly echoy pang in her voice. I spared her a look and noticed that this world's effects had made her shirt blend so seamlessly to the area around her that it made look like her head and arms were floating over her legs. Her hair was producing a similar effect.

I would undoubtedly have made a witty comment about this fact if the situation were less tense.

"Stay sharp. This Illusion barrier is not like the others."

I looked around the place. While there are few things of notice, they were surprisingly hard to make them out, the overwhelming sound of rain also wasn't helping.

"No shit," Ranma grumbled once more before focusing. "So, where's Haruka?"

"I can't see her." Impaired visibility, unknown enemy, really creepy ambiance, and Haruka nowhere to be seen; yeah, I'm bringing out the big guns.

And by that, I meant I produced Ryoga's umbrella from my inventory. I could handle its weight much better now, but I still placed the tip on the ground to help me support it.

"I said we spit and look around—"

"OI HARUKA, WHERE YOU'RE AT!?" Ranma bust out.

"Or we could just try this."

To my surprise, we didn't immediately attract some enemy or anything but instead produced a very high pitch sound.

"Kyah!"

It echoed through the rain.

"Oi, is that?" Ranma choked

No time to think about the implications. I called out. "HARUKA, WHERE ARE YOU!?"

"Here!" She shrieked, her voice thin with terror. The sound made us bolt to meet her as soon as her running silhouette appeared in the rain.

She nearly collapsed in my arms, her whole body shaking in fear. But once she realized she was with us, she immediately started to gather herself enough to control her breathing.

"Hiroshi!" She called out after she recovered some of her composure. "What is this!? Where the hell we are!? What's happening!?"

I kept my hand on her shoulders to help steady her. Frankly, I'm immensely glad I found her safe and sound— and this fast, too, I was expecting for it to be a lot harder.

"I'll explain everything after we get out of here. One second!" I closed my eyes and reached out.

ID escape failed, disparity between levels is too high.

Of course there'd be a catch.

"Shit!"

"What? What was that 'Shit'?" Ranma asked, making herself known.

"I can't get us out until we beat up whatever's in there."

"Oh."

"I'm sorry, who are you!?" Haruka demanded of the strange girl.

"I'm Ranma- Err."

Great fucking way to confuse the girl even more Ranma, time and place, man, time and place-

And then my thoughts screeched to a halt, and I realize just why Ranma had trailed off on her dumb response.

We could see Haruka better now that we're close. The rain made easy for us to catch the sparse details the color contrast allowed. She went out with us this morning wearing a striped shirt and overalls. We could see the shirt just fine due to it's red on black colors, but the other piece of clothing…

"Where are your pants!?" Ranma put things bluntly.

Indeed: there was nothing hiding the black silhouette of a pair of long, runners legs crowned by striking bright red panties around the surprisingly shapely hips.

"I-I-I had no choice!" Exclaimed the half-naked girl, now trying to push her shirt downward to hide her modesty. I have no idea how the color them was translating mine and Ranma's blushes. "It had gotten in my clothes!"

I yanked my teenager eyes from the enticing vision enough for me to process that statement.

"What do you mean?"

*Squeak*

"AH!" Haruka exclaimed suddenly and jumped in my arms, latching herself around my neck.

"H-Hey!" I grunted while warping my arm on her lower back. Do you know how hard balancing a tall, athletic girl and an ultra-heavy umbrella is? Very. "Get a hold of yourself!"

"What was that!?" Asked Ranma whipping her head around.

"I-It's here!" Haruka screamed. *Squeak* "AH!"

"What is this squeaking!" I called, desperately trying to concentrate through the tight body being pressed on mine, damn teenage hormones! Why are you reacting at a time like this!?

"I see it!" Ranma declared. "It's fast!"

"What, god damn it!?" I can't see the shit, and Ranma was blurring her head trying to follow it. 'Fast' is an understatement.

"Keep it away from me!" Haruka continued to scream.

*Squeak!*

I felt it, not the thing, but the growing feeling from before, when Ryoga attacked, a mixture of Goosebumps and a chill and an urge to fucking move coming from a particular direction. Like before, it stunned me for e second.

"Not so fast!" Ranma shouted, throwing a punch so fast that it propelled some of the rain horizontally.

*S-Squeak!?*

"Aha!" The martial artist cried out victoriously, her other hand joining the first to grip a… what?

Squinting my eyes and moving close to see, I could make out a—

"Is that a squirrel?" I asked. The fuck was a squirrel doing a last boss zone of all places!?

"E-Eh!?" Haruka finally detached her face from my neck to glance at the thing. "It isn't a rat?"

Is that what she was afraid of?

"No, it's a squirrel," Ranma said while she relaxed her stance somewhat. "Sheesh, all this drama because of a squirrel! Lameee."

"Hey, now!" The blonde girl said, her voice growing stronger. "How the heck I was supposed to know it was a squirrel!? I was trying not to freak out for the, you know, creepy hallucination! And then some furry thing just got into my pants and started rubbing itself on me!"

"Hallucina—HAH! Check it out Hiroshi; she thinks she's hallucinating!"

"This is what a normal person would think, yes." I sighed.

I swear Ranma, your female voice's a sexy raspy purr that sounded like liquid chocolate to the ear, but it can really get on someone's nerves if you tease them like that.

"Who even are you!?" Haruka demanded.

"I told you, dummy. I'm Ranma—OUCH!"

It appears that the squirrel has, perhaps predictably, sank its teeth on Ranma's gripping fingers. She lashes out with a movement that would have laughed at any other squirrel to the stratosphere, but this one not only managed to cling on her hand, but to circle up her arm and into her shirt in a clean, but somewhat hard-to-see movement.

"GAH! What in the world—Hya!?" Ranma cried out. It was tough to see due to the colors, but I blinked as the pair of heavy breasts began to violently bounce in her shirt.

"AH, S-STOP IT!" She continued to shout, finally overcoming her initial shock enough to pat around her chest area, trying to grab the running rodent. "ARG! This-This thing-Kyah! It bit me!"

"See! That's what happened to me! Who's lame now!?" Haruka shouted vindication heavy in her voice.

"ARHHHH! STOP YOU DAMN PERVERT SQUIRREL!" Ranma was wiggling in a way only someone with squirrels in their pants would— Shirt, in this case. She fell down on the wet ground and I swear the Phineas and Ferb's song began to play in my head.

"H-H-Hiroshi! DO SOMETHING!"

At my friends' cry, I double slapped my face and focused. Right, Ranma got squirrel Happosai in her shirt. What to do.

"What do you want me to do, anyway!?" I complained.

"ANYTHING!" Ranma shouted back.

And that would be the time to raise the super heavy umbrella over my head and start to comically beat Ranma until she is blue and purple. A true display of anime trope and what anyone of the Ranma 1/2's cast would do. However, I only follow anime tropes if they amuse me, and I don't fancy laying the mother of beatdowns on Ranma if she doesn't deserve it.

So instead, I reach down to my writhing friend and completely rip her Chinese shirt off. Making Haruka gasp behind me.

*Squeak?* The squirrel looked up at me from his place between Ranma's sizable cleavage, confused as it to why it could feel the rain again. Right to the point where I slapped it to the ground.

"Kya!" Ranma let out a feminine gasp while her breasts bounced over the impact of my slap.

"GAH!?" Haruka gasped for another reason.

"Gasp." I vocalized calmly, not wanting to feel left out, "There, fixed it!"

"You ripped out her shirt!" Haruka squeaked tightly.

And speaking of squeaks, the pervert squirrel was now squeaking angrily at me from its place on the ground. The only thing left was a little rodent fist shaking in my direction to complete the image.

Yeah, this is not a normal squirrel.

Ranma let out a breath as she sat up. "Bah. Thank Hiroshi, should've thought of that."

"T-That's your reaction!?"

Ignoring poor Haruka for a bit, I rose to my feet and offer a hand to pull Ranma up. After both our fighting force we back in action, we did the obvious thing and loomed over the perceived threat.

Of course, Ranma was only looming cuz she was pissed at it, but I? I could see its name tag.

Semurahamaru
Kami of small delights
Level: 50

A freaking Kami!? Seriously!? A perverted squirrel Kami, at least it fits with Ranma1/2. Though, this level… this might end up turning into a monty python's rabbit situation if I'm not careful.

Still, the rodent seems to be getting worried under our long and unnaturally dark shadows, and I don't think the red sky behind us is helping the matters. It kept shaking its head, looking at me and Ranma while slowly stepping back. If I hadn't deduced this squirrel wasn't normal, this abnormal show of emotion would have convinced me of it.

"What is all this ruckus!?"

The grouchy voice that echoed was so unexpected that it almost sent us stumbling. Both Ranma and I snapped our head to where it had come from at the same time that Haruka fell on her ass with a scream on her lips.

An enormous thing has surged from gods known where and was now towering over us like a freaking mountain. A long shadow had darkened it to the point that it looked like a giant rectangular block with what I could only barely make out was four legs.

"Ranma!" I hissed.

"I see it!" She said, already on battle stance and sizing the thing up, and there was a lot to size.

A boss battle. A boss battle that I hope can to avoid.

"Who are you!?" I asked, raising my voice to pierce through the rain. Ranma gave me a look and decided not to rush in.

A protuberating appeared in the shadow, raising itself and turning weirdly to our direction. It wasn't until three baseball-sized spheres of bright red opened that I realized it was its head. Then it breathed, letting out a burst of intense heat followed by a trail of flames that turned to vapor under the rain.

It can breathe fire too? Greattt.

"Hiroshi! What the hell is that thing!?" Ranma snapped.

I can't see its name, title, or specimens, nor I can see its level. It's not that it doesn't have a tag telling me these things, is that it was too high for me to have a proper look, much less when it was raining like that.

"Hum. What you brats looking at?" It spoke. Its voice sounded ancient, like, it had all the wear and tear of an old man on the verge of dying, but still loud and clean and, if not full of vitality, firm. A contradiction in form of noise. "Ah! I get it. It's these blasted colors! Mō-Mō, move away! You're blocking the damn view."

A low, grave noise echoed around us, blasting the chilly rain and unexpected heated air in our direction.

"Was that… was that a 'Mooo'? Is that thing a cow!?" Ranma's incredulity was palpable in her voice.

My mind wondered about the correct word to the sound a cow makes for a single moment before focusing back to what was important, just in time to process the massive, hulking thing moving to the side.

It's dark, unnaturally long shadow was like a perfect blanket over everything it covered, but now that it'd moved, the place where it once stood was overtaken by red, thus revealing a new, much smaller figure in black.

The details were hard to make out, but it was an old man. A very, very old man. His body was of an odd, pear-like shape, with a somewhat bloated belly with gaudy limbs hidden beneath a very loose kimono sticking out of it, all weirdness in his body was also accentuated by his hunch over posture, making his chest sink backward under the half-open gap of the outfit.

His face was something that barely seems human; thought putting like that might be a bit rude. It has clearly been affected by the ages, a crosswork of wrinkles and age lines scrunched up the skin of the oddly elongated head, there was a noticeable sag in the cheeks and forehead, making his eyes look like sunken holes rather than proper eyes. He doesn't seem to have any hair in his head, but his facial hair was sharp and long enough to make Shaolin masters proud.

I got the impression of a man that aged way past what most people should.

"Who're you, old man!?" Ranma asked. She was still holding her battle stance. Good thing too.

Because I doubt this guy is human.

"Humph!" The old man grumped nasally. Stepping forwards a bit. Only then I noticed the rain was shirking around him as if to not daring to get him wet. The odd phenomenon allowed me to clearly see his tag. "The state of youth of this age… You will address me as honorable elder, do you understand, brat!? And cover your bosom! Have you no shame!" He chastised.

Tōtōsai
Ancient Yokai Blacksmith.
The Father of the Fangs.
Level: ??

Well fuck, not only his level is the troublesome '??' but he also has two freaking titles. What the fuck does this mean!? Can this even happen!?

Wait a second!

A youkai blacksmith named Tōtōsai? That sounds like—

IT'S THAT DUDE FROM INUYASHA!

"What was that old man!?" Ranma shouted, making Tōtōsai the blacksmith grumble.

"Ranma, hold on," I said before she could add any more rudeness.

Now, how to go about this? I can't call him by the name or give any indication that I know him, and I certainly can't mention Inuyasha. The problem is that I can't explain how I know that without spilling the beans about everything, and I don't want to lie about a reason to know either. Lies like that never last and end up provoking troublesome situations in the future.

So the only option is to act like I don't know him, which… was true.

I never actually met him, and I don't remember the Inuyasha anime that well. All the knowledge I have only served to color my opinion about him, and he looks different than he did in the show, a lot… older—Wait!

Older…

Oh god.

"Hum? What are you looking at, youngster?"

"… Sorry." I tried to remember the proper way to address yokais from my memories of Japanese folklore. There isn't a set rule, but the main thing seems to be politeness. "It's my first time talking to a Yokai. I ask for forgiveness if I caused any disturbance. We just wish to retrieve our friend."

And speaking of it, where's… Ah, Haruka still on the ground, looking at Tōtōsai and the giant, possible cow-like thing with wide eyes. I think she's in shock.

"Another indecent girl I see, and if I have to guess, you're also involved with the other ruckus on the other side." The old blacksmith commented and continued to grumble. "I had just managed to fall back to sleep! Have you come to bring yet further torment to this poor old man? Oh, the shame!"

He's not like I remember… from the few recollections I had. I remember who he was, but it has been too long since I last watch the anime to remember how he acts. Plus…

I think- no, I'm certain that this isn't the Tōtōsai I knew; If my hunch is correct, then this is a Tōtōsai that outlived the anime.

From the Sengoku era to now, 500 years, he lived all this time, that means…

No, I'll think about the full implications of that later.

"If you are referring to the fight outside this dimension, then I participated in it, I apologize for having disturbed you then too," I said, trying to appease him.

"'Dimension'? Huh, you speak like a foreigner. I'm Tōtōsai of Adatara, youngster with indecent females, who are you?"

"My name is Ōe Hiroshi, Tōtōsai-san, this is Saotome Ranma and Tenou Haruka. We are honored to meet you." By that point, Haruka started to get to her feet. She still needed to grasp on mine and Ranma's waistbands to pull her trembling legs up, however.

"Hey, old man, how are you making the rain avoid you like that?" Ranma asked bluntly, she was more relaxed now, but still made no movement to cover her large tits.

Tōtōsai scoffed her disregard for modesty and apparently decided to drop the subject. "I've befriend it. Now, can one of you explain what that ruckus was all about?"

"On the outside, or here on the inside?" I began. "The ruckus on the outside happened because some guys challenged me for a fight, and the one here happened because of the squirrel."

It occurred to me that, unlike what I've been expecting, we probably wouldn't have to fight anything in here. Going by what I knew about Tōtōsai, it's unlikely that he would start anything, and that giant cow monster doesn't seem to be violent despite its size and fire breathing. Currently, it was sitting on the side, pulling a tall tree branch while munching on its leaves. I don't think it's very smart.

"Where is that damn squirrel, by the way?" Ranma asked.

"Ah yes, Semurahamaru, he was melted back into this oumagatoki. It was using it to survive until today, but something changed recently. I was surprised when he managed to take a physical form." Tōtōsai's wrinkled hand caressed the length of his long goatee. "Must have thought the maidenhood of these girls were offering, but now the perceived power must have run out."

The old yokai turned his back to us and walked to there the frame of the temple stood. It was a bare foundation with four columns and a roof. Settled on a circle under the roof, was a futon, a micro television, and countless others object big and smalls that I couldn't make out due to the shadows, but I reckon by the anvil and the boiler among them that they were related to blacksmithing.

"You live here?" I asked, unsure where to go from here.

Tōtōsai sat on the center of his belongings with difficulties, each vertical movement he made seems like a struggle, his thin legs trembled so much as he was lowering himself that I thought they might snap for a moment.

His sunken regarded me for a long moment before he finally spoke.

"Passing through." He shifted to the side, laying an elbow on his knee and his head on his raised fist. "No matter where I go. Be it the haunted meadows of the world of illusions, the ever-shifting landscapes of the land of legends, dreams, and gods, or even the rotting scenery of the world you humans have inherited, people always find me, they always ask for my creations. So I always move."

Ok I… definitely caught the subtle meaning of his words

"We don't wish for anything from you. As I said, we are just there to get our friend." As a show of goodwill, I raised the ultra-heavy umbrella to my shoulder and let it slid down into an inventory screen, disarming myself of my most dangerous weapon.

"Are you…" A voice started behind me. I could feel Haruka tightening the grip she had on my shirt. On the other side, she did the same with Ranma's waistband, it was an uncomfortable place to grip, but the martial artist made no comment. "Are you the one fixing the broken things… Around the area, I mean."

Oh yeah, there was something like that.

The ancient yokai shrugged. "It's a hobby." Was his explanation.

He's fixing things around the neighborhood, seemly at random and with no incentive, from simple fixes like everyday cracks on the stonework to complicated endeavors like the whole electric system of a car. How he's doing it I don't know, I'd never related a blacksmith to an electrician but nevertheless; he's assuming responsibility for the acts.

Maybe he could…

"Ah, there is it." Tōtōsai leaned in, making the shadows dance across his face. His voice had turned cold. "You want something from me."

I nearly choke on my breath as I felt the weight of his words. But I can't deny that it's true.

"What is it? What is it you want from the great Tōtōsai? A sword that inflicts incurable diseases in each cut? A spear that can pierce through heavens as easily as it would a man's chest? Perhaps a mace able to grind mountains to dust?" The yokai rambled, his tired voice growing louder and tenser with each word. I could see his fist clenching over the fabric of his kimono, trembling in fury. "Come on, off with it! Tell me what you want so I can add it to the piles of denials I've been accumulating over the centuries!"

Shit, there it goes all the goodwill we could possibly have build. Still, if he really wanted to know.

"I want you to repair my baseball bat."

He immediately began to reply, only to shallow back his word and stutter. As if too shocked to react.

"Repairs!" He choked out. "You wish to purchase services of Tōtōsai of Adatara, the father of the fangs, the one who armed the heavenly ones, to make repairs!?" Without waiting for a response, he threw his head back and laughed. Laughed so hard his thin chest trembled and heaved, only to be interrupted by a coughing fit.

"What was that about?" Ranma asked me in a hushed, but quiet tone while the old man recuperated.

"I really am trying to fix my bat." I saw no reason to lie about that.

"Yeah, but couldn't you've done it without provoking the cow? Haruka is here!"

Ah…

Yeah, the cow demon, Mō-Mō, I believe, was now looming a bit too close to us, close enough that put us well inside the range of its flaming breath. And I agreed with Ranma, picking a fight with Haruka so close would be unwise.

"Ehk." Tōtōsai finished with a dry cough very characteristic of an old man. "All my age, I'd never…"

Well, he certainly seems to have lost the heat he was building up and went back to being a grumpy old man, that's… good, I guess. I open my mouth to speak, but he interrupted me.

"Now say what you wish to say, Semurahamaru…"

*Squeak!*

"Ah, it's there!" Ranma exclaimed, pointing at the squirrel perked on the youkai's shoulder.

The thing began squeaking in Tōtōsai's ear. Its squeaks that once sounded so prevalent now barely made it out the rain.

Hum, the rain seems less intense somehow.

Ironically, that fact made it harder to see the world.

"I see, I understand now." The old yokai said, and then sunk on himself with a breath. His eyes or the holes where his eyes laid hidden by flesh turned toward me.

"You've done a service for my little friend, boy; his first offering in 68 years. I've decided." He shifted, holding out a hand. "Give me this baseball bat you wish to see fixed."

I couldn't follow the line of reasoning, but I wasn't about to look a gift horse in the mouth.

It was weird, putting words to what happened next. I remember taking a step forwards under Ranma's protests, something about stealing my shoelaces or something he'd experienced before, but then, not even two steps in, my bat slip from my hands as the squirrel, moving at higher speeds than what he displayed before, took it to the blacksmith in my stead. Seeing a large, broke down baseball bat being carried by a tiny squirrel to an old yokai was admittedly a weird sight.

I would have protested, or at least approached to see the process. But my shirt was pulled from behind, not strongly, just enough to halt my steps. I look back, expecting to see Ranma, but instead, I found Haruka staring at me.

The black and red contrasted on her expression. Shit, I've forgotten how terrifying all this must be for her.

"Tōtōsai-san, I think I should-" Come back later, was what I meant to say, just so I could take Haruka out of here and back to normal reality, but I didn't get the change was something came spinning towards me. I caught it reflexively.

"There."

I…

The metal bat gleamed if the spark of red over its black surface was any indication. I don't understand how he'd done it so fast, It took only a minute, perhaps even less.

But then again, maybe it was yokai bullshit; I suppose I'll never know.

"Right," I said, gripping the immaculate handle tightly. "Right, thank you," I repeated and drew back. What I gave Haruka wasn't a hug, it was a shoulder to steady herself, Ranma was doing the same on the other side.

"I have an… ability to get us out, but to activate it, I need to be the strongest thing in this place…" I said out loud as an explanation for my friend and to hopefully prompt a suggestion to the yokai, honestly, without my skill, I don't know how we would get out.

"Yes, this Twilight told me about it. Try it again, that odd thing you did, you should be successful this time."

God, his words, his mannerisms… This was a friendly yokai, a friendly yokai from a series that I know off, and that is at least non-antagonistic towards humans. I could stay for a bit. I could ask him so many things.

But Haruka comes first.

So I took both her and Ranma by the shoulders, almost instinctively drawing them close to me before activating the skill.

And just like that, we were gone.

-0-0-0-​

I stepped out of this Illusion barrier like I've done to so many others in these past few days. This time, however, my mind was heavy with the revelations…

In a way, I've learned more things from my talk with the Shiori, we'd talk for a long time about many things, and even now I still processing what she'd said.

This time though, this time was different, I haven't learned things from a pleasant, date-like meeting, I experience them, for the first time I got I taste of the world I now have context for.

Inuyasha was real, just like Ranma ½ and Campione. Yokais, true yokais, not those mysterious mindless beings from my Illusion Barriers are real. Natural Illusion Barriers can exist; they are called 'oumagatoki' by the locals, and they… They're alive… in some manner of speaking.

I felt it granting me permission to exert my exit ID skill upon it. I… Frankly, I don't know what to think right now.

"Ah!" Fortunately, the first thing I saw after stepping back in the real world proved to be enough of a distraction.

"Rin?"

The Taimanin was kneeling on the ground immediately in front of the temple, most of the clothes that once covered her topside were discarded into a pile near her, leaving out a sweaty white bra tautly spread over her mammoth-sized bosom. Normally something like that would've garnered my complete attention, but I couldn't look away from her naked arms when I noticed them, for they're gleaming with countless rivulets of bright red blood that tattooed the entirety of the two limbs with jagged lines.

The source of the blood was a series of finely carved glyphs that descended over her skin, markings of an unknown form of kanji the Japanese part of my was trying to decipher, by the slightly bloody kunai on her side I say it was self-inflicted. The same markings were being drawn in the blank scroll spread open in front of her, she seems to be drawing with her fingers, using the flowing blood was ink.

Needless to say, it was quite unexpected.

I saw her eyes going from shook to surprise, then blurry with tears. "Aruji-sama!" Rin exclaimed while she threw herself at me. Her body hit my waist, but it wasn't enough to throw me off, her bloody arms circled tightly around me. "A thousand, thousand pardons Aruji-sama. Oh, unforgivable, if something had happened to you and yours this one would, this one would." She cried against my skin, her body trembling with the tiny spasms of her half-muffled sobs.

"I-I'm back, we're back, what-" Haruka was whispering against my shoulder. She hadn't processed Rin's presence yet. "I-I don't feel so good."

"What the hell is this? Who is this lady!?" Ranma, however, was quite aware of her. "W-why the hell is she half-naked!?" She shouted, completely ignoring her own topless state, her large breasts, not as large as the ones mashed against a dangerous part of my body, brushed against my side as she looked up at me. "Oi Hiroshi! Do you know who the hell—hehhh!" She blinked at the distance between us, her nose scrunching in a cute frown. "Oi, bastard, why the hell you are holding me!?"

Well fuck, is this what being overwhelmed feels like? Too many things happening at once and you don't know what to address first. It fucking sucks.

"NII-SAN! WE'VE COME TO SAVE YOU!"

Of course it wouldn't end there.

The viper guy that we 'saved' early and had hauled ass as soon as he was free of bound appeared again in the temple's entrance, leading 18 other Vipers delinquents ready for a fight.

… Okay.

At least he wasn't escaping like it first seemed, but his timing really sucked. Something that became clear now that he and the rest could see the prone bodies of every Ragnarok delinquent littering the grounds. They were too late.

A series of 'woooah' and "Ohhhhh" broke through the crowd as they finally looked at me. I could see their weapons falling from their limp fingers, and their eyes growing bigger and filling with sparkling stars. Some of them even began to whistle.

I frowned, why in the world are they acting like that—

"And who the hell are those guys?" Ranma exclaimed a question. Her cheek had unconsciously brushed against the arm I had over her shoulder while she turned to look at the new arrivals. "Urg, do we have to fight them too?"

I… closed my eyes.

At my left, a slightly off girl without any pants was slowly leaning more on me as the stress of the day got to her. At my right, a completely topless girl was brushing her cheek on my arm while shamelessly displaying her 'assets', one of it still clearly mashed against my side. And on my waist, with head lodged on a position that would make for an interesting vision for any onlookers, an unbelievable hot milf loudly choking her sobs, her enormous breasts swaying pendulously beneath her.

"GAh!" Choked a Ragnarok grunt who had recently awaken to the sight. He pointed a fearful finger at me. "D-Dandy bat!"

Fucking hell.


A/Note: Another hard chapter to write, chapter 8 was a hard chapter in general.

At first there would have been a fight there, but I decided to introduce Tōtōsai and Semurahamaru to set somethings up for the future, sorry about that for those who wanted action, next chapter will have in spades. Before you ask, Semurahamaru is a Oc and a Kami, it never appeared in Inuyasha.

And yeah Inuyasha is part of the cross, some of it's characters and concepts changed a lot due to the lore. Inuyasha is a interesting series because there is two sides running parallel to each other, one is the canon side we all know where Kagome travels back in time and all the stuff, and another is 'after canon' where the long lived characters stayed alive for 500 years and are now running around in the present, cuz it's canon that yokai can live for a long ass time. This side is more affected by the rest of the crossoves, and they all have grow and changed as time went by. So you can expect characters that would make sense to live for a long time to appear on the present (Be warned though, 500 is a long time and a lot of things can happen so they might not be the same, or they might no be alive to appear at all)
Last edited: Feb 5, 2022
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Teraalc, DeltaRyuujin, HiddenBlade94 and 1,346 others
Adudefromthesea
Mar 28, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 09
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Apr 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#4,294
Chapter 09






Today, no, it's yesterday now. Yesterday was an eventful day.

We'd taken Haruka to Tofu's clinic to get something to calm her nerves. She's clearly been shaken by all she experienced, from being in the middle of a gratuitous display of teenage violence to suddenly fall into an entirely new and intimidating world with an honest-to-god yokai in it. And she'd really fallen into it; according to her, she stepped into the temple to find cover, only to smash face-first against a plushy barrier she couldn't see, she got sucked in a second later and I can imagine what happened next. Pretty much confirming that while she can't feel or see Illusion Barriers, she can interact and enter them.

That was all I managed to get from her before she closed off. She asked for some time to think about all of this. I can't deny that the way she said it didn't hurt a little bit, but it was understandable. If she decides to put everything behind her, including the budding friendship with the troublemakers who caused it all, it was her decision.

I sighed one more time, adding to the large count I've been accumulating through the night. No use worrying about that now, I guess.

The weight of my restored bat sat comfortably on my shoulder as I rolled it around, occasionally dropping it down to bounce it on the pavement just for the heck of it, sometimes I even used it as I cane. This was all mostly to feel the new leather wrapping moving on my palm, or to see the light of the lamppost dancing over its immaculate metallic surface.

It felt good to have it whole again.

A short while later, my midnight walk ended in the same place my Sunday began; the vacant lot a few blocks from my apartment and floating innocently right in the middle of it was the spherical shape of the Illusion Barrier I'd created in the morning. It was now spotting a light green color, contrary to the transparent hue from before.

Something had changed in it, that much was obvious, the fact that for some reason Minon died inside after hours of non-stop annihilation against monsters that couldn't, or at least shouldn't, be able to leave any lasting damage on her was telling enough. Maybe something else got inside, or the barrier itself leveled up. Any of these cases could explain the change of color.

I passed a nervous hand over my hair, finally disturbing the perfect gel-granted slickness that bravely held on for most of the day. The truth of the matter is; I don't have enough information to start making assumptions.

The rustle of clothes behind me told me that my follower had assumed her new favored position of the night.

"Stop that, Rin. I already said you can raise your head." Looking over my shoulder, I found the expected sight of Uehara Rin prostrating herself in a very low dogeza bow. She's been doing this each time we stop for more than a few seconds.

"T-This one can't, Aruji-sama!" She declared against the ground, not even trying to raise her head. "I-It wouldn't be proper."

I sighed yet again.

"I'm the one who rushed into danger without thinking. It's not your fault." I tried to reason with her one more time.

"T-This one's duty is to protect Aruji-sama!" She declared. "She should have secured the area of your honorable duel first hand; she should have made sure there were no unforeseen dangers or threats. Yet the Twilight Gate went undetected, causing one of Aruji-sama's favored to fall into it, later followed by Aruji-sama himself." Her voice began to break. "T-This useless one even failed to respond in time! If it weren't for Aruji-sama's own talents, her ward could have suffered mortal consequences. Oh please!" She cried out loudly. One would think she was trying to fuse her head with the ground right then. "T-This one implores you, Aruji-sama, lay down your rightful judgment upon her so she could repent!"

Anh, all this formal speaks jumbled with her weird way of talking. I wanted to sigh again.

"You really want to be punished so badly?" Matter of pride? Perhaps, or she just wants a consequence for her failure, I could understand that. "Ok… What usually happens to a Taimanin when she fails her mission?"

I could her jerking a little, her head rising to look at my feet and leg before going down again.

"A-Aruji-sama! A-a-a Taimanin should be disciplined by bathing in boiling oil to wash her sins, t-then her back should be whipped proportionally to the humiliation she brought upon herself, the noble Corp, and her master. Finally, she must be given to the barracks so her body may be useful in releasing the stress of worthier warriors. This must go on until her master or the Corp deems enough. After that, they would decide if she will be allowed back in active service, or if she must give up her life as a final form of repentance."

… Completely brutal, of course, with a dash of public use that makes the whole thing sound like a hardcore hentai. I suppose it makes a sickly amount of sense for something like Taimanin Asagi; even if the kunoichi manages to escape the sexual humiliation she would endure in the hand of the demons, she still has to endure the sexual humiliation that would be waiting for them at the hands of the taimanin corp, so she is fucked no matter what, meaning that the episode or game will always have H-scenes no matter the outcome.

To be honest, this level of punishment sounds incredibly stupid to me, why risk permanent psychological or physical damage to your highly trained kunoichi? They don't grow on fucking trees! It's a waste of years of investment goddamn it!

I shook my head from these thoughts and addressed the still bowing ninja.

"Look, I won't put you through punishment of this level, it's disproportional… would take too long, and I don't even have barracks where you could be used." I listed off and almost groaned when I saw that she still maintain the same position. "Alright, I'll think of something, I will punish you if you want it so much, but later,

I need you tonight, so raise your damn head!"

"H-Hai!" She finally did so, and quickly half jumped, half stumbled back to her feet.

…Is that a little blush? I just went drill sergeant on her ass why would she- oh, I said I need her.

Cute.

So cute, in fact, that I had to lean in and place a quick peck on her lips. Something she clearly wasn't expecting by the way she started stuttering and letting out weird squeaky noises.

Making no comment about that and still holding a deadpan expression, I turn around and let her deal with her minor freak out. Next step…

From darkness and shadows of what must be the most evil-looking summoning circle ever a cowgirl appeared.

"WOOOOOH MINON IS BACK!!!!" She proclaimed while raising her warhammer high, her voice booming across the area, illuminating windows and throwing distant dogs into barking fits.

"Volume!" I snapped, but inside I was relieved, looks like she stills the same Minon, the one I summoned this morning I mean. There was a real possibility that she would come out differently after her 'death', or another Cardian of Strength would take her place. But it seems I didn't need to worry.

She was slightly different in appearance though, her blonde and pink hair now only reaches her shoulders rather than fall to her lower back, and her skin color was a few shades darker.

"GRAH! SOR- I mean, sorry master, I forgot." She grinned sheepishly.

"I can see the pattern." I nodded. "Now tell me; how did you die?"

"Err." My Amazonian summon tilted her head. "I-Is that a tricky question? I'm bad at those, minon! I'm still alive master!"

"No, I…" I pinched the bridge of my nose and decided to try a different approach. "You… lost a battle early today, didn't you."

Mino pushed her lips petulantly, looking away.

Seriously?

"Minon…" I said warningly.

"Alright! I did, ok! That thing came out of nowhere!" She snapped. But she soon lowered her tone when she remembered whom she had snapped to. "… Sorry master."

Wearing her emotions on her sleeve is an understatement with this one. Still, I found her oddly charming because of this.

"Tell me what happened in detail," I commanded.

And she did so, sparing absolutely nothing she had seen, heard or felt… Until I told her to skip to the relevant part that it.

My shoulder dropped in relief… and a little disappointment.

"That's it?" I asked.

"Yes, master." Minon looked around, alarmed for my flat tone of voice. "Err, did I do something I shouldn't master."

A fucking slime.

… Ok, not a slime; the slimy phenomenon I witnessed with Ranma that one time, it seems like Minon managed to agro every slime in the map with her one-woman jihad against their species. They had fused together into one 'bigass jello' in Minon's word and conspired to take her down.

Wait.

"A Slime killed you, Minon?"

She blinked. "Ye…Yeah, that's what I said, master."

"But you're a woman." I mused.

The data I gathered from the experiments Ranma thought it were accidental, indicated that Slimes do not hurt women, ever. They only cling to them to dissolve their clothes, and that's it. Their acidic bodies don't even irritate the skin of a female Ranma, but they would leave ugly burns to a male one. Hell, they don't even go on the offensive when the female in question succeeds in damaging them.

That's why I didn't see trouble in leaving Minon alone in an IB that later I'd come to realize only had them.

Yet, she had been killed how…

Wait, didn't she die falling?

"… Mino, tell me again, how did you die?"

"Gladly!" She grinned and patted her biceps. "I was fighting bravely—"

"Without lying," I said, firmly.

The cowgirl choked on her word. "I-I…" She fought her tongue to not answer. "I… IrI… I tri-… I-IIIIIII tttttttripped." She finally rasped out.

She tripped and fell off a building. That makes more sense.

"I don't like when people lie to me, Minon. Especially when it's important." I said slowly.

I'm not an absolutist, I know there are harmless lies and fun lies meant to prank or surprise, but lies that keep me from seeing the real picture… yeah, those need to be ironed out.

"… I'm ashamed." She admitted with her head hanging low.

"You should be more ashamed for lying to me." I sighed. "Look, never do this again, ok, not when things are serious."

She perked up a little.

"Ok, master! Never again, I promise, minon!"

Like talking to a small child, I swear.

"Rin!" The kunoichi that was curiously looking at our interaction snapped to attention. "The situation is much less dangerous than I imagine, but I'm still bringing you with me in case something happens."

It's only a bunch of slimes that fused together. Their level didn't really change. I won't even need to kill them. Just go in and erase the barrier.

That green tinge, though, it's worrying me.

"Hai!" The taimanin confirmed. Then she fidgeted a bit. "Get in... Could Aruji-sama mean the Twilight Gate in this lot? If-If so then, this one still has part of the Moonlit Road offering drawn upon her arms. T-this one can safely take Aruji-sama inside if he so desires!"

The Moonlit Road, I've inquired about that earlier, according to Rin, it was a sacrifice of blood and vitality to the moon in exchange for a way inside an Illusion barrier. There is also a twin ritual meant for day; The Sunlit Road offering. Those were the primary method the Taimanin uses to get inside an 'Oumagatoki' if they ever need to.

"I really need that crash course in magic you've promised me, Rin." I reminded her and myself, no matter how well I posed, I was still ignorant to the majority of the supernatural manners. This needs to be rectified fast. But first. "There is no need; you saw me getting inside, remember? I have my own means."

And with that, I sunk my arm inside the barrier, pushing myself up to the elbow before waving for the girls to grab on me. Physical contact is needed for my 'enter illusion barrier' skill to work on them.

Let's just erase this barrier and go home; after a day like this, I'm fucking tired.

-0-0-0-​

… It wasn't a fusion of slimes.

"Ah! It looks like me now, minon!"

Indeed, the enormous, gelatinous mass was spotting a protrusion that formed a torso, two limbs, a massive pair of breasts, and a horned head. It did indeed looked like Minon, albeit a half-melted version of her.

But more importantly…

Giant Slime/Gestating Slime Queen
Level: 30

It's the freaking boss.

…Ok.

This is not unexpected, I mean, I know what the gamer is, I may not know the exact mechanics but I know enough to build some expectations.

"Right. Looks like we'll have to use you, after all, Rin."

A level ?? taimanin against a level 30 slime, I was not worried.

"H-Hai! I won't disappoint you, Aruji-sama!"

It appears to be making a mess before we arrived as it already destroyed half of the replicated city block. Suddenly it moved in our direction, apparently finally noticing we were there. The pile of rubble and debris hissed and smoked due to the passage of the acidic body over the pieces.

Their movements were slow and sluggish; it took two full seconds to raise its arm at us.

I raised my eyebrow as I considered the optics of the fight; I knew slimes aren't the fastest monster in a barrier, but to be this slow—

Then the part where the shoulder met the arm began to bloat, ballooning outward in a grotesque, but oddly cartoony display.

"AH!" Cried out Minon, apparently recognizing the phenomenon. She nodded, "We should dodge!"

A little earlier would've been better, but still, we were well out of the way when the bubble finally burst in a violent pop, launching part of its acidic body to the place where we previously stood—

"Eek!" Rin gasped as she was glued to the wall with the blob of greenish slime all over her.

W… Seriously!?

Fucking- I know she is a badass ninja, she wouldn't have been able to erase an entire orc cartel otherwise, her level indicated this, what I knew of taimanin indicate this.

Then, what the fuck was that!? Is it because of her meek personality thing? Fuck, I thought it was just a little quirk from this crazy anime world but now it actually got in the way.

Whatever, going to talk to her after this is all over, she should be safe there. I mean, her clothes will melt, but she got an abundance of those.

"Oi Minon!" I shouted to the cowgirl at a distance. "It's only us now, get on her face, and keep the pressure on!"

"Aye, master! Minonnn!" She cried while rushing to the monster.

To anyone else, this would be suicide, but Minon was a woman. I don't know why the slimes don't damage women, but I plan to exploit the fuck out of this glitch like any self-respecting gamer would.

As for me, close combat wouldn't do me any good, so I threw my bat back into the inventory, and ran to a better position. I would play magical support.

As far as boss battle goes, this wasn't a hard one.

Minon crashed her warhammer against the gelatinous form, its head shinning with the effect of her Power Strike skill; the attack threw chunks of the monster everywhere.

The fact that she tries to retreat immediately afterward told me that she had acquired some experience fighting slimes and knew that they have a tendency to latch on whatever was attacking them. That said, because this particular slime was much bigger, she did not succeed in getting out of the way fast enough, and her leg got grabbed, not that it prevented her from laying another power strike on the stretched out thread of goo, freeing her leg from the larger whole.

Had she been a man, her leg wouldn't be connected to her body anymore, but as this isn't the case, she could press on with relative abandon, the only risk to being getting trapped beneath the weight of the slime and have her movements constricted. And that was precisely how the monster was trying to deal with her, cutting up her retreat and get more slime on her body to slow her down and make her clumsy.

Meanwhile, I was circling around the area, staying clear from the splashes of acid and lying thick on the Mana Bolt barrage whenever I could.

A simple and straightforward strategy, but one that was working.

But it wouldn't last.

Placing my arm over the destroyed remains of a window, I shot a few more mana bolts at the smile's torso and raised arm, interrupting her attempt at pinning the increasingly slime-covered Minon. The Boss responded to my attack by popping parts of her body, sending 'shrapnels' of acid in my direction and forcing me to change my position.

There was two way to kill a slime, one is to deal enough damage to their form, provided that it was magical damage, and the other is to destroy their 'core', a semi-transparent sphere inside the monster's gelatinous mass, we are trying for the first option because while it was relatively easy to find the core in a small blob on the ground, the boss is a blob taller than Minon and I couldn't even get close. But the thing is, the only attack Minon has that seems to affect the monster was Power Strike, and she needed a few seconds between uses to recharge. Everything else she could dish out just annoyed the beast and got her stuck. And with me, the only magic I had was Mana Bolt, which as effective as it is, it didn't seem to be able to do enough damage to truly worn the beast down.

I don't have a damage counter to know how well we're doing, but it certainly feels like we're not getting far; the slime seems to be able to simply regrown the mass that we blew off, or it used as ammunition, and sometimes that ammunition was directed at Minon rather than me, covering my main tank more and more in acid goo and slowing her down despite her best complains and loud promises of revenge. The straps of her bikini armor were looking thinner by the minute.

It all comes down to the lack of variety in my repertoire; if my one spell and it's few variations fail and I can't pummel the enemy to death with my bat, then I'm a sitting duck. I've meant to rectify that, but there are just so many damn things happening… Whatever, no use whining about it now.

Diving out of the way of a crumbling concrete wall that suffered too much structural damage, I decided to change tactics and pulled up my stat screen while I maneuvered my way through the rubble-filled street.

I had 10 points from the early level up, not enough to make a huge difference like before but enough to give me an edge. I balanced it out between the two stats that affected my magic.

As my back hit another wall with the fight raging on behind, I formed a Mana bolt in my hand. Then I continued to pour Mana in, making the inner light of the sphere swell and pulse as its form bloated out, growing from fist size to beachball sizes in three seconds flat, a new record.

Hit the fucker with a bigger gun, a simple logic, but I got nothing to lose.

"Hey, Minon, duck!"

The cowgirl couldn't see me; she had her back in my direction, pulling herself from the stretch out mass of her own gelatinous clone. But she heard me; thus, her body instinctively reacted to my command by throwing itself to the ground before her mind could process it. The thick thread of goo immediately started to drag her to the slime, but only until my giant Mana bolt traveled the whole way and hit it. Engulfing the majority of the monster topside in a bright light.

Then it exploded.

Arcane sneak attack leveled up!

Bits of acidic slime splashed everywhere, changing the layout of the area even more. For the first time, the monster completely lost it's Minon façade, seemly going limp, and liquid enough for the real Minon to detach herself and roll away from its reach.

"YEAH Master! That's how you do it!" The cowgirl cheered, pupping her hammer up in the air. The movement caused her large breasts to bounce a little too heavily and snap the already fragile constraint of her metal bikini top, not that she cared.

"Look alive, Minon. It isn't over yet!" I warned as what was left of the monster began to stir again.

There is nothing like breaking your opponent's illusion of invincibility to boost your morale. Now that we clearly managed to do a considerable about of damage, I could notice things I wasn't registering before, like the fact the slime was regenerating slower and slower, or how it doesn't seem to maintain its Minon-shape during a constant barrage. Now that I knew the monster wasn't simply shrugging what I threw at it, I could focus on winning.

Thus the same strategy was repeated, and this time I don't intend to stop until I'm out of mana.

However, this time the thing surprised us by literally reshaping a hole over its torso to let the oversized mana bolt fly past.

Shit, it's not completely stupid.

While it staggered back from one of Minon's power strikes, I launched another oversized mana bolt, only to see it retracting its head to let it past. This confirms that yep, it had figured out our most dangerous attack and now was actively working to doubt it.

"Minon, I need you to distract it for a minute!" I cried out while running further away across the ruble.

"I'll do my best, minon!" Was her response, but I didn't turn to look.

Finding a still mostly standing building on the edge of the battlefield, I hunkered down inside, killing a few vagrant slimes that had been attracted by the fight along the way.

Propping my back to a wall near a window where I could watch how Minon's efforts went, I activated my meditation skill. While the extra points had made it much easier to manifest bolt of that size and had allowed me to make way more than I could before, it was still very tasking on my MP. I could reliably use three and continue fighting, four would leave me all but empty, and as I was already a third of the way out when I started tugging them. I had to recharge.

Thinking through my labored breath was easier while I was meditating, numbing the sounds around me, I thought back on the fight, seeing what I could improve, and how I could put more damage in.

The big problem was speed; while a typical mana bolt was fairly fast; an oversized one was much slower, the difference was like a baseball and a basketball being thrown from the same distance, one you can only fully see if you train your eyes for it. The other you could easily get out of the way if you're paying attention, and as the monster had singled me out as the biggest damage dealer, it would definitely pay attention to whatever I did.

So either I fire at point-blank, or I do something about the speed… basketball and… baseball…

…

It was… so freaking obvious.

With the boost of inspiration carrying me, I jumped out of the window and ran back to the center of the fight, ignoring the growing numbers of slimes around me.

"Oi Minon, I got-!"

"Ahn~!"

Err-what?

It seems the boss had finally managed to pin Minon down and dissolve the lower half of her bikini armor… and then I finally got to see what happened when a slime finishes melting a woman's clothes, as the battle turned into a very different kind of 'fight'.

Shaking my mind of one of the hottest hentai scenes I ever saw, I capitalized on the monster's distraction to send another oversized mana bolt at it, aiming for the top size so as not to hit poor Minon at the bottom.

The gelatinous mass instantly leaped back with unnatural movements, not even trying to form its humanoid half. Crap; it was still focused.

The impact still exploded a considerable amount of rubble on the side, though, and it had the happy coincidence of showering its rubble over the monster. It wouldn't damage it, but it would slow it down a bit.

I couldn't let this opportunity pass.

Letting my baseball bat fall out of my inventory, I stead it in a tight grip and let my mana cloak its metallic form. Next, I formed a giant mana bolt, making sure to give it a solid surface like that experiment from before I fought the monster version of Minon.

And the rest was the logical conclusion.

"HORA!"

The beach-sized ball of magical destruction flew over the broken street like a bullet, fully engulfing the debris-covered slime in its bright. I'd like to think that if the thing had eyes, they would have widened, it was a thought that would give me pleasant dreams later.

*BOOM!*

The explosion resonated across the area, the biggest one yet. Like the impact and acceleration had increased the spell's destructive power somehow.

But I didn't stop there. Not giving a chance for the thing to recover, I repeated the process two more times, leaving just enough mana for an emergency action I case I needed to back off. The following spheres, each bigger than the previous one, cut a bright trail through the smoke before they too popped in twin explosion just as volatile and destructive.

I waited until the dust settled so I could confirm it with my own eyes. The greenish liquid was painting all around the vast crater like the scene of a massacre, not a hint of consistency or mass was left; a slime only goes fully liquid if it's a part that was forcefully severed from the main body…

Or if it was dead.

I sighed, finally lowering my guard-

Oh crap!

"Minon!" I exclaimed, quickly kneeling down to the prone cowgirl. "Are you alright!?"

I wanted to slap myself for the stupid question. Of course, she wasn't! It only occurred to me now, out of the heat of the battle, that the little show from early might not have been entirely consensual. Oh god, what she must be feeling—

"GAH!" She sat up abruptly, hitting my face with her horn by consequence. "Master! I didn't lose, minon!"

"Wh-What?" I try to make my mind stop swirly, really wasn't expecting the horn-slap.

"I didn't lose! The bitch kept pounding away at my cunt and my ass, but I didn't cum even once, no matter how she worked for it!" She opened a bright smile, pumping her fist in the air and making her slime-covered breasts jiggle. "VICTORY FOR MINON!"

I opened my mouth… and then closed.

I… At least she wasn't traumatized or something, non-con experiences are only fun in hentai and fantasies.

"Now, where is the bitch at, master!? I got to finish smashing her!"

"Ah." Seeing my summon enthusiastically going on all fours for her warhammer, I got back to my feet. "I dealt with her."

She paused as she grasped the weapon, looking back from for waging tail and inviting rump. "Really? Awesome master! That bitch was really tough." Using the butt of her weapon, she prompted herself back up, immediately going. "VICTORY FOR MASTER!" When she was on her feet.

God, it's almost like the violation had lifted her mood even more for some reason.

… Least I'd know what to do when she's feeling down, hogtie her and throw her naked in a pit of slimes.

I chuckled at my own joke and the cowgirl's endless enthusiasm. Without an enemy to focus on, the tiredness of the day dawned back over my shoulders. "Come on, Minon, let's find Rin and get out of here."

"Ah master, shouldn't we smash the little ones while we're here?"

Huh? The little ones- Oh the nearby slimes that were attracted by the fight, I don't think they would be a problem; I was about to erase this barrier after all.

Then… I noticed something… important.

The slimes aren't attacking us.

No, instead, they're wandered mindlessly past us in the cheerful hops of theirs, moving directly into… into the crate.

… This does not bode well.

A greenish, gelatinous hand suddenly surged from the deeps, menacingly gripping the edge of the crate with splashy grip. The greenish hue of the hand slowly turning pink.

Oh yeah, this did not bode well at all.

What rose from the crater wasn't the boss slime we were fighting until recently, it wasn't a green mass of ooze with a half-melted humanoid form jutting out of it. What came out was a pink colored, perfect replication of Minon, down to her smallest details, from the horns, the hair, the nipples, the genitals, and even her blank expression; all could be seen from the variation in pink tone from the new monster's body.

Pupiless eyes turned to our direction, followed by a twisting a beauty into a smile that could fit most horror movies.

Slime Queen
Level: 40

Great, it fucking evolved.

"She is back!" Minon cried out the obvious. She sounded almost happy. "Ohhh, this one is really tough! Let's make sure to smash her real good this time!"

I shook my head with a sigh. Still, Minon's enthusiasm and determination are self-assuring, and she is right, in a way, this is a fight with can't really run from, so the only option is indeed 'smash her real good'. Sure her level is daunting to look at, but we managed to snatch a relatively easy victory from a level 30 version of it, so I reckon it's manageable.

With these thoughts in mind, I bent my knees and formed a banishing version of a Mana Bolt, first I would throw her away to buy some time and recharge while—

*Slin*

It was an… odd noise, a combination of a buzz and a hiss, with a strange metallic note hanging afterward.

In one moment, Minon and I were bracing to face the creepily smiling, level 40 Slime Queen. Then, there was a bright blue-white line seemly made of light stretching from between us to the horizon of the imitation city, piercing the slime queen in the middle of her large breasts… right at her core.

I smelled the briefest hint of ozone before the line blinked out of existence like it was never there in the first place. The slime queen stood still for a second before liquefying into a pink puddle.

I… trying to work slacked my jaw. Was she dead? But it was so abruptly! What the heck just happened?

My mind had just finished processing that the enemy with the highest visible level I've met was terminated like a schmuck. When a soft, feminine voice echoed from behind us.

"Waga Aruji-sama…"

Oooh I know that voice, I have precious memories if it softly moaning my name and trying not to gasp.

Uehara Rin walked up to us with delicate steps over the broken gravel; her naked form seems to gleam in the mist, a thin layer of mucus making her look oiled and ready, her lengthy hair was swept back and wholly glued to the skin of her back, and her breasts, the mammoth pair jiggled slightly with each step, erect tips confessing her arousal or coldness, everything about her seems natural, perfectly controlled, and deliciously sensual.

When she deemed close enough, she gracefully knelt down, placing an arm over her leg and bowing her head, a perfect example of a kunoichi addressing her lord.

"The target was eliminated Aruji-sama, this useless ones humbly beg for forgiveness from her momentary inaction."

…

No.

It can't be.

For the first time, I've seen both the meek Rin and the sexy Rin at once; I see her changing and…

Just… Every time she appears one way, she… when she is her meek self, she's… and when she is the badass Yamado Nadesiko she's…

A tiny patch of fabric fell from the side of her left breast, the last piece of cloth over her whole form.

"Your personality changes… according to your state of dress!?"

It wasn't really a question or even a declaration; it was incredulity in word form.

Rin's reaction manifested as a small tilt of her still bowing head, demonstrating her confusion.

"Ah… What… That was awesome!" Minon finally caught up with us. "You're awesome! That bitch was so strong before, and she seemed even stronger now, and you just… just!" The cowgirl turned her blushing, smiling face towards me. "Master, permission to fuck this woman!" She asked, pointing at the kneeling kunoichi.

"What!?" I choked, my continued incredulousness growing ever stronger. "Why are you even-No!"

"Permission to sit on her face!" She presses on after my denial.

I blinked. "No, Minon."

"… Permission to have her sit on my face?"

"…Waga Aruji-sama." I snapped my wide eyes at Rin. "This one regrets to inform you that great pain shall befall your noble shikigami if she continues this indecent line of questions."

That's it; I threw my hand in the air

"Fuck it! That's enough headaches for me today! You figure… whatever the fuck this is out among yourselves. I gonna take a breather!"

Maybe it was not as smart idea to leave the horny cow with the naked kunoichi when she's in her efficient killer form, but I didn't care—too many shenanigans for one day. I'm calling quits!

Besides, there is something else that got my attention, something other than bickering, naked women.

The innocuous bundle objects in the pink puddle left behind by the slime queen.

A pouch with a large number of notes and coins, a transparent slime core with a hole right in the center, and more important of all, a small, purple book with a weird symbol on the cover which I spare no time picking it up.

You have found a Skill Book!
Do you wish to learn a new skill?
Yes/No.

Now, this. This got potential.

Lots of it.


A/note: What's the difference between a skill book and a book? A book is a written thing that give out knowledge, a skill book is a piece of gamer bullshitery that gives out new skills. Skill books are a special type of Loot that don't drop often, only with bosses or very high level monsters.

Just wrapping up the day, I got to confess I wrote myself into a small corner when I made Minon died two chapters back, I couldn't move on without showing what happened, and it wouldn't make sense for Hiroshi to just left it like that.

Good news the day is finally over and we can move on now, so next chapter will be a few days time skip as it should be.

Seriously I'll try to speed the pace a little bit, we barely started on Ranma and I want to write more about the fun stuff it's bound to happen!

Chapter 10 Preview: Sexy leotards! Cats! L-Lewd?! Ohohohohohoh!!! OH MY!

Edit: Also, chapter 10 it will be where the Ranma 1/2's canon start taking hits, the poor thing have no chance.
Last edited: Jan 21, 2022
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, HiddenBlade94, Sidrakil and 1,231 others
Adudefromthesea
Apr 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Apr 27, 2020
Add bookmark
#4,497
HERE! Sorry for the delay.

It's tiny cuz its just me dusting my writing muse.



Chapter 10 part 01





It was still cold and dark as I made my way upstairs. Even though the shadows were dimming with the advance of the rising sunlight, 4:00 a.m still an ungodly hour for anyone to be awake.

I stifled a yawn and strode on; it's impolite to complain about the little inconveniences if the results only bring me benefits.

The low building of my apartment provided us with a nice, squared space in the form of its rooftop, with only the entrance base jutting out from the corner. Because the place was unlocked, and because the only other tenant remaining was the nice, near-deaf landlady, Rin and I claimed it as our training spot.

"G-Good morning Aruji-sama!" The kunoichi spoke, her voice cracking with a little stutter; she was kneeling in the middle of the roof, wearing a modest white blouse and a long skirt. I immediately noticed the reason for her stutter.

"Rin, the jacket," I informed her as I approached.

"Oh." She jerked a look to her shoulder, seemly surprised by the new addition. "Right, this one apologizes." She said while taking it off.

"All three of them, Rin." I insisted while I knelt before her.

"Ghk!... T-This hopeless one apologizes further."

It was surprisingly easy to keep Rin with a modicum of competence. Numerous tests showed that she functions just fine both in day to day life and in combat if she actually wore the usual amount of clothes a person was expected to wear, but the problem was that her quirk inexplicably let her find and put on clothes without her even realizing she's doing it, and it really did border on the supernatural given that she could pick up pieces of clothing in places where there shouldn't be any. In any case, we found that if there is someone watching out for her habit, she could function just fine, the problem arises if she stays alone for too long as it would undoubtedly lead to her gathering new clothes which would bring forth the adorable, but stammering and useless Rin.

There was a single exception to this, but she only wore that garb when it was absolutely necessary.

"So." She began after a calming breath, no longer carrying any stutter yet not possessing that almost unnatural grace and control she does when fully naked, a happy medium between the two. "Aruji-sama has managed to learn the basic of Kuji-in, and had memorized the neio script. Both feats that would normally require weeks of dedication."

I nodded, hearing her saying like that left me somewhat sheepish; all my progress can be attributed to the gamer system quantifying the skills and giving it to me in tangible form as level-ups. I still needed to practice, but the results of my efforts were more precise and evident than they would be for anyone else short of a once in a generation genius. As for the neio script— the weird ninja text she tasked me with memorizing— I simply absorbed the book, carving the knowledge in my mind forever.

This is to show that no matter how different it is from a 'normal' version, a gamer power is always a cheat.

"Given the speed of your progress, and your superb control over your internal energies is, this one wager we can start studying some basic jutsu."

I nodded again, feeling a bubble of anticipation flaring in my chest. Jutsu aren't the world-shaking spells that were shown in Naruto; in this reality, they are more like ninja cantrips, a combination of magic, rituals, and technique that can produce useful but minor effects on the world, effects that could be deadly if used correctly. They need much more than simply making a series of handseals and throwing energy around… Well, they did need that, but they also needed ingredients, time, conditions, and even mantras to activate. When fighting or on a mission, every jutsu in a ninja arsenal has been prepared beforehand, kinda like a wizard spell from Dnd.

Justu are the closest thing a ninja have to magic, Rin told me, and Taimanin in particular use less jutsu than a normal ninja; their primary weapon is their bloodline power, and most of their training is skewed towards strengthening it or finding better application for it. She told me that for this reason, there won't be much she could do for me after a certain point, but it didn't matter, as I am now every bit and piece of advantage would help, especially if it was something I could add to my limited arsenal.

"P-Please watch closely, Aruji-sama. This one will demonstrate the correct application of neio as a foundation for jutsu." My Taimanin leaned closer and took a familiar purple scroll from the pocket of her bulky fur jacket, spreading it over the ground while she settles an old-school brush and inkstone on the side. The Japanese part of my brain was overjoyed for the eminent calligraphy display. The more practical side wondered if an ink pen would suffice.

Still. "Jacket, Rin."

"Gah!"

Chuckling at her blushing face, I settle forwards to watch her scribble in the magical ninja language, eager to actually see it work after days of just knowing about it… wait a second.

That scroll is really familiar. I wonder where did I see it… wait I think there is something—

It was still cold and dark as I made my way upstairs. Though the shadows were dimming with the advance of the rising sunlight, 4:00 a.m still an ungodly hour for anyone to be awake.

I stifled a yawn and stead on; it's impolite to complain about the little pain that only bring me benefits.

The low building of my apartment provided us with a nice, squared space in the form of its rooftop, usually, with only the entrance base jutting out from the course. As it was unlocked and the only other tenant of this place remaining being the nice, deaf landlady, Rin and I claimed it as our training ground.

"G-Good morning Aruji-sama!" The kunoichi spoke, her voice crackly with a little stutter; she was kneeling in the middle of the roof, wearing a yellow shirt and jeans. I immediately noticed the reason for her stutter.

"Rin, the jacket," I informed her as I approached.

"Oh." She jerked a look downwards, seemly surprised by the new addiction. "Right, this one apologizes." She said while taking it off.

"All three of them, Rin." I insisted while I knelt before her.

"Ah! T-This hopeless one apologizes further."

It was surprisingly easy to keep Rin with a modicum of competence, numerous testing showed that she function just fine both in day to day life and in combat if she actually wore the average amount of clothes a person was expected to wear…Wait, why did I say jacket? Rin was wearing several rows of additional scarfs rather than jackets. Had I become so used to this particular pair that I… No wait there is something—

It was still cold and dark as I made my way upstairs. Though the shadows were dimming with the advance of the rising sunlight, 4:00 a.m still an ungodly hour for anyone to be awake.

I stifled a yawn and strode on, and then I stopped in the middle of the stairs.

Panic made me choke on a breath that had risen over my throat, but I gulp it down, steeling myself, focusing on my determination instead—

"G-Good morning Aruji-sama!" The kunoichi spoke, her voice crackly with a little stutter; she was kneeling in the middle of the roof, wearing a modest white blouse and a long skirt. I immediately noticed the reason for her stutter.

"Rin, the skirts," I informed her as I approached. Popping my lips together.

Right, I have to concentrate.

With a deep breath, I brought my hands forwards—

"So." She began after a calming breath, no longer carrying any stutter yet not possessing that almost unnatural grace and control, a happy medium between the two. "Aruji-sama has managed to learn the basic of Kuji-in, and had memorized the neio script. Both feats that would normally require weeks of dedication."

Yes, Kuji-in, the art of handseals, they are nothing like what is shown in Naruto… ok, they are somewhat like what it was shown in Naruto, but only in the matter of energy manipulation. A proper Handseal is actually a type of advance meditation that borders on self impose hypnosis, when you master it you can condition your internal energies to flow in certain patterns by just by twitching your fingers a certain way, without needing to reach down and consciously manipulate it yourself, more advance techniques even allow a person to momentarily shatters their body's usual limits and allow for devastating blows.

But why was I thinking about it again?

Oh yeah—

"G-Good morning Aruji-sama!" The kunoichi spoke, her voice crackly with a little stutter; she was kneeling in the middle of the roof, wearing a modest blue sundress. "Hum? Ano, what's wrong?" She asked, seeing me raising a one-handed dragon seal.

"Jōka," I said loudly—

It was 4 am in the stairway leading up to the rooftop, but the world was shimmering now, undulating like the air in a heated desert.

I still hold the dragon handseal meant to sharpen the connection between the outer and inner self, this reality I'm being shown no longer has any hold on me.

I go back eventually, maybe in the next second, or the next minute, but why wait?

I raised my hand in the ram seal.

"Kai."

-0-0-0-​

I snapped my eyes open with a gasp, pulling an uneven breath while my mind began to process reality around me.

I was sitting in the center of my building's rooftop. The sun gliding over my back. A chilly wind hushing past informed me that my clothes were wet with sweat, the overwhelming scent of incense told me that there was quite a lot of it lit around somewhere, or at least that there were many close to me given the intensity of the smell even in an open space, that might also explain the swirls of the air that I would've certainly given more focus to if my vision wasn't overtaken by blue notices.

Internal Mana Control leveled up!

Ninjutsu mastery leveled up!

Kuji-in mastery leveled up!

New Skill Created: Illusion Resistance.
Increases your natural resistance against Illusions and Illusionary phenomenon, takes less damage from Illusionary attacks.

Illusion Resistance leveled up!

Illusion Resistance leveled up!

Illusion Resistance leveled up!

Letting out another breath, I lean back and try to move away the stiffness of my muscles, my left leg bumped-Yep, there are incenses all right, a whole bunch of them scattered around me, along with several open strolls with neio scripts written in them.

"Impressive," Rin said from somewhere behind me. "This one didn't think you'd be able to get out on your own. Once again, Aruji-sama exceeds my expectations."

I placed an arm over my eyes, leaning back more while popping the bones along my spine. Fucking hell, I didn't even realize… no, wait, my recent memories are coming back; they're all mushy and hazy, but I can remember the lesson now.

"What was that?" I asked it came out partly in the form of a complaint even though I was the one who asked for a demonstration. Being locked in a groundhog day loop of your own mind's creation is not a very fun experience, plus, it was terrifying.

"Genjustu, an illusion. The smoke stimulates the brain, opening it up to suggestions while slowing its neural connection, the text directs the ambient magic to the target, where it gets inhaled along with the smoke, the handseals and the effort of the cast would already shape the energy in its initial activation, so the rest was a matter of setting up more incenses after Aruji-sama fell for it to strengthen the effect." I heard her walking past me. She's wearing high heels. She wasn't when we started this morning. "The illusion is one of the target's own making."

"Evidently." I gasped, massaging my temples. "But when the hell did you manage to trap me!? I didn't see you make any handseal or do any preparations."

"It would go against the heart of the matter if Aruji-sama had noticed." Was her simple reply.

…True, this jutsu lesson, from learning how complex they are, how diligent one has to be on their preparation, then finishing by showing that even then they don't have to be obvious because ninjas are fucking sneak bastards. Truly a wonderful lesson.

Finally, I open my eyes to stare at the Taimanin who went back to kneeling in front of me-Ah.

"Aruji-sama is the first person I know off that broke the illusion on their own, as expected of Aruji-sama." She nods to herself, a tiny movement that fits the oddly serene air that hung around her, the sunlight glistering on her skin along with the songs of the morning birds making her appear almost transcendent.

She was wearing her Taimanin uniform; the strappy, leopard-like outfit that clung tightly to her impressive curves and somehow looked more erotic fully repaired than it did when it was damaged, it was the only outfit she could maintain without unconsciously searching for more clothes, ironically as it left her practically naked.

But more importantly, she wouldn't wear her uniform for no reason.

"You have a new mission."

She didn't answer, just calmly stare into my eyes; her silence was enough.

This was not unexpected; even though she swore herself to me didn't mean her responsibilities with the Taimanin corp has ended. Rin was still part of the active taimanin roster, so receiving more missions was just a matter of time.

But now… things are different, and Rin isn't just a random taimanin anymore, she certainly isn't a character behind a screen.

I know very well what happens to a taimanin if she fails her mission.

"… I don't want you to go." I admitted.

"If that is Aruji-sama's wish, then I won't." She replied immediately.

I let out a breath. "Just like that?"

"Just like that." She closes her eyes. It's hard to read her when she is like this, she moves like a geisha experience enough to make it look natural, and those women are masters in controlling body language. "Aruji-sama words are absolute… However, there is something Aruji-sama must know."

I shifted forwards, setter my legs under me again. Even I could sense the gravity of her words.

"What?" I asked.

"A taimanin is loyal to her master and the corp, but for her to have a master, she must have the corp's approval. Aruji-sama has not been approved by the corp." She explains. "This one has yet to break any rules, thus have not gathered attention to herself. Meaning that Aruji-sama's existence is yet to be discovered." Her eyes open again; they were gleaming with serene determination. "If this one refuses a mission, she would be investigated, which could put Aruji-sama in danger."

I was wondering how this whole pledge thing worked. It made me frown.

"So what? You plan to continue on as always, but this time as an excuse to protect me? If it's like that, what was the point of the pledge then?"

Rin shook her head curtly, her shoulder stiffening a little bit. "Aruji-sama is my Aruji-sama, this one will follow your decision in the end, and will give her life to protect you if it comes to it, this one is merely informing Aruji-sama about the situation."

…

…Goddamn it.

Rin is right to tell me this. She wanted to make clear that if I keep her from going, we would be pissing off the taimanin corp. Can't I afford that?... No, between Rin and myself, we are not strong enough to take on an entire ninja organization, especially if there are more taimanin with the level similar to Rin running around. Even if we add Ranma to the mix, I don't think we have a chance.

I tapped my fingers on my knee.

"What is the nature of this mission?" I asked.

"Escort, with secondary objective of target elimination." She answered immediately.

I blinked at the speed and ease of her reply. She just gonna give me the presumably classified information if I ask, isn't she? My mind immediately when on a possible spying tangent before focusing back.

"Give me details."

"This Taimanin must escort and protect the politician Toranosuke Yoshida during a Cabinet party that is scheduled to happen four days from now. While there this Taimanin must eliminate the cabinet members Tengan Noriyori, Takagaki Senichi, Yokoi Kosami, and Ebisawa Kosho and make it so their murder wouldn't be discovered until the 7th of July. This Taimanin will be accompanied by a veteran taimanin and a new recruit. Together they will prepare the stage beforehand and plan the finer details of the operation accordingly. The probability of demon involvement is zero or close to, and the reason for the high number of operatives dedicated to this mission is for the importance of the client, and the amount paid," She definitely added the last part for my benefit.

This isn't like the missions I saw Taimanin get captured, she won't be fighting any demons, and she won't be alone. 'Course there is always the possibility that everything blows up on her face and there are demons galore there. But at this point, I'm just searching for a reason.

There are not really a lot of options there, plus there isn't any 'bad end' quest popping up at the prospect, so… I decided to trust her.

"Very well. You may go." I conceded.

Rin's shoulder relaxed a little bit, then she leans her upper body forward, brushing the tip of her finger on the ground while giving me an elegant bow and a show of cleavage.

"Thank you very much. Waga Aruji-sama—"

Uehara Rin while in this state is a very charming creature. Not only her mannerisms and the way she carries herself because almost ethereal, but the display of elegance is usually accompanied by arousing show of nudity or near-nudity. I can see many people being thrown off by that, many being paralyzed by the sight.

So she's not used to people being able to move freely while she's like this. That's why when I silently approached her and interrupted her bow with a brush on her cheek she let out a quiet hiccup of surprise.

I didn't even need to force it; she dutifully followed as I moved my hand up, pulling her back to a straight position where she regarded me calmly.

Then I kissed her.

The small squeak made me smile against her lips just before I deepened the contact. Pushing my body closer while I hungrily breathe her scent and taste her lips, my arms reach out possessively around her waist.

Rin moaned, her body relaxing against mine while her hands unconsciously gripped the fabric of my shirt, she opened her mouth to dutifully receive my tongue, and greet it with her own.

For a while, we just… make out, right then and there, I sat back at some point, but I brought her with me, making the beautiful latex-covered ninja sprawl her body over mine.

To tell the truth, I don't really know what that makes us. I call her my ninja because she calls me her master, I touch her, kiss her and, grope her because I want to, sometimes because my teenage hormones overwhelm my senses, and she is so damn receptive that we never really stop to talk about the precise nuances of our relationship, we just kinda get it.

A went trail clung between us as we separated, Rin looked at me with eyes swirling in passion, hair slightly disheveled, lips partly open letting out little huffs that turned to mist in the cold morning air. Just enchanting.

"You come back to me," I commanded.

"Hai, Aruji-sama." She whispers in response.

And just like that, she was gone, slipping out of my arms in a disappearing blur that I could barely make out while it speeds through the rooftops.

I was alone on the roof again, looking at the place she had gone. At some point, I realize how late it was.

"I'm going to be late for school," I stated to nobody in particular.

Of course, I didn't care about that. I had more important things to worry about.

That's why when I stepped out to the streets with a new layer of gel in my hair and the immaculate Furinkan uniform over my refreshed body, I turn to the opposite direction of my usual route.

As it became clear today, the Taimanin Corp still hangs over Rin's head; even if she doesn't want to, she has to follow their command otherwise she risks them discovering her illegal and still very vulnerable master. I can understand that logic, but the problem is, I don't want my taimanin anywhere close to rape demons if I can help it, at least without me there by her side making sure silly hentai tropes don't fuck her over.

But as I'm now, I don't have options. I'm just one man. I can't go against an entire ninja organization by myself. Sure, with the gamer, I will eventually be able to, but this won't happen for at least a few many months.

So I don't have any options… but maybe Ōe Hiroshi has… at least enough for me to make a gamble.

A gamble I was willing to make, for Rin.

I stop by a public payphone and slide a 500-yen coin in, quickly pushing the numbers I had memorized on the very first day of my new life.

The call was taken on the second ring, but no one spoke a word.

I could feel the temperature dropping a little bit, producing a chill that ran deeply across my spine, I have no idea if that actually happened, or if it was just a psychological response.

Ōe Hiroshi knew the man on the other line his entire life. And he always creeps him the fuck up.

But I'm not that whiny boy he used to be.

"It's me, Hayate," I said.

"… Young master?" I could practically hear the sharp, light-blue colored eyebrow raising; this must be the first time he heard my voice without me stuttering like a schoolgirl in a horror flick. "My my, what a wonderful surprise. We were expecting your call days ago."

"I didn't call to complain." I had to take a calming breath. Fuck! The voice of the Ōe family's head butler, leader of the financial team, leader of the legal team, commander of private army, and thousands other scary titles this hyper-competent fuck has under his name was creepier than what I remember. "I'm going straight to the point; do you know about the Taimanin?"

"Oh dear! It appears young master finally started living in interesting times, as expected of one from the Ōe bloodline, ku ku ku ku."

He didn't need to chuckle. The chuckle made it all worst. And what was that suffering whine in the background? It sounds like someone dying—and now it abruptly ended.

Was…Was this a good idea?
Last edited: Aug 26, 2020
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, HiddenBlade94, Vulpix and 1,284 others
Adudefromthesea
Apr 27, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Aug 3, 2020
Add bookmark
#4,856
Sorry for the delay guys, here's your hit.



Chapter 10 part 2







"Good morning, Ōe-san!" A trio of girls greeted me as we cross paths. They giggled at my confused reply as they left.

Oi…

"Ossu!" Some guy saluted me from his place leaning over one of the corridor's windows. Another random dude gave me a silent nod minutes later.

Wait a minute…

"Hey! Hey man, here's your notes back, really saved my ass." Another guy from my class handed me the notebook that I vaguely remember lending to him early this morning.

Something's wrong here…

"Not with Saotome today, Ōe-san?" A guy laughed.

Isn't everybody being a little too friendly!?

The first thought the crossed my mind was mind-controlling drugs, then I considered some kind of mass hypnotic event, then some manner of parallel world shenanigans; all valid possibilities when dealing with the craziness that was Ranma ½. Luckily, my common sense pointed out that this was not a singular event; throughout the week, the Furinkan's student body has been slowly warming up to me for some weird reason.

I've been too focused on secretly protecting the girls of the Rhythmic Gymnastics club to notice— Secretly, because of an incident on the first day involving the girls' locker room, a bored cowgirl monster, a plate of chocolate pancakes, and an angry Tendo Akane that almost got us killed by a crowd of half-naked girls with plot-armor— but today my focus was divided between the girls and the butler-shaped doom I may have unleashed upon Nerima, so in my confusion, I managed to see it; for some reason, I wasn't the scary, unapproachable delinquent anymore.

Honestly, I can't tell what changed.

"My, my, thank you, young man. My back isn't what it used to be." Said the old-ass janitor as I handed the mop back to him and collected the Exp of this little side-quest. This guy really needs to retire if he's gonna keep getting cramps this bad.

A few steps later, I stumbled into another side-quest in the form of the class prez struggling to carry a pile of documents. Having a bit of time, and not caring about making who I agreed to meet wait; I moved to help her out.

This was an awful time to make that phone call. I'm already on edge because of Rin's mission and the fact that the Rhythmic Gymnastics club will be without ninja protection for a while, so adding a bunch of childhood traumas to the mix was making me positively jittering.

Ranma's right, I am obsessing over this a little too much.

I let out the excess tension through puff of air and tried to concentrate on other things— like everybody's sudden friendless.

"Thank you very much, Ōe-san." Class prez said formally but with a smile on her face, an actual freaking smile. Shit, a few days ago this girl was whispering around her group of friends while casting worried glances in my direction.

Weird.

After that, I stumbled my way from brief side quest to brief side quest until I was out of the building and the First Years' dominated areas. With fewer people recognizing me, I managed to make my way to the sport field in the back of the school, right in the middle of an intense soccer game.

A few students watched from the grassy slope around the fields, including the one I was to meet.

"You're late." Complained the pretty girl with chocolate brown hair as I approached. Though the sarcastic look told me she was expecting it. "I almost left, you know."

"You're the one who called me here. It'd be your loss." I countered.

Now, I know that the reality I'm living in is different from the Ranma ½ anime; there are too many inconsistences, tiny differences, and small nuances to be the same. So while everyone I've met does act remarkably like their anime counterparts, they are not exactly the same. Because of that, I decided not to judge people too heavily by my metaknowledge, and instead form my opinion as I get to know them better.

Tendo Nabiki, however, is a special case. I vaguely remember an interview where the authoress straight off said that Nabiki is the one Ranma1/2 character she considers truly evil, and years and years of fanfics portraying her as literally the devil had me a bit apprehensive when it came to dealing with the girl.

As things stand… I've not interacted with her enough to form a concrete image. Going by first impressions alone, I'd say she's a laid back girl who's very aware of her way-above-average looks and is not afraid to use it. She has yet to show any of her worst qualities. I mean, she did come off as a little greedy in our first meeting, but considering the subject discussed it was only natural.

This is our third meeting, the first one she called me for. I admit I couldn't keep the thoughts of debts and blackmail from popping up in my head even though she held literally zero sway over me.

"Come on don't be like that, Ōe-kun." Nabiki smiled, climbing to her feet and patting the back of her skirt. "Ah, you're not with Ranma today."

"I'm not his babysitter; the guy can function without me."

She giggled, "You wouldn't think that, the way he talks about you."

Yeaaah, I'mma call bullshit on that. Despite seeing like the boisterous, open type, at Ranma is actually a pretty private guy. There is a possibility that he talked about me, but I doubt it is how Nabiki implied.

Fishing for information, hum? That… surprisingly made me relax a bit. Tendo Nabiki is acting like Tendo Nabiki would; I guess the expectation was freaking me out more than reality.

"You want to talk to me, Tendou-senpai?"

She cocked her head to the side in a cute display. Her casual smile started to turn into a smirk.

"Senpai?" She chuckled, "You're a lot more formal than you appear, Ōe-kun."

Japanese formality can be used as a distraction and a weapon, especially if you don't particularly care about it. It's an excellent way to surprise and control a conversation. I was about to comment on this when I decided on a "Does that have anything to do to what you wanted to talk to me about, senpai?" Instead.

Got to work a hell of a lot more if you want to get me talking, sweetie.

"You're no fun." She said, almost pouting. I think she'd realized I could just leave if she presses too much.

And just like that, she straightened her back and dropped her smile, her expression still casual and in control, but the air she gave was a lot more professional.

"Remember our deal? I have some new information that might interest you." She said.

"Let me guess, Kuno Kodachi's gonna hunt down and attack the gym girls tonight, isn't she," I commented with a shrug. "Feels like something she would do."

My plan to protect the Rhythmic Gymnastics club was simple; get Nabiki to tell me all she knew about Kodachi, her methods, and the teams she'd previously attacked, then give this information to Rin and have her protect them. Ranma and I would be patrolling the sidelines in case something else happened. It turned out like this after the first day when I realized doing everything on my own and almost getting killed and branded a pervert for it wasn't going to cut it. It worked, and Rin spent the time she wasn't with me disarming various traps and making sure the girls got home safely.

I can't imagine all these failed attempts were good to Kodachi's inflated ego, so taking matters into her own hands was only a matter of time.

Nabiki grinned, "Oh yeah, this is certainly something she would have done..." She spoke slowly, not even being subtle.

I considered the girl for a long moment before clicking my tongue.

"Alright, what is it?"

"Ah, ah, ah." She intoned, deliberately showing her open hand.

Of course.

At this point it's impossible to stay under Nabiki's radar. I sincerely doubt she won't look up who I am, if she wasn't already, and knowing what she's like, she wouldn't simply let me be after figuring out my family was the very definition of filthy rich. So I pulled up one of my spare wallets and made no attempt to hide the multiple notes of 10k yen as I pulled one of them.

Oh yeah, that's what I call a hungry look.

"Thank you~." She sing-songed, picking the 10k between her fingers, her current grin realer than any of the smiles she showed to me before.

In a second, she was on my side, leaning close as if to tell me a particularly juicy gossip, she even did the whole hand-to-mouth thingy.

I didn't miss the way her soft curves brushed against me, and I doubt she did either.

"Ne, ne Ōe-kun. You know about Kodachi's teammates of the St. Hebereke's School's Rhythmic Gymnastics club, right? Aonuma Katsu, Naegi Mayumi, Nishioka Azusa, and Ose Sachi." She paused a second for dramatic flare. "All of them have been admitted to the hospital over these last couple of days."

Hold on.

What?

"What?" I put my surprise into words.

"That's what I heard. Naegi Mayumi, Kodachi's second, was admitted just yesterday. All of them showed sights of extreme exhaustion, but there weren't any injuries or even signs of overexertion." I was only half hearing Nabiki's report at this point.

There is something wrong here: Furinkan's team should have been the one hospitalized; that was the whole point of me protecting them. They would've been incapacitated, and then called Akane for help, kicking off the entire arc, I didn't even consider Kodachi's team…

Has this happened in canon? Akane and Kodachi's fight was a 1-v-1 after all, maybe— wait no, Kodachi's team was there, right beneath the ring, if I remember correctly, helping her cheat. But how can that be when they are…

This goes against canon.

"What about Kodachi? Is she in the hospital too? Is she going to participate?"

Nabiki had a smile like a cat that cornered a particularly large canary.

"Hmm, I wonder…" She said, wiggling her now empty fingers.

Of fucking course.

I frowned, but before I could reply, the city of Nerima decided this was a jolly good time to pull a fast one on me.

"RANMA!!!"

And sent me an eternally lost annoyance dramatically shouting to the skies in the middle of the soccer field.

"Ah, it's that guy!" Nabiki blinked.

And that was just the time a soccer ball cut Ryoga's lamentation short. I sighed as I watched him going down.

"He's earlier than I was expecting," I mumbled under my breath before turning to Nabiki. "You should probably get Ranma. He is here for him, after all."

She raises an eyebrow. "And how do you know that?"

"Girl, didn't you hear him screaming. Anyway, I'mma make sure he doesn't hurt anyone." I said and began making my way towards the fallen boy.

I was pleased to see that the soccer team had more foresight than the crowd of students from when Ryoga first showed up; they were already evacuating the premises. Perhaps they heard a rumor or something, Ryoga's first appearance caused quite the stir.

"Hey, Hibiki Ryoga, right? You still alive down there?"

The martial artist stirred with the sound of my voice. He did look quite ragged now that I'm seeing him up close, maybe it was an –heh!— long trip.

His eyes blazed when he noticed me.

"You!"

Wait what?

New quest: Dealing with the lost boi.
Hibiki Ryoga has a bone to pick with you and will literally never stop until he does so. Deal with him now and spare yourself the stress!
Rewards:
1.000 exp.
Decrease closeness with Hibiki Ryoga.
Failure:
Injury or Critical Injury.
Decrease closeness with Hibiki Ryoga.
Accept/Refuse.

Wait What!?

This was definitely not the time to have a gamer screen blocking my vision, as a rampaging Ryoga came barging through the screen in a full-body tackle that had all his weight and power behind it.

A little more than a week ago, about the time Ryoga first showed up, that would have fucked me up, I would've suffered the full brunt force of Hibiki Ryoga directly on my torso, and if that didn't outright kill me, it would definitely have put me out of commission.

But now it was a week later, a week of grinding, of no stop questing, of tireless martial art training and, more importantly, a week of level-ups.

You do not face The Gamer and expect him to be the same as a week ago.

My hands snapped forwards, and I gripped the lost boy's wrists in a vice grip, the only move I could make at such short distance. Sure, the guy's monstrous strength still meant I was pushed backward in a terrifyingly fast speed, but a little trick I got from pushing my Endurance above 50 ensured I kept my balance rather than being flattened by the guy.

Perk: Stable posturing.
+ 15% resistance against staggering.

Simple, wonderful, disgustingly effective.

Before Ryoga could change tactics, I took advantage of another wonderful little perk I've gotten from pushing past 50 Agility, and used my position and solid stance to smash my forehead directly against his, only to feint at the last second. Now, Ryoga was skilled enough to notice the trick, but he definitely didn't expect the honest-to-god after-image to continue forwards.

Perk: Fake velocity.
+ 10% chance of producing after-images.

Ryoga, like Ranma, wasn't used to dealing with after images that were created not by speed but by sheer gamer bullshitery, so he flinched. Exactly like Ranma had the first few times I used this tactic against him (Before he got used to it, the damn genius.)

I used that stumble to push into his guard, shifting my hold to one of his arms, and flipping him over my shoulder in a textbook perfect Judo-throw. The insane momentum that carried over only made the move more effective.

Ryoga hit the ground, hard, like, cracking concrete and blowing up dust hard. Of course, I immediately felt him moving, so I let go of my hold to prompt his body to back away rather than push for a grabbling match that I had no illusion of winning.

He just started clambering to his feet, when I rocketed forwards again, capitalizing on his confusion to demonstrate my last, and by far, the most straightforward perk gained from passing 50 of Strength.

Perk: Athlete Body.
+ 5 Str, +1 Cha

My fist cracked against Ryoga's jaw and made his whole head snap to the side with a meaty sound. After allowing myself a moment to revel in the fact I managed to punch Hibiki Ryoga in the face, I immediately leap back, flipping my body in the precise, fast circles the Saotome's style uses to gain distance. There is no way he's going down with a single punch.

And sure enough, while he did stumble backward in two uneven steps and, to my immense satisfaction, his eyes went numb for a second as his brain rattled inside his skull, he soon regains his composure. He was now standing more alarm and more dangerous than ever.

I could see his anger building up again, and this time it wasn't the kind of anger that would make him blindly leap on an attack, but it was just as intense.

Yeah, nope.

"STOP!!!" I shouted at the top of my lungs. Trying to make him double take with my sudden outburst. Thankfully, that was precisely what happened. "Alright then, would you please be so kind as to tell me why in the motherfuckering fuck are you attacking me!?"

My tangle of Japanese sentences and English cursing gave him pause, but he soon set back into his furious glare.

"Silence, thief! I've got nothing to say to you!" He growled.

"Thief!? I stole nothing from you, cunt!"

"As if!" He snarled, throwing his arms from his stance in anger, before pointing an accusatory finger at me. "You stole my umbrella!"

… Realization clicked in my mind so hard it nearly made me stumble.

But it didn't make me any less angry.

Summoning my inventory screen, I flicked my wrist in a now familiar sleight of hand to make it seem like Ryoga's umbrella simply slid from my sleeves, hoping that the cheap trick would hold back his attack a few more seconds. With quick movements, I rolled Ryoga's ultra-heavy umbrella over my arms and torso in a display of skill, maneuvering it with a single hand most of the time.

I won't say I took advantage of every ounce of training I could from my time with the umbrella, but the results of what I did manage to train spoke for themselves. I certainly wasn't at the point where the thing felt like a feather to me, but I could bear its full weight in a single arm and not only move around but also battle with it. Frankly, this fact still scares me sometimes, as back in my old world, this kind of weight was literally impossible for a normal human to bear.

The umbrella flipped on my side, opening with a low boom that shook some dust away, then, with a war cry, I launched the thing spinning towards Ryoga, just like he did when he first appeared.

Unlike then, it had none of its deadly precision, anyone could see that it would veer up midway, and pass harmlessly above the target before flipping to a stop, but precision was not the point. Ryoga caught the umbrella in a movement that mirrored my own when he put me in the exact circumstance.

"My move!" He barked. "You tried to copy my—"

"It was a killing move!" I snapped, the strength of my tone shutting the boy up. "Do you remember where you were when you used it, Hibiki Ryoga!? Let remind you: A school courtyard." My teeth grind together. "Ranma would've been fine, me, I could've managed it, but the people behind us, how the fuck do you think they would've fared!?"

Ryoga paused as enough common sense finally pushed past his anger to have him consider my word. Then, to his immense credit, a flicker of honest shame flashed in his eyes.

I swear to god if it had been apathy, I would have attacked him and damn the consequences.

"I did not steal from you," I said, finally lowering my volume but keeping my tone firm. "After I stopped your attack, the umbrella simply stayed in my hand while you fought Ranma, got too much into it, and disappeared. I did not steal the umbrella, Hibiki. You left it behind with me." I took a deep breath, trying to calm my nerves, and then gestured towards his hand. "And now, I'm giving it back to you, so you're welcome."

A silent stretched between us as Ryoga processed what I said. I could see he was still angry… but I couldn't feel any aggression towards me anymore.

"So what you're saying is…" He chewed his words, working his ideas. "It was because of Ranma that I lost my umbrella!"

…What.

"What the- No, no, it wasn't Ranma's fault. You left it behind if anything that's your—."

"Damn you, Ranma! Do you have any idea how much harder my journey was without my umbrella?!" The lost boy growled apparently to himself. A trembling fist raised close to his face as his emotions started to flare again. "It was hell, I said, absolute hell!"

"Oi, are you listening!? I'm trying to tell you this time it wasn't Ranma's fau—

"I'm gonna make you pay!" Ryoga angrily snapped his arms upward, screaming dramatically to the sky. "YOU HEAR ME SAOTOME RANMA, I, HIBIKI RYOGA, WILL MAKE YOU PAY!!!!"

"I hear' ya."

It seems that during my brief altercation with Ryoga, most of Furinkan High's student population had decided to gather on the grassy slopes around the field and were watching the confrontation with avid interest. And of course, perching over the tall fence that separated the audience was none other than Saotome Ranma, fully armed with his Chinese shirt and cocky grin.

"Saotome Ranma!" Ryoga growled in a seething tone. And right then and there, I gave up trying to make him see reason.

"Yo, Ryoga. You're late." Ranma commented.

"Come here and fight! You coward!"

The taunt and the use of the C-word closed Ranma's expression right away. But he relaxed when he caught my aggressive eye-roll. Seriously, Ryoga is so one-note that it reaches the point of parody.

Ranma leaped forward, gliding through the air like gravity was his submissive little bitch. He landed close to me and approached, his eyes trailing on Ryoga.

"Normally, I'd say you got this Hiro, but he did kinda, send me a challenge letter, so I gotta respect that… Even if he's late by a week." He muttered the last part, raising his hand in my direction. "Switch?"

"Yeah, fuck it. He's all yours if you wanna." I conceded with a sigh, leaving Ranma was a high-five before making my way to the audience. Frankly, fighting Ryoga is a tiring endeavor in more ways than one.

Quest completed!

Oh yeah, there was this thing.
1.000 exp.
Your closeness with Hibiki Ryoga has decreased.
Bonus objective fulfilled: You used logic and reason! It was super effective! Ryoga is confused!
500 exp.
Your closeness with Hibiki Ryoga has increased.
Your closeness with Saotome Ranma has increased.
Oh well, I suppose what I did could be considered a way to 'deal' with him. At least I got the sense I got rid of the grudge he had against me before it could properly settle.

Or used it to add fuel the massive one he has against Ranma. That guy's complicated.

-0-0-0-​

The amount of cheers I received when I got to the audience weirded me out a little bit. I wasn't swarmed by squealing fangirls or anything like that, but a considerable number of First Years congratulated me, and/or patted me on the back, while people from other grades just looked impressed. To my amazement, I found myself recognizing most who come to talk, and I had a sudden realization of the number of acquaintances I ended up making over these last couple of days.

I mean, I was a lot more sociable now in my second life, but damn, where did all these people come from?

After snarking a bit with a much colder Nabiki— Apparently, I ruined her betting pool with an inconclusive result— I made my way to the top of the slope and the very back of the growing audience. Not the best place to see any details of the duel, but I didn't need to, I already knew who's gonna win.

And this wasn't even because of canon certainty, just looking at the two I could tell; Ranma had recently broken past level 30, but Ryoga still on level 24, the same level he was when he first showed up. Now, I am the last person who's going to preach about level gaps, but the implication was clear: only one of these warriors improved since the last time they've met.

So I just hang back, slid my hands inside my pocket, and turn to face my stalker, who has decided to approach me today for some reason.

Himiko Kenji
Vegan Werewolf
Level: 11

"Hello there, Kenji-san, nice day we're having!" I greeted him with a smile. "It's great to see you decided to actually talk to me today!"

He gave me a weird look, and I could see an elongated canine poking out from his lips. A grunt was apparently enough of a response for my greeting.

Well, he's less hostile than before, that's something at least. "So, what can I do for you today."

His expression furrowed, but it was less out of irritation and more out of effort, like he was working to form the right words… Or any words at all, really.

Isn't he a bit taller? More muscular? His hair definitively looks wilder than before, and this says a lot. Maybe its something to do about his condition… no, I bet it's something to do about his condition.

Finally, he opened his mouth.

"There are… bombs in the school."

"What?"

-0-0-0-​

Well, this afternoon certainly took a wide ride straight to a left turn, wasn't it?

I was standing in the school's infirmary, feeling the orange light of the setting sun warming my face as I smiled at the giant-ass hole where a wall was supposed to be.

Man… someone will have to pay for this…

"In summary!" Declared class prez, no, Isayama Suzue— It feels like a disservice not using her name after I dragged her in my little afternoon adventure. "You and the rest of the members of the chemistry club have purloined from the budget of the oncoming Cultural Festival to purchase materials and parts that aren't allowed by the school and used them to build these explosive devices!" She triumphantly held up one of the, now deactivated, homemade mines we'd found. "All so you could eliminate one Saotome Ranma and free the way to Tendo Akane heart!"

"Scandalous!" Exclaimed Fujimori Yuka with a delicate hand over her mouth, she's the other girl that ended up being dragged into this silliness. Fujimori-san was the only girl in my class that matched Akane in term of looks— And actually surpasses her in terms of bust, being close to the size of Ranma's girl form— the only reason she wasn't pursued just as much as the Tendo girl is because her admirers tend to mysteriously disappear rather than stick around to bother her. I think her title of 'Yakuza Princess' has something to do with this.

"Frankly, I'm just glad this is all over." Kuroba Daisuke commented from the corner where he had dropped on his ass. Kuroba-san wasn't exactly dragged along into this, as he was already involved, being the only student who discovered the chemistry club's plan and tried to stop it. I found him tied up in a chair in an empty classroom, and was surprised that he's still wanted to keep going. I guess his title of 'Aspiring Superhero' wasn't just for show. "But I'm glad I was able to help." He finished with a broad smile.

Honestly, I think they are enjoying this a bit too much.

'This' being rubbing the failure of his plans in the face of one Koba Satoru, the chemistry club's president who now lies on the infirmary bed recuperating from his baseball bat beat down of justice.

His purple, swollen face twisted into a snarl. "And I would have succeeded too if it wasn't for your meddling punks!"

The rest of the chemistry club groaned apologetically from their own infirmary beds. Most looked genuinely remorseful after I painstakingly put their little plan into perspective, and laid out all the things that could have happened and the real consequences they would be facing if they did, all excerpt a ratty guy named Sato Igoru, which had the title of 'High Minion' and seems to look up to Koba Satoru for guidance for every little thing.

Isayama-taichou flicked her glasses; it flashed with a bright light of pure malice. "So, you plead guilty, kukukuku."

"Yeah, I'm just gonna go now." On the corner of my eyes, I saw that Kenji had the same idea but didn't bother voicing it. The werewolf was already at the door.

"Indeed. Ōe-san, your services were invaluable today, but they aren't necessary anymore. I'll take it from here." Isayama-taichou nodded at me and immediately went back to threatening the wounded nerds with her flashing glasses of menace.

With some last goodbyes from the rest of the improvised party, I made my way into the corridors, walking fast to catch up with the retreating werewolf.

Turn out he was faster than I'd imagined, it wasn't even a few steps before I saw his form through the window, exiting the building.

No biggy, it's only two floors down.

"Hello, Kenji-san," I said as I landed into a crouch beside him. My sudden appearance made him tense, and for a moment, my instincts screamed for me not to approach. "A moment of your time, please." I continued, ignoring the spike of aggression.

"Do not do that!" He growled, taking a few breaths to regain his composure. "I got nothing to say to you."

An underline growl made him stumble in his delivery, but it was still mostly understandable.

"Why did you call me for this? I glad that you did, don't get me wrong, but I know you could have dealt with this on your own."

His teeth clicked together. They were definitely more pointy and elongated than they were when we first met. He shifted his weight from side to side as he once again worked on his sentences.

"I couldn't… If it was just me… I'd have killed them." He rasped out.

"The chemistry club?"

He grunted another response and started walking out. I followed.

"You don't have to keep watching me from the corners, you know, that's kinda creepy. If you just walk up to me and Ranma we'll let you hang."

He gave me another one of his grunts; this one sounded more like a groan and a growl mixed together in a bowl of irritation.

"Why the hell are you so insistent in following me anyway?"

"Grrn… Aneue told me… to keep an eye on you." He made a grunting confession.

Aneue? Another piece of information related to the stalker werewolf. That and the fact I've gathered the interest of another possible werewolf, one of higher ranking given how Kenji refers to her.

"Really now. You know, I wouldn't mind meeting this—"

"Too many… words." This last growl scraped the limit of what is possible for a human throat. He craned his neck to the east, seemly snarling at a particular part of the orange sky. "Shut up. Stop following me."

I took a moment to decide and stopped in my tracks, watching him disappear inside the growing shadows between the trees of the patch of vegetation behind the school. It wasn't a forest proper, so I have no doubt he will jump over the wall on the other side and get lost in the spiderweb of low alleyway formed by Nerima's buildings.

Himiko Kenji, the vegan werewolf, I admit he fascinates me a little bit, not because of who he is, but because of what he is; he is the first friendly supernatural creature that I've met, one that is almost certainly involved with some kind of non-human, supernatural side of the world. I'm hoping to use Kenji to peek into this world by my own terms before someone inevitably drags me into it. Also, I'm very curious about the werewolves as a race; they were always my favorite of the famous monsters after all.

But alas, he will have to wait; there are other matters I will have to look into tonight.

I made my way over to the front of the school, dodging the damage caused by Ranma and Ryoga's duel and the literal minefield that was prepared against them. I wonder how exactly that duel ended up; I know that Ranma won, but they took the fight somewhere away from the school while I was running around keeping any bystanders from stepping on explosives, so I don't know how it went.

… I feel like I'm forgetting something about this particular duel, but I cannot, for the life of me, remember what.

"Hey, master!" Minon was leaning against a tree, her leg having just regenerated enough to let her stand. Luckily, there weren't any students around to question the presence of an injured Minotaur in skimpy bikini armor. "Did you see how wild I was back there!? I was like, 'Take that!' Pow, Pow, Punch!" She punctuated her enthusiasm by punching the air with her bulky gauntlets. "Totally showed that explosion who was the boss, minon!"

"Only you could be so happy after being blown up." I shook my head with a smile. "Anyway, Minon, I need you to stand guard for the Rhythmic Gymnastics club tonight, and accompany them home after they finish training."

"Ah man, guard duty." She grumbled dejectedly.

"I remind you that the girls train in very tight leotards."

"Ah man, guard duty!!!" She threw her arms up in glee.

Minon's protection was a 'just-in-case' kinda deal, as I don't think anything will actively threaten them anymore. Plus, having them protected frees me to address the chip on my shoulder I've been feeling since this morning.

Alright then, let's see what's going on with Kodachi and her team.



A/Note: As usual this part went on for for longer than I intended, so much so that I decided to break the last part into a Part 3 rather than take two more days or so to finish the whole thing, up I'm kinda frustrated about that because I wanted to end the rest of the chapter in one go, but in the end I decided that I wanted to fulfill the deadline I set for myself more, giving that this mark the end of the worst slump I ever had.

The good news is that you won't have to wait months for Part 3, as it's basically just the end part of this chapter and it's already fully planned out (though it'll likely be longer than I'm imaging). I guarantee that the last part of chapter 10 will be coming this week it's hard to say the precise day as it is a work week so my writing time depends on several factors, but I'll risk it and say This Wednesday (though again, depends a lot on real life)

As for this chapter, well I kind wrote myself into a corner in one aspect, and that is the acquisition of the classic 'benchmark skills' that happens when the Gamer hits 50 in their attributes, I wanted make the occasion special, but then I looked to how close Hiroshi was on many of attributes right before a week long timeskip and realized there was no way he wasn't going to push at least one above 50 in that time. The way I did in the chapter was what I came up with.

Also they aren't skills but instead perks (this is the weaker option I know, as normally he would have gained an special skill that could level up like the others, but I thought they would be more interesting this way) Perks are kinda like achievement that while not usually strong, can give him an edge when needed; they are essentially a weaker version of titles but they take no slots and are permanent. There isn't to say, of course, that all his perks are going to be weak, his perk for hitting 150 on an attribute is going to be stronger than the one he got from hitting 50, for example.

I promise that I'll give an upddate version of his status in the next chapter, for now just know that he's above 50 in Str, End and Agi. Not Dex yet just that was his worst physical stats.

Also: If you interested to see what Koba Satoru looks like he is the main dude from the chemistry club that appeared on episode 08 of the series, I think that was the only time he showed up.
Last edited: Feb 27, 2022
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, Sidrakil, Vulpix and 1,258 others
Adudefromthesea
Aug 3, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10, part 3
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Aug 10, 2020
Add bookmark
#5,248
Well... this ended up a little bit bigger than what I'd imagined.



Chapter 10 part 3








Rain fell like a translucent screen over Nerima's night, droplets like pebbles hitting the ground with loud, distinctive splashes. It was a heavy, dark rain, but even then, the clouds weren't able to entirely hide the luminescence of the unusually bright full moon.

The tallish young man circled the street with patient steps, uncaring to how the water darkened the bottom of his kendogi. A traditional umbrella spun softly on his palm as he took a deep, closed-eyed breath and opened a small yet noble smile

"So, it has come to this. I should have expected."

The young man chuckled, the levity of his tone contrasting with the rightful tension growing across his form.

His eyes snapped open, his glare piercing like a soldier's spear on a fierce battlefield bathed by moonlight.

"You have finally shown your true colors, eh? Attacking me at my own home!" He threw the umbrella to the side, letting the rain fall over his warrior form while he theatrically draws his bokken. "Saotome's dark wizard! Prepare to die!"

In retrospect, this might not have been the best idea.

"Ok, Kuno-senpai, first; I didn't come here to attack you, nor have I, technically, come to your house; we're still by the front door. Second, you're the one who attacked me first, remember? Without warning or provocation, might I add… And from the rooftop too…"

"Silence, scum! Why else would you come if not to perpetuate your master's dark designs! I, Kuno Tatewaki, Furinkan's Indigo Falcon, will put a stop to that! En guard!"

My logic was sound. I swear it was. It was pretty late when I left Furinkan to check on Kodachi, so I thought there was a possibility that she'd already gone back home, and with her home being closer than her school, I decided to go there first. Plus, I only wanted to see if she was all right and not planning something silly; if she was there, then I could just finish up for the night and go home myself.

Kuno continued to attack, each of his swings cutting the air with violent sounds, leaving deadly trails of air behind, I continued to dance and wave between his attacks. Ranma had commented something about Kuno being the most dangerous when he tries for ambushes or uses unconventional moves born from his rage, but being no problem to deal with in a straight fight. According to him, when Kuno is fighting directly, he tends to fall back to the principles of kendo and nothing but that; anybody who was familiar with the basics of the style and could match him physically would be able to see his every move.

This was not the first time I fought Kuno, but this was the first time I fought him directly and alone, and… I could see where Ranma's coming from. After a week of unconventional Anything Goes training, and an even longer period of time fighting multiple yokai with their own set of strange movements, Kuno felt… almost robotic in his execution.

"Kuno-senpai, can you please stop?" I said to him while I dodged. "I'm not here to fight. I just came to see how Kodachi's doing."

"NANI!"

He cuts the rain in a horizontal slash that carried so much strength the aftershock was almost physical. I leaped over the attack and flipped as I passed over his head, landing behind him in basically the same position that I was when I jumped, only facing the opposite direction.

A bokken was pointed at my face within moments.

"So your aim is my own sister, and to refer to her with such familiarity!" Kuno was trembling in anger. Crap, I was thinking about her as her anime character, so I slipped. "You cretin!"

"Hold on— Hold on, damn it!" I leaped back from his crazy swings. "I just wanna know if she's alright! Her whole team is in the hospital, aren't they!?"

"Silence, demon! You'll regret the day you provoked the wrath of Furinkan's Indigo Falcon! Kuno style, Eighth forbidden Technique: HEAVENLY RETRIBUTION!!!"

Kuno's special technique… was just another of his normal swings; he just added a useless flare to it.

What a waste of time.

Rather than dodging, I stepped into his reach, my hand trailing with an aquamarine smoke of condensed mana as I strike my open palm against his oncoming swing. At the exact moment of impact, I released the Mana Bolt carrying a load of concussive force.

To Kuno's credit, he didn't let go of his bokken, but because of that, both his arms were violently blown upwards, and his whole body almost left the ground, leaving the entire front of his torso open and unprotected. Capitalizing on that, I twisted on my heels, quickly raising a curled leg before unleashing a brutal kick directly at his solar plexus.

Kuno flew backward, his body already practically airborne before I even applied the impact, his flailing foot brushed against the ground, tipping his trajectory and making him crash land on the wet pavement, where he rolled to a stop.

I opened my hand to catch his falling bokken before making my way to the fallen, now coughing boy.

"I win," I said out loud to make things clear; I've noticed that martial artists tend to listen to you more after defeating them. According to Ranma, this is actually a thing; something about some pre-school logic about doing what the winner says. "Now tell me where Kodachi is."

Kuno let out some wheezing sounds, gasping for air as he recovered from the impact. His body turned to the side in a subconscious attempt to get out of direct rain. I kept his own bokken trailed over him the entire time.

"You… Foul…Ku…kuku…" He finally breathed out, curling over in pain as he tried to laugh. "Your plans for Kodachi has been foiled… My twisted sister is still in practice at her school."

"Practicing? At night!? With her whole team in the hospital?" I asked incredulously. Sure, there was a tournament coming, but would she even be able to participate missing her whole team.

"Kukuku, you underestimate… A Kuno's tenacity!"

He timed his triumphant declaration to what would have been his table-turner, that said, I could see it coming a mile away, having used the same tactic against Ranma in more than a few occasions. It was easy to sidestep is rising lunge just as it was easy to dodge the following combo of punches and kicks he used in the attempt to get his weapon back.

"Didn't know you could fight unarmed," I commented, stepping back while keeping the bokken on my shoulder and away from his reach. "You really should stop now."

"Fool! I will not rest until you receive your due punishment! Now die!"

Ah man, I don't want to fight Kuno anymore. It feels like bullying at this point.

With a sigh, I took the bokken and held it as if it was my baseball bat. I'm just gonna knock Kuno's lights out and end this.

"Tatewaki-sama!" A voice interjected before I could advance.

A bit to the side of where Kuno and I were facing each other, a small, crouching figure wearing a dark outfit that made him blend to the darkness surprisingly well, appeared out of nowhere. I couldn't help it but blink when I saw his face; wide, expressive eyes, very bushy eyebrows, a pair of naruto-like whiskers in each cheek… Frankly, it was the goofiest face I ever saw.

It took me a second to recognize him as Kuno's little ninja from the show, Sasuke or something. I remember Rin commenting about his presence when she was dealing with the traps Kodachi left for theFurinkan's Rhythmic Gymnastics team. She'd described him as 'remarkably slippery'.

"Sasuke! How dare you interrupt my duel!" Kuno shouts him down immediately.

It was then I realized how agitated the little guy looked; twitching impatiently, ragged breathing, eyes wide and alarmed.

"A thousand pardons Tatewaki-sama! But I bring grave new and—"

"Where is Kodachi?" I asked suddenly, giving voice to the bad feeling growing inside my chest.

"Gah! Who are you!?" The ninja gasped as if noticing me for the first time.

"Bastard! How dare you address my retainer!"

"Never mind that!" Snapped Sasuke, "Tatewaki-sama, please listen! I…I was feeling unease with how long Kodachi-sama was taking in her practice, so I decided to check and—Oh Tatewaki-sama, Kodachi-sama is… Kodachi-sama is…"

"What is it, Sasuke?" Kuno leaned in.

"Kodachi-sama is—"

"Oh, quit the dramatic anime pause and just tell us already!" This time I was the one who snapped.

-0-0-0-​

Nerima blurred around me as I rushed forwards with all my speed, my steps splashing over the deep puddles created by the now fading rain.

I frowned at the next intersection, which would force me out of the direct route until the next turn unless I started breaking my way through buildings like Hibiki Ryoga would do. Taking a split-second decision, I accelerated instead, leaping over the wall when I was just about to crash on it, and landing on the rooftop of the following house.

Rooftop travel is something I'm still struggling to master. Well, the martial artist version of it anyway. I can do it, and it was just as exhilarating as I'd imagined it being the first few times, but I can't figure out the little nuances that allow for fluid movements and no collateral damage. If I limited myself to a civilian level, I could do it without a problem, aided by no small amount by my parkour, but when I try to roof hop like a martial artist would, that is: with way longer jumps, practically bouncing where they land to the point of spending only one step per roof, all I leave behind are wanton destruction.

Case in point, everywhere I landed, cracks appeared and tiles exploded. I honestly feel for the people living there, but this is an emergency.

'Ranma', I considered for a moment, but quickly discarded the thought. Tendo's household was way out of the way, and by what Sasuke had described, every second counts.

Another passing thought questioned why I was going all this length for Kodachi of all people and without a quest reward to back me up too. I easily crush that thought because it was very silly.

Anyone visiting Nerima would easily see this was a city of low buildings. The best we have are some governmental offices with six to seven floors and the city hall, which has around eight; the rest rarely went beyond two or three. This meant that, on the rooftops, the vista stretches practically unobstructed for a far distance, and it also meant that any buildings with four or more floors seemed like towering landmarks.

St. Hebereke's School for Girls quickly entered my vision… And I had to pause in my steps to gasp my shock.

Part of the building shone against the dark of the night.

Sasuke landed beside me, huffing and puffing by the effort of matching my pace. He'd done a better job than Kuno, who, giving the distant cries of outrage, was ground-bound.

"Ahh! I-It's on fire!" He cried in distress.

I took a moment to consider the situation; the school wasn't entirely on fire, just some parts on the back and side, but the flames were clear to see even at a distance. The lights and sounds of a fire truck were quickly approaching from a street in the back. They would be there within moments.
My first instinct was to hurry the fuck up. Fire, people might be in danger, sounded simple, right?

… It would be if it weren't for the familiar, blaring feeling twitching over my shoulders and back of my head, a chill so unnaturally precise I could even see the direction of the cause.

And it was creeping away from the building.

"N-No good! We have to— Ōe-sama? Ōe-samaaa!!?"

I wasted no time adjusting my direction. I wanted to have a look on whoever or whatever was triggering my supernatural senses; this feeling reminds me too much of the one I felt back at Shiori's temple.

The change in direction did not take me completely away from the burning school, as whatever was causing it still fairly close. Just a few more leaps and turns and the urban cover gave away to a roaring flash of bright pink and white.

I saw red.

"WHERE THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE GOING!?"

I fell over the thing leg first in a meteoric dynamic entry that would've made me worthy of a green spandex if this were a hidden village. I felt a crack beneath my feet before it was blown away in an animalistic cry of pain.

Pain flared in my leg from the backlash of the maneuver, but I easily ignored that, focusing instead on the thing standing up from the rubble of a half-collapsed wall.

A mostly humanoid body covered with toned muscles and pink fur, a pair of digitigrade legs ending in large animal paws, an enormous mane of alabaster white that puffed around its head and shoulders, a beastly face with just enough humanity in it to look uncanny. It was a cross between a woman and a large feline, clearly tending to a more bestial side.

Slitted green eyes regarded me with pure hatred before it roared a challenge.

Falion
Cardian of The Chariot.
Level 29.

"FALION!!!"

"Yeah, yeah, I know that, you pokemon-sounding motherfucker." I muttered under my breath.

A Cardian, the same creature as Minon— no, the same creature as that monstrous version that Minon used to be.

Another monster of the same type, a pattern…

It doesn't matter.

"I have your name and face now, bitch." I stated while the growling thing sized me up. I could see the wound I left on her left shoulder and the difficulties she's having moving her arm. Ideally, I would press on this advantage.

But Kodachi's life was more important, the burning building is more important.

"I'll fucking come for you," I promised, preparing to leave and continue my way to the school.

A small voice stopped me in my tracks.

"Ah… Ah… Senpai?... You certainly… You certainly know how to make an entrance."

… Turning away from an enemy is always a bad idea, especially one so bestial-looking as this creature. Even so, after hearing this voice, I could not ignore it, so I look back for the briefest of seconds.

Haruka looked back from where she was standing in the middle of the street. Her whole body shaking as she loudly pulled gasping breaths, her middle school uniform clung so tightly to her sweaty form that it was almost a second skin, the nearly see-through parts contrasting heavily with the blood red from the torn gashes in the shape of claw marks. Her legs trembled under her, both for exhaustion and from the strain of the weight she was carrying.

And that weight was none other than Kuno Kodachi, who was slumped over Haruka's body piggyback style. The gymnastics champion blinked dumbly at my direction with a heavily clouded stare.

… I see… —I get the picture now: they were attacked, they ran, and the thing chased.

"Did that little guy find you?" Haruka wheezed out the question.

"Something like that." I looked back to the pink furry monster and watched as she suddenly froze on her imminent lunge. "Nice work, Haruka. I'll take it from here."

"Falion!" The monster roared as she overcame her trepidations and leaped forwards in a direct attack.

New quest—

I snapped the accept button with one hand while pulling my baseball bat out of the inventory with the other. I can imagine what the thing was expecting when she threw all her musclebound form full of claws and fangs at me, and I'm proud to say that I promptly dashed those expectations by bashing her out of the sky with a brutal hit right on her injured side.

She bounced meaty against the pavement, letting out a pained yowl. I was immediately onto her.

I'm really glad for all those days I spent fighting Yokai, because let me tell you, a supernatural creature, especially one that is less humanoid than most, does not move as a martial artist does. This might sound obvious, but Ranma had talked my ears off with tales of talented martial artists who lost their lives fighting a bear, or a platypus. Apparently, they are the equivalent of cautionary tales to the community. Point is; feral creatures move differently, and you have to keep that in mind when fighting an animal.

This principle also works when fighting Yokai as not all of them know martial arts. This monster in particular was like a mix between a humanoid Yokai and a tiger, nothing I haven't seen before.

"FAGHHH!!" She screamed as I managed to dodge all her attacks and lay a hit on her injury. There was a loud crunch in the area and her left arm went limp.

Her next move was to try to leap back, to which I responded by catching her tail and pulling her back, my bat raising and descending in three vicious strikes across her back, each driving her to the ground and producing pained gasps.

She rolled to her back, entering a belly-showing stance of feline aggression, but before she could use all her four sets of claws I kicked her entire body out the ground and struck her back down with my bat. She gurgled her catchword and tried to run again, but I stomped over her kneecap and kicked her face to disorient her. All throughout this process, my bat flew up and down as I single-handily broke her bones and crushed her body with an almost mechanical efficiency.

I was so focused on hurting her; on making her pay for every injury she left on Haruka… That I almost didn't hear the loud 'ping' echoing above me. I definitely heard Haruka, though.

"WATCH OUT!"

Her shout made me freeze for a moment, just enough for the Cardian to twist her bloody muzzle and open her maw unnaturally wide.

"FALION!"

This roar was accompanied by a jet stream of a purple, almost ghostly energy. I had just enough time to shield my face before I was hit in the front and pushed back by its sheer intensity.

Agony flared across my arm and whatever part of my body it touched. My Jacket and shirt started to burn away, my exposed skin began to blister. I ground my teeth together and push the pain to the back of my mind, frantically trying to work out a solution from this predicament that didn't involve rolling out of the way and letting the attack wash over to the girls behind my back.

Following my instincts, I immediately emitted a large quantity of Mana from my torso; trying to give it shape and intention at the same time like I did the first time I used it, this time to create a shield rather than an exploding sphere. Within moments it became clear that the pain of being slowly burned alive was making it hard to concentrate, so I discarded the plan for another, cruder but more immediate solution.

New Skill Created: Elemental Resistance: Fire lvl 01.
Increases your natural resistance against fire, decrease the harmful effects of fire and heat, take less damage from fire attacks.

And once again, the beautiful, beautiful Gamer system made my life infinitely easier. I smiled as the decrease in pain and damage let me concentrate my mana more easily, making it rise through my defending arm until it focused in my hand, then I quickly pointed it to the heart of the fiery beam releasing my own stream of concentrated mana to counteract the Cardian's.

What followed was one minute of a locked energy beam battle that you would see in Dragon Ball or Harry Potter. It wasn't really as fun being a participant of it as it was to witness from the side, it was mostly just keeping your arm raised, keeping the energy going, and trying to hold back the pressure from the opposing power. At least I wasn't on fire anymore.

I felt the pressure of the enemy's beam lessen as her energy started to run out, so I raised my other hand and formed a fully shaped Mana bolt in my palm, all while making a show of also losing steam. When both beams run out and all that was left was the bright, residual energy over the street, I responded to the Cardian's death glare with a Mana bolt to the face.

"FGAH!" The thing cried out. I doubt she was expecting me to use magic right after I finished counteracting her beam. Well, tough shit, there is more where that comes from.

So I picked up my bat and restarted the brutalization of the Cardian, this time magically and from a distance, just to show I fucking could.

The things cried and moaned in agony as explosions wrecked her body and the area surrounding her. Booms echoed, pavement cracked, blood poured, all that good shit.

By the end, I paused, letting the dust settle to show the broken, burned form of the now unmoving Cardian. I placed my bat over my shoulders and walked over to bash its head open just to make sure it was really dead because I sure as hell wasn't about to assume and turn my back to it.

It was only then that I noticed the creaking sound.

A couple of meters above where the battle took place, there was a… ghostly wheel thingy? It was hovering in place, slowly spinning. It reminded me a lot of a piece of a ghostly pirate ship I'd seen in every cartoon show.

The thing was so out of the left field that I had to stop and assault it with an incredulous look— What the fuck?

"Senpai! That thing's—" I heard Haruka cry out before the wheel snapped into place with a loud 'ping'. My eyes widened when I recognized the sound.

"FALION!" The broken monster surged to her feet, golden energy flaming over her form, seemly reinvigorating her. She moved with a speed she wasn't displayed before and tacked me to the ground. Her claws digging deep into my biceps as she pinned me in place.

I watched as the wounds on her snarling face knit themselves close, and the growing swelling noticeably diminished.

Self-healing, Fuck!

She lunged for my neck, and I threw my head to the side to let her plant her face in the ground. Using my strength, I surged upwards and drew her into a grappling match. At this distance, there was no way to prevent her claws from gashing my skin a few times, but despite the pain, I quickly managed to lock the inexperienced monster into a submission hold, my superior strength more than enough to hold her down while she thrashed like an animal.

Two instances of fucking up my imminent victory had me playing attention on the hovering wheel, which had begun spinning again. This time I nearly cursed when I heard the next ping.

Fuck. No.

I threw my body to the side, putting my back to the ground and dragging the snarling monster with me. With a direct view of the wheel above, I triggered the skill I'd gotten from the Slime Queen's loot. In the same instant, my Mana surged up, following the Gamer System's automatic control, and twisted inside itself in a way I couldn't even begin to describe to shape a particular effect/element.

Acid Spit lvl 03
One of nineteen steps needed to become a Space Marine.

It was one of those skills that sounded lame and simple until you took a moment to think of all the way how it could be useful in real life, plus it came with a bonus of enhancing my spit distance.

The effects of the wheel were just starting to activate when the acid hit it. To my surprise, it broke apart by the impact alone, the corrosive effect not needed.

The Cardian screamed in my hold, her body arching and coiling like it was struck by lightning or was suffering the effect of an extremely high voltage, I could feel her strength practically disappearing as mine revitalized. Almost without thinking, I took advantage of that to get a better hold, ready for her to—

"C-Cleansing!" She suddenly gurgled out from my sleeper hold. It was surprising to hear her talking after all those animal noises, that and the fact I was putting a hell of a lot of pressure on her throat.

Her body bust out in black flames, and I flinched, throwing her remains to the side and getting to my feet in one smooth movement, but I couldn't feel any heat from this particular fire.

Oh right, when I killed Minon's previous incarnation, what was her name again? She also burned away in black fire; maybe it's a common trait among Cardians.

Quest completed.
2000 exp
Your relationship with Tenou Haruka has increased.
Your relationship with Kuno Kodachi has vastly increased.
Closing the quest screen, I retrieved my bat and finally turned to address the audience.

Haruka had placed a still unresponsive Kodachi on the sidewalk, leaning against one of the walls of one of the residential buildings. And Haruka herself was standing close, her… wide eyes looking over my form.

"Ah." I breathed out, suddenly embarrassed as I remember my own lingering injuries. I had become surprisingly good at blocking off pain to the point I almost didn't notice after a while, something about the certainty that I'd be fine no matter what if I was alive by the end helped with that fact.

To be fair, it wasn't that bad, just ruined clothes, some burns, and a few claw marks here and here. Haruka's own claw marks looked much deeper.

"This is nothi—"

"Don't… say that." Haruka's voice hiccupped before her tone lowered almost to a whisper. She was avoiding my gaze. "… It's not nothing."

I…

Ah…

The distant sounds of the fire-truck's sirens reminded me of the burning school. I cast a brief look at that direction to see red light beaming over the buildings, but no signs of the brightness of the fire. I turned back to the girls; Kodachi was looking fixedly at us, Haruka looked about to collapse.

… The professionals can deal with the fire.

-0-0-0-​

You have found a special magitech artifact of Alien Origin.
Do you wish to assimilate it into the gamer system?
Yes/No

I let the Card lazily drift between finger to finger as I sat there in a clean corner of Doc Tofu's clinic.

Another monster that could only say its name and leaves a card that my game system identifies as 'Alien Origin' when killed. It was the exact same situation as Minon's.

But what does this mean? My game calls them Alien, or at least, say they are of Alien origin. Frankly after all I've seen Aliens aren't much of a stretch, but regardless of their origins I can't see the reason to why attack people like that, I mean, first they attack in a highly defensive temple and no doubt produced the ire and attention of the local supernatural community, and next they attack a school!? Do they want attention? Maybe make a statement?

Both attacks were targeting someone; at the temple it was Ena, and now… considering that it attacked the school at night and that it chased them afterward…

I look up to the bed where Kodachi was lying; she fell fully unconscious on our way here, forcing me to carry her the rest of the way, now she wasn't waking up, but Doc said there wasn't anything physically wrong with her, just exhaustion.

Was Kodachi the target this time? Or…

I let out a sigh and looked over to where Doc was treating Haruka's injuries.

There are still too many pieces missing on this puzzle.

"There, Tenou-san." The Doc spoke, finishing tying the bandages around her arm. "They aren't as bad as they seem, but I'm still surprised you'd get attacked by a tiger of all things!"

I couldn't help but cringe a little at the excuse we came up with, I was hoping the nature of the injuries would give some credit to it… and that Doc wouldn't notice the difference. But apparently, something happened to the zoo today and some animals escaped, so 'being attacked by a tiger' is a lot more believable tonight then it would have been at any other time.

I wonder if Ranma had anything to do with it.

"Yes, Ono-sensei," Haruka replied, testing her hand's grip to see how the bandages flexed on her arm. "Thank you for your treatment."

"It will be enough for the wounds." Doc nodded. "But you still have to go to a hospital to get proper treatment. I'll call your parents and get you trans—"

"Eh!" She cried out, and I also looked up from my weird magical card. "Um, can't I just go home?"

Doc Tofu frowned the frown of a responsible adult who's trying to be reasonable. I hated when the genuinely good people did that; they give it a validity like you wouldn't believe.

"Tenou-san, you've been attacked by a wild animal. It'd be irresponsible of me to let you walk away after a few patches."

"I'm fine, really. Look!" She pulled herself off her bed, wincing slightly but noticeably as the full weight of her wounds made themseves know without adrenaline to bear the brunt. "I'm fine." She argued again.

Doc Tofu's righteous frown was now accompanied by a sad look that said he could see through all her lies and just want to help, now stop being a stubborn young lady you must receive all the care in the— Goddamn he's good.

"Ono-sensei, if I may." I stood from where I sat. "Haruka had a stressful night. She just wants to get to her home and rest for a bit. I'll escort her there and make sure she gets to a hospital tomorrow, I promise. Just please, let her leave."

"Please," Haruka added.

That argument did not persuade him; I knew that I could see that. But he must have realized that there was more to it than we were saying. In the end, his shoulders dropped in acceptance.

"Alright, just this time. I'll leave her to you Ōe-san." I could feel the trust he placed on me for that, I appreciate it.

As we were leaving, I stopped by Kuno Tatewaki's prone form at the clinic's front entrance. He, of course, stirred at my presence and used his bokken to try to rise to his feet.

"Damn you, wizard! I will make you pay for what you did to—"

"I did nothing to Kodachi," I said for the hundredth time and knew he wasn't going to listen. "Anyway, I'll be going now, but I'm going to be really pissed if you try to start shit in Ono-sensei's place in my absence, so you better make like Sasuke and behave yourself, understand?"

"The great eagle of Furinkan always flies high, and it always strikes down his foes! En guard, monster!" Without listening, he got to his feet and tried to fight like he's been doing for the past hour or so.

At this point, I'm just trying to trash him while being mindful of the noise to not bother the neighbors. This time was no different. I hope that with me gone he would actually visit his recuperating sister rather than, in his words, 'Getting rightful revenge!!'

The nights in Nerima are far from being dark; the lack of intense urban centers and the people's tendency to go to bed early kept light pollution to a minimum, so, if not covered by clouds, the nights here are usually bright and full of stars, tonight this was particularly true with the towering brightness of the full-moon adding to the vision.

Haruka and I made our way through the street slowly and quietly. I'd offered the girl my shoulder to lean on, and even carry her, but she just waved it off and continued fighting through the pain.

The long stretches of silence were… uncomfortable, and the worst thing was this wasn't even solely the result of tonight.

All throughout this week the girl's been distancing herself from me. Before, I frequently met her during my morning jogs, and we could easily talk and joke all the way to her school, but then our conversations started to lose steam, silence became more frequent, and I sometimes caught these looks from her… yesterday was the first time she didn't show up since I've met her.

What happened at the illusion barrier shook her more than I'd initially thought, and I don't blame her; even if she didn't get hurt, getting introduced to the supernatural that way would have shaken anybody, and to discover right after that the friends she's been making were deeply involved in it mustn't have helped.

Now there was this thing with the Cardian.

"So, hum, what... How did you end up in that situation?" I asked hesitantly, trying to break the silence. I don't know if it was the right thing to ask, and it probably wasn't, but I had to say something.

The girl didn't answer at first, just kept looking ahead. I was about to beat myself by the choice of subject when she spoke.

"I was keeping an eye on Kodachi; I told you I would. She's just as unhinged as the rumors said, but then her team started to disappear…" She trails off.

… I don't know what it was worse, the fact she spoke so mechanically, or the fact she got involved in all of that because of me.

A pathetical, "Oh." Was all I managed to say when I wanted to hit myself. Fuck, this was a girl trying to come to terms that demons and monsters and magical gender flipping martial artists existed, and I threw her right at the jaws of a lion-woman-monster thing. If only I wasn't so insistent on this Kodachi business.

I shifted uncomfortably. She was already distancing herself by the mere existence of these things, and now she's been hurt and terrorized by one, I can already see her reaction.

So deep I was in my musings that I didn't notice that Haruka suddenly wasn't beside me anymore. A surge of panic burst inside my chest, but a quick look around showed me that she'd just stopped in her tracks and I kept walking like an idiot.

"… Senpai is amazing."

H-Hm? She was almost whispering, so it took a second for me to process the words. I open my mouth to respond but she continued.

"That… thing…. It was so… Terrifying, strong, Kuno Kodachi fought against it, but she couldn't even… I didn't know what to do, so I just grabbed her and… ran."

She choked, and I felt my chest tightening at the highs her voice was getting; it was not easy seeing Haruka, seeing anymore like this. Before I could swallow the lump on my throat, she pressed on.

"But then you." She finally looked at me, eyes glistening. "You just… dealt with it, you stood against it and refused to budge and was so damn brave and heroic, and so like you that I…" A rueful smile opens on her face, and she shook her head. "I just ran, like I always, always do, running away from everything, even before tonight I was… Compared to you I…" She hiccupped wetly at the last word.

I had enough.

"Shut up," I said firmly, she flinched at the word and tone, but I press on.

"Look at me, Haruka." She didn't react. "Look at me." I insisted.

She did, moist blue eyes with complicated emotions rose from the shadows of her bangs to look at me.

"Do you see any injury, any sign of that fight at all?" I pointed at my shoulder where there should have been a second-degree burn, but instead, there was perfectly immaculate skin under my new shirt. "I am a freak, Haruka. I can punch through concrete, I can run faster than a car, I can heal from just about any injury with a short rest. But, you… you are nothing like me. You're just a normal girl."

She smiled that self-deprecating smile again; more tears gathered in her eyes.

I step in, enough to be inappropriate for a Japanese person, but I didn't give a damn.

"You have nothing I have. And yet you still faced that monster, you still got in, got Kodachi, and freaking carried her city blocks away from the school all while a monster chased you. How the hell do you think anybody else would have acted in this situation, how the hell do you think I would if I didn't have what I have. They would run, Haruka. They would run immediately and just forget about anymore else in favor of saving their skin. I would run."

She shook her head sharply, "You wouldn't run."

"I would!" It's true. If I didn't have the gamer, if I didn't have concrete proof that I would get stronger, or that I wouldn't get permanent injuries… I would act much differently than I do now. But her… "But you, you just… risked your life to save someone, someone you didn't know, didn't even like for goodness sake. You faced down a genuine monster that could have killed you just to get someone to safety. You call me brave and heroic? Then how the hell can we even begin to describe you?"

And I mean it too, I was surprised how much I mean it. There is no way to understate what Haruka did tonight; she found herself in an actual horror movie situation, and instead of saving herself like the average person, she risked it all for Kodachi. This is just…

"Extraordinary. You're just extraordinary." I decided and said it to her face.

Then I realize I literally said to her face, seeing as I was close enough to do so, and had my hands on her shoulders.

"Hum." To my credit I didn't sputter dumbly like an anime protagonist with a pretty girl would, I just straightened my back and released my grip on her shoulders. "Sorry about… that." I trailed off.

Haruka was meeting my eyes for the first time in a while, and I was struck speechless by the weight her teary gaze held. Shock, doubt, happiness, hope, all mixed into a confused bundle. They glistened in the night's light before disappearing as she bumped her forehead on my chest, hands clinging to my shirt.

I said nothing as the quiet sobs started, just brought my arms around her, and tried to hold her in a manner that wouldn't let my awkwardness show. I was not prepared to be consoling a crying girl tonight, much less Haruka, but I would do the best I could.

We stood there in that deserted street for a while. I said nothing, just kept rubbing my hands on her back and let her let all she was holding. She occasionally mumbled something against my shirt, but it was too muffled for me to make sense, and she went back to sobbing soon after.

Eventually, we separated.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I just…" Haruka spoke, rubbing her sleeves to her face to clear her remaining tears. "Nobody ever said something like that to me."

It was hard to keep the surprise from showing on my face. Sure, what I called her, and the way I did it was a bit chuuni— scratch that, it was a lot chuuni — so I can see how she can say that, but something about the way she said it… I knew, I just knew there was a lot more meaning than it first seemed.

I looked at Tenou Haruka again, taking her in like it was the first time: tall for a girl of her age, long-limbed, shoulders tending towards the broad side, dirty blonde hair that was more curled than straight, feature that while certainly attractive were longer and sharper than the average girl…

"Well… That sounds like it's entirely their fault." I decided with a nod; it was a very easy decision.

She rasped out a tiny laught despite herself. Then, out of nowhere, she gave me a deep bow.

"I'm sorry!" She declared before I could say anything. "Senpai, I treated you terribly this week, I'm so, so sorry about that."

"Ah." Jesus, if acting a bit distant is being treated terribly to Haruka, then she definitely can't go to the west; she's just too nice for those barbarians. "I figured you just needed some time."

She shook her head… while still bowing, so it was a bit weird. "No, I was… I was trying to run away again. I apologize for that!"

"It's—" It's ok; I almost said it, but gestures mean different things for different people, so while I might not have been to bothered about it, I could see now that it weighted on Haruka. So I change to a formal but sincere. "I accept your apology, please stand."

She did, passing her sleeve over her eyes one last time to get the last tears.

"Hiroshi-senpai… I'm not what you describe." I frowned, but then she looked at me with a —Radiant, joyful smile, bloody yet victorious, short blonde hair blowing in fury of the cosmic storm, dark blue eyes like continental colossus cresting over a bed of starlight, holding within undying, never-ending— determination I've never seen on her before.

Hum!?

What the hell?

D-Did her title and level just glitch?

"But I want to be like that! I want to be someone I can be proud of. So." I blinked at her as she bowed again, a formal bow rather than the one for a humbling apology from before. "Please, Hiroshi-senpai, I humbly request your guidance."

Her question helped center my thought. I blinked down to her and realized what she asked. "Sure, I'm wasn't planning to leave you hanging when it was me that dragged you into this mess, but, hum, guidance is a bit much."

Haruka smiled; it was one of her usual ones this time, the ones that make her look damn cool. "Not at all, I had a distinct feeling that it would come to that on the first time we met, it's a bit weird to be honest, but…" She shrugged. "I guess you come with the weird."

…There is a lot to unpack there; in fact, her statement had my common sense tingling like a motherfucker, so I don't want to just dismiss that, even when I hoped that it's just an in of the moment thing.

Still, Haruka was back, and things didn't feel awkward between us anymore, process!

"I probably have to get stronger, though." She commented as she walked past me in an unspoken prompt.

"Definitely, sorry about that, but hanging out with me and Ranma makes that necessary." It was easy to fall into step beside her. My eyes widened when an interesting idea surfaced. "In fact, I think I have a good dojo to recommend."

We talked the entire way back to her house, the heavy silence of our last few conversations all but a memory.

I couldn't believe how glad I was for that.

-0-0-0-​

Yesterday was a good day overall.

I got a few levels in ninjutsu, which was always nice, Rin left for her mission, which sucks, Ryoga appeared again, so I think he will be a semi-permanent presence from now on, I got a new Cardian summon, and patched things up with Haruka.

Yeah, good day.

Not really sure what to think about the summon though, I mean, it is nice to have, and if it's half as useful as Minon it'll be a great boon. Plus, I certainly hope to finally break past lvl 02 of the Summon Cardian skill now that I have more than Minon.

What frustrated me yesterday was the fact I couldn't summon it at all, I tried for hours with increasingly frustrating results, that is, the summoning circle appeared, the timer started, but at the end there was no Cardian, and it was all just a waste of MP. At some point, I just gave up and went to sleep. (Minon complained a lot for being used as a live dakimakura, but I got used to having someone sleeping next to me damn it! I think she liked it a lot in the end, though.)

It wasn't until this morning, just as I was leaving for my morning jog that I realize my fit of retardation: Minon, she was the reason I couldn't summon the new Cardian. I only had one 'summon slot' and Minon was occupying it.

I grumbled a bit while I ran; I'm really curious about the new Cardian, but I'm not curious enough to dismiss Minon from the Illusion Barrier I left her grinding in early. I'd have to go back all that way there to deal with it as leaving it alone and having it evolve or do another unknown thing wasn't an option. So I guess it's waiting until after school to meet the new guy… Girl, why do I feel it's going to be a girl?

Anyway, it wasn't like I didn't have other things to look forwards to: I was meeting Haruka today, not to escort her to school like always (I think her school's going to be closed for a while for obvious reasons.), but to join her for her own morning jog.

I never thought I could be excited to introduce someone to the joys of exercise, but I've long since stopped wondering how my life has come to this.

Haruka's house was close to my apartment, and by this point I knew the route like the back of my hand, so it was easy to get to the intersection and cross the street to enter the neighborhood where—

The second-floor window of Haruka's house exploded outwards in a shower glass, flower petals, maniacal laughter.

The fuck!?

"Ohohohohohohoho!!!"

The figure bounced around Haruka's neighbors' houses, nothing by a greenish blur to the untrained eye. To me, however, it was easy to see they had training; they weren't like Ranma, who could practically fly, but they are clearly comfortable in the air, and it shows. Where they passed, they left a trail of… black petals…

Hold on.

I saw her pausing on top of the house next to me, and the next leap had her landing directly in front of me.

And there she was, in all her athletic curves in a tight bluish green leotard glory. Kuno Kodachi, Kuno-senpai's twisted little sister and the runner contender for Ranma's craziest fiancé… well, wanna-be-fiancé.

"I remember you!" Was the first thing she said to me, throwing her silky side ponytail over her shoulder. "You saved me yesterday."

I swallowed a lump of saliva because hot damn that leotard is tight. "I helped, yes." Frankly, I'm kinda surprised Kuno hadn't ranted to her about me and how I was clearly responsible for her state yesterday. Maybe she does remember what happened. "I'm glad to see you're already on your feet."

"Ohohohohoho! A little encounter like that is nothing for Kodachi, the black rose!" She pointed the handle of her ribbon thingy in my direction. "Still, I'm here to formally thank you for helping the jewel of the Kuno's family in her hour of need!"

Well, that's… nice of her. Maybe she's more reasonable than her brother— Oh god, I shouldn't have thought that— Hum?

Kodachi had, leaned forward, like, getting way inside my personal space to the point that I had to bend backward to keep the distance. She just kept looking at me with her admittedly pretty eyes.

"Um, can I help you?"

"Oh!" She gasped, immediately retreating a couple of steps before turning her back to me. She then started to mumble and fidget in place.

Ah, shit, I have a bad feeling about this; I have a horrible feeling about this. In fact, I got chills. "A-Are you ok?" No, don't show compassion, you fool! Run away!

"… Oh, how life is cruel and unfair!" Her mumbling suddenly became very audible. I didn't know if she noticed or not. "After my conundrum with Haruka-sama, now this. Oh, why does my heart act so—."

She spun towards me so fast that her hair snapped in the air. I would have found her blushing face very charming if it didn't give me so much dread.

"I-I must solve the tangles of my heart, farewell!"

A gust of black rose petals somehow accompanied her as she leaped. I had to wave a hand over my face to clear my vision and was left standing alone in a now petal covered street.

W-Well… That wasn't so bad?

"NO!" It was a fiery declaration of righteous determination, one that washes away any the doubt and uncertainty one could possibly have.

Goddamn it.

I look up and to the side, and there was Kodachi again, a storm of black rose petals swirling around her in conjunction with her ribbon.

"I, Kuno Kodachi, the Black Rose, never do things half measures, nor do I let little things get in the way of my desire!" She declared to victoriously to the sky. "Morals? Constraints? Rules? Out of my way! I have something to say!"

Her ribbon, breaking all conventional rules of physics, snapped a bouquet of black roses into existence, and she launched it toward me.

"Bat-wielding Prince." The fuck did she call me!? "I love you."

Fuck.

"Goodbye for now, my love! For I must calm this confusing heart for our next encounter. But be assured we will meet again!" She very lovingly blew me a kiss and then Ohohoho'ed her way across the rooftops, leaving the trail of black petals behind her, of course.

I looked at the bouquet in my hand, and cursed again, loudly this time.

There are so many butterflies flying right now it's not even funny.

"Se-Senpai."

I turned around to see Haruka shyly exiting her house, she looked shocked, alarmed, confused, mortified, covered in petals, and there was a bouquet of black roses in her hands.

"S-she said I had tempted her with the forbidden fruit, and that I must take responsibility." She spoke breathlessly, looking at me with wide, helpless eyes. "W-W-What do I do senpai!? I don't like girls!" So said the closet lesbian, yet her giant blush said otherwise.

Fucking Kunos man, they are more trouble than they're worth..


A/n: And that's it for chapter 10! It felt like it would never end...

Anyway I feel like I should explain myself for Kodachi situation, mostly to give an excuse because ah well *shrug

Spoiler: Do not read this if you have not yet read the chapter.
.

Tomorrow I plan to make a Character Appearance page like I have with my every other story, I personally don't think its needed yet, but hey it's as place to share some sexy waifu pictures and I like sharing sexy waifu pictures.

Hiroshi's status page has be updated, go see it, only don't try to math up the changes, you'll be disappointed.

Next Up!: A Taimanin, Taimanining like no other Taimanin has Taimaninred before, featuring some ugly fat bastards because everything gets better with ugly fat bastards, Oh MY!!!
Last edited: Jul 29, 2021
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, Hellhound_dow, Skybrain and 1,287 others
Adudefromthesea
Aug 10, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude I
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Sep 7, 2020
Add bookmark
#5,749
It's 4 am for me now, I finished writing 3 p.m, guess who left it all to the very last minute, yay!

Anyway, this chapter happens a couple of days after chapter 10, just to set the timeline straight.


Interlude I





Councilman Ogura Shoji— no, that's not exactly right, he's still Secretary Ogura Shoji, but it's only a matter of time— led his nightly conquest into the hotel room.

They were an odd pair, the two. The dictionary definition of a dichotomy; a tall, astronomically beautiful woman who could put supermodels to shame, and a short, obese man who looked way older than he really was. Many would cry out for the unfairness of it all, but Ogura Shoji knew there was nothing more natural than this; women were attracted to money and power, so how could someone in Ogura's position be found wanting when it comes to the matters of flesh? In fact, rare were the nights he spent alone since coming to beautiful Tokyo.

Of course, now he knew that while money and power were enough to attract women, he needed a bit more to truly conquer them. And conquer this one he would, oh yes, he wouldn't let a woman like this slip from his fingers. So, as much as he regretted it, he moved his grubby hand away from this specimen's marvelous rear and sent her further into the room while he turned to lock the door.

Discretely, he picked up an unlabeled capsule from his pocket and popped a single pill from it into his mouth.

And there it was. The sensation he was waiting for. It never failed to shake him to his core. His heartbeat spiked sharply in his chest as liquid fire seems to pour into his veins, a sudden weight grew in his torso and started to pulse power and energy into his muscles, and more importantly, his pant audibly stretched to the breaking point as his modest-sized member grotesquely swelled into the monstrous proportions that now felt more familiar than his normal one.

After taking a brief second to steady his balance, he turned, seeing his soon-to-be toy leaning over the window, the gloom of Tokyo's nightlights perfectly framing her shapely silhouette.

Oh, what a find she was! Older than what he usually goes with, but not enough to be considered a stale Christmas cake, dark, silky hair pulled with a complex yet elegant knot, loose silvery dress that did a lazy job covering the out-of-this-world curves, bluish eyes that shone playfully in the side-glance she gave him as she swayed her large, childbearing hips and presented that big, round, barely-covered ass to him.

The little minx.

Ogura let out a muffled grunt as he walked towards her, the unnatural hunger growing in his core, pushing him like never before. His touch made the woman gasp this time around, and he felt her shivering as he dragged his bloated fingers over the exposed part of her back, circling them around and inside the laughable unconstrained dress so he could grab those manificent tits that almost seem to spill from her sides from the angle he was looking.

"You like that, don't you? ku ku ku." He chuckled his nasal chuckle that sounded like the peak of masculinity to his ears.

"Yes~" The woman panted as his fingers dipped and sunk into her chest's malleable flesh. Good, he thought, the faster her breathing is, the faster his new musk will take hold.

He delighted himself with the sounds she made when he found the hardening nubs of her nipples and twisted them. The fabric of her dress now hung uselessly between her breasts, so he decided it needed to go. Licking over the skin of her spine, he trailed upwards until he hooked his teeth over the dress' tie on the back of her neck and pulled. It came off easily, almost like it was designed to do precisely that, and the silvery fabric quickly fell from her voluptuous form.

Ah yes, Oguro let out another of this nasal chuckle, this time trying to get his own breathing under control as his body flared up in desire. His eyes drank her vision like it was an oasis in the desert, paying special attention to the swell of her rear, a large, wonderful bubbly heart-shape framed by a very thin thong, something that had been criminally hidden from him until now.

The woman moaned, pushing her whorish ass against his crotch until her devilishly soft cheeks sandwiched his enormous bulge. The overwhelming heat of her core barely contained by the tiny triangle of her slutty underwear.

That was the last drop.

He seized her by the scruff of her neck and threw her to the bed, finally having a full look over her glorious, near-naked form.

Look at that clouded look! How he loved it! Confused enough to not question, yet aware enough to flare up in surprise and fear when he fishes the monster out of his pants. Once again, he mentally thanked his wonderful patrons' generosity for provide him with those wonderful pills, so many fun nights, so many yet to come.

He wiped the excess drool from his lips and practically jumped onto the bed, making sure to pin the woman under his prodigious weight as he did so— he had a few that tried to run at the sight of his monstrous member in the past— And quickly forced her legs open—drinking the view of the tiny thong along with the delicious prize it held. She was less wet then he would have imagined, but he didn't have the mind to care.

"You are mine now, my pretty- Guh!"

… It started in his right hand, the one that was in the process of tearing the underwear off her, to be precise. Eager fingers suddenly locked in place over the soft flesh of the woman's inner thigh, freezing when they should be ripping the offending piece of cloth instead. He wasn't even able to process what'd happened when the paralysis shot from his hand to his arm and then to his shoulder. A current of energy so powerful and so precise that it cut like a dagger of pure ice through the fires of his arousal. His heart Bulged inside his chest as every muscular function of the organ activated at the same time in violently erratic patterns.

Ogura would have gasped in pain if he was capable of doing anything at that moment.

The single, longest second of the would-be-Councilman Ogura Shoji's life passed, and nothing else came for him after it. With heart stopped and his mind blank, the obese corpse fell over the Taimanin.

Uehara Rin slowly blinked at the ceiling of the hotel's room, needing a moment to process what had just happened. She dipped her eyes down to the fat shoulder pressing against her chin, feeling the weight the slightly smoky corpse put over her body. No movement save for the twitching after-effects of the shock, definitely no pulse or heartbeat.

Her target was dead.

With the same effort one would do to move a bedsheet from their bodies, Rin casually flipped the obese mass to the side. It rolled from the bed and knocked over the nightstand as it crashed meaty to the floor. Still, the Taimanin paid no attention to it, her thoughts lost somewhere else as she slowly pushed herself to her feet and mechanically made her way to the bathroom to wash away the demonic-infused sweat before it could overcome the protections she'd set up.

She has killed her target… But it wasn't supposed to be like this.

Oh, she was always going to kill him, of course. Ogura Shoji's life was condemned from the moment he stepped into this room… but she was supposed to pleasure him first, to drag him into an endless pit of ecstasy and take advantage of his vulnerable state make him confess what he knew; secrets of the party, the name of his associates, his demonic patrons… This room had been meticulously prepared with a series of jutsu and spells to soothe his mind and encourage talking for this very purpose.

Yet she has killed him before he could properly have his way with her. A premature murder, a failure in all aspects… it was the first time she failed in this kind of assignment.

And she couldn't even tell why she'd done it. She just... reacted.

Rin finished reapplying the lipstick and popped her lips together to actuate the color. She allowed herself a brief sigh before exiting the bathroom, walk over to collect the expensive piece of silvery rag that passed as dress these days, and wrap it around her body. She let out another, longer, sigh as she saw that the piece amount to basically twin straps over her chest and a pelvic curtain that left her legs completely bare.

Dreadfully airy.

Without even looking at the corpse, Uehara Rin exited the room. The door closed behind her and completed the form of an ofuta paper that was placed on its edges, activating its effects.

The new jutsu would conceal the room until the appropriate time for the body to be discovered.

-0-0-0-​

The Yukihiro golden tower was quickly becoming one of the most sought after luxury hotels in Tokyo city. While it lacked the age and renown of its competitors, it made up for it with extravagant rooms and installations equipped with the best money could buy for both comfort and technology. That, combined with the optics of a strapping newcomer trying to complete with the more traditional and established hotel chains did wonder to catch people's attention.

What better place to commemorate a new political party that was steadily growing in popularity and trying to compete with older, more establish parties than a hotel that was basically doing the same? Rin pondered about this dynamic while she rode the elevator downward to the fourth floor, rather than directly going back to the party hall. She strode into the maze of corridors with confident steps, assured that she wouldn't stumble with any bystanders along the way. The entire hotel had been booked for tonight's celebration, so there shouldn't be anyone inside that isn't supposed to be here, she and her teammates included.

She made a brief round across the corridor, making sure there wasn't anyone close that would stumble on her as she moved to her destination. As soon as she was sure, she turned her mental gaze inside herself, focusing on the inconsistencies about the size and length of the corridors, before forming a quick hand seal and muttering a released chant. When she opened her eyes, she saw a corner of the corridor she couldn't even perceive before.

Now, to actually open the door to room number 412, another short ritual was required. Still, she blazed through the brief, but deviously tricky process with a single-mindedness that could only be achieved after years of practice.

It was dark inside, the lights were turned off, the heavy curtains were drawn tightly together, but otherwise, the room wasn't any different what one would find in this area of the hotel, save for the faint musky scent of sex that still hung in the air, but was already being filtered by the AC.

Rin found her current team leader sitting by the desk, her naked skin gleaming in the laptop's screen glow. She ignored the three drowned corpses by the bed and made her way toward her.

"Report." Her leader asked without turning her head. Her tone was professional, but there was a hint of levity there, a consideration for her fellow veteran, perhaps?

"… This one was unable to find anything useful. My deepest apologies."

To her surprise, Rin found herself saying that rather than admitting her mistake, which she certainly would have done before… before Nerima.

The other taimanin in the room interpreted her moment's hesitation in her own way, and flashed her a grin.

"You are too hard on yourself sometimes, Rin-san." Mizuki Shiranui, the Taimanin of the Crashing Waves, leaned back, making the leather chair creak under her weight. The healthy bosom that matched and even surpassed Rin's own swayed pendulously in her following chuckle. "They're politicians. There is always more dirt to be found with that lot. We'll find a better target next time."

"…Yes." And there would undoubtedly be a next time; a true taimanin must use her body just as much she uses her blade, for the good of the Corp.

The Corps…

"…Dumb bitch."

She shook these thoughts from her head; a mission isn't time for uncertainties.

"More importantly, watch this." Shiranui reached out and tapped a few times on the laptop keys. A video feed of another hotel room, one where their last teammate was performing her duties appeared, it has been muted, but the definition of the image was startling.

"That's… impressive," Rin admitted. She wasn't one for technology because she used to fry any that got too close before she could get her powers under control, and never got in the habit after she did. Still, she noticed that this laptop was… much more slender than the bulky ones she'd seen in the market. Corps assets, maybe?

"I know, right?" Her leader's grin got a little wicked. "Now, not only we will have audio blackmail, but we'll have some interesting videos as well. I'm sure the public would love to see what their, very respectfully married, politicians do on their downtime."

"… Did you that for every room?" Rin gave words to her growing apprehension.

"Wasn't possible due to the timeframe, only a single one." She shrugged. "So, I thought it'd be better in the room where the guy needs to get out alive."

Of course, Rin thought while she focused on the video. Yoshida Toranosuke, the man they are supposed to escort and make sure he leaves the party unharmed. His protection is the mission's primary objective with any opportunity for information gathering or demon slaying planned around it. As its often the case for this type of mission, the best way to do it was to seduce him away from the danger to a secure location prepared beforehand, then keep him happy and distracted with something no men can resist. The video of the act might even be useful later, after he grows his influence within the party.

Rin watched the young man convulsed in pleasure as he tried and failed to match the pace of the taimanin riding him. She was young, this one, only three missions under her belt, but had high praise from those who work with her. Rin could detect hesitation on her carnal techniques, though. It must be why she was chosen for this role; a taimanin must become comfortable with using her body early if they wish to have a prosperous career.

… Even though there are much better ways to use her body, Rin has come to find out, a heat blossoming in her chest as her thoughts drifted towards her Aruji-sama…

She pushed these thoughts back and focused back on the mission… but she had to admit that the subject just seems to frustrate her more and more.

"…It's a waste." She couldn't hold her voice in, so she gestured at the screen and clarified. "This mission. She could have done it on her own."

And it's true; protection mission in a political party with minimal demonic influence; well within the parameters for the new girl, but to give that to Uehara Rin… even with her recent record, was among the top taimanin of the current generation for a reason, and Mizuki Shiranui was a living legend. They should have been assigned to something more important.

Her leader's eyes shone in an odd way as she cocked her head to face her "Ara? That's unlike you, Rin-san. Are you questioning our superiors' decision?"

Rin blinked. She just did that, didn't she? She doesn't remember doing that since… ever

Shiranui waved her off before she could explain herself.

"I agree completely. I don't know exactly what the council is thinking, but this mission is far below our level." The taimanin threw her arms back and over her head, locking together her fingers as she stretched so much her back arched from the chair and her colossal chest bounced powerfully. "Still, I don't dislike missions like that once or twice." She added with a smile.

And the reason was obvious for anyone who knew the woman; it was the exact reason some of the more veteran taimanin prefer to slow down after a certain point. Rin cleared her throat, wondering if she should bring that up. She and Shiranui aren't exactly friends, more like friends of friends. Reiko was the one that was closer but now… she made her decision.

"How… How is Yukikaze?" Rin was glad she's managed to remember the name halfway through.

Her question had a… drastic effect on her leader, so much so Rin had to blink when she saw it. In a single moment, the Taimanin of the Crashing Waves went from her relaxed, casual posture to almost bouncing off the chair with excited energetic.

"She's adorable! I started her training, you know, she picked up fast, as I knew she would. Now she's stalking around the house trying to hide in tight spaces while following her dad around, and it so darn cute! Oh, how I struggle not to flip her up and hug her when she tries it on me, but its sooo worth it in the end when she preens at the dinner table and goes all 'Mama, I have bested you!', kyahhh! Her little smug smile and blushing cheeks make me explode each time!"

And just like that, her impressive, professional, controllably casual leader was gone, and what left with her place was an overly proud, broadly smiling mother who couldn't help but to prattle on and on about her daughter. She wouldn't look like she'd be out of place in a cafeteria, gossiping among friends, her naked state, and hypnotic bounce notwithstanding.

"T-…This one sees." Was all Rin could make out from the barrage.

"That reminds me, Rin-san!" The enthusiastic mother was suddenly on her feet, grasping one of Rin's hand.

"Ye… Yes?" She asked, not managed to look away from the shining magenta eyes.

"Could you please help Yuki-chan with her powers?"

… It took a second for her to process the request; it was not what she was expecting. "Her power is related to electricity?"

"She hasn't manifested yet, but a mother knows." Shiranui's smile turned a bit cheeky. "That, and she already fried two of those little handheld game of hers. I remember Reiko-chan commending something about you having—" She stopped suddenly, her mouth clapping together.

"It's alright..." Rin gave her a genuine smile to ease her worries. "This one would be honored to tutor your daughter, Shiranui-san, she'll do what I can to help."

"Rin-san…" The older woman shook her head, a different kind of smile present on her face. She transferred her hands to Rin's shoulders. "I'm glad to see you're doing better."

Doing better… That's right; things are more complicated so so much more complicated now… but she's doing better.

"I guess I found a reason to fight." She found herself saying.

Shiranui flinched, looking almost startled. "F-First person—"

Training and experience are what kicked in next. Two veterans Taimanin perceived a relevant change in the immediate environment, and they both simultaneously turned to the laptop screen. Seeing that the last Taimanin throw herself from the near-unconscious young man and was putting a show of a surprise, meek woman pulling the sheets over her naked form, at the edge of the screen, Rin could see the shape of two men moving.

"Trouble," Rin said unnecessarily.

Shiranui nodded with a note of cheerfulness. "So it seems we should get going then. Yoshida-san needs to be relocated."

"…Shiranui-san, please put your clothes on before you leave the room."

-0-0-0-​

They were standing on the rooftop of an office building. The hotel they'd just been through shining in the background. Mizuki Shiranui put a foot on the edge, leaning her body forwards and drawing a breath from Tokyo's thick urban air, her short brown hair blowing in the cutting wind.

"Little incident there at the end, but the client is safe, the main objective is complete, and we got a lot of useful information about this new political party and all their dirty business. That's a win in my book," She turned to look at her team with a smile. "Good work, girls."

"Yes!"/ "Yes!" Two nearly identical responses followed, Shiranui chuckled; they're both so formal.

"Alright, you know what to do, lay low, keep out of trouble, keep moving. I want the report delivered in due time."

Once again, she received affirmation, which she nodded to. Finally, she turned around and, with the barest flickers of her leg muscles, launched herself into the next building, where she neatly disappeared amidst the shadows of the night.

Rin relaxed some tension from her shoulders. The disbanding phase of a Taimanin mission— where each took off in different directions to different safe houses to avoid being followed— was associated with the passing of the most critical part of the mission in her head, so he allowed herself to wind down for a bit, and have her first real look at the last member of her team.

Igawa Asagi was her name, Taimanin Asagi, no epithet yet, the latest of an ancient and influential Taimanin family and daughter of another living legend on the caliber of Mizuki Shiranui. Rin had the honor of working with the girl's mother on a few occasions before her mysterious disappearance, and she could safely say the girl was her mother's spitting image, only younger and… less sure of herself.

The girl was looking at the distance; right hand on left arm, hugging herself close… no, that was not exactly it.

"Are you ok?" Rin asked, attracting a brief look of surprise.

"Yes, Uehara-senpai, thank you for your concern." She responded with a bow, but it was clear it wasn't everything. Rin could practically see the words unwillingly forcing their way out. "It's just… I…Um…"

"Was it the mission? Your role in it?"

The girl paused for a couple of seconds and then nodded.

"Do you want to talk about it?" Rin asked, already predicting the reason.

The girl curled over herself a tiny bit, her shoulders shaking, from the cold, or from the discomfort. Rin didn't know, but she wasn't surprised by what came next.

"I have a boyfriend." The girl admitted quietly.

One of the most common conflicts of a Taimanin— of a kunoichi in general. It had become much more prevalent nowadays, in modern times, as the women involved with the business aren't waiting for their retirement anymore, and can actually choose partners outside of a restricted pool. Rin lost count of how many times she was in this position, having this exact conversation.

Naturally, the response was at the tip of her tongue. It was easy, logical, and straightforward. She'd spoke variations of the same sentences many times in the past, most of the time, they were enough to comfort the girls, they were usually well trained enough that being reminded of their role was enough to drown any concerns, and if they weren't, then they learn to deal with it.

The words, arguments about the duty of a Taimanin, about the vows they took, gathered her throat… and refused to get out.

She… knows now, the difference between using her body for missions and…not for them. She never thought that sex, the carnal act she long since made into an art to entertain, and a weapon to use, could hold so much meaning that she…

… She couldn't bear the fact her body would have been used by that pig of a man of before. No, the thought of lying with any men other than her Aruji-sama formed a pit of revulsion inside her belly. She never felt anything like it; it was if she would be sullying something… precious.

Hypocrite, she thought, after so much time arguing the necessity and validity of their methods, she never once stopped to consider the other side.

The younger Taimanin didn't notice Rin's internal conflict; she just lowered her head to the side.

"I know what you're going to say, Uehara-senpai. That it is my duty, that it is what I've been trained for. I know it's all in the name of the Corps but—"

"…ious, you dumb bitch."

"Fuck…" The words erupted from Rin's mouth, and she bit down the rest before they could make their way out.

For a moment, there was only a shocked silence hanging between them.

"Senpai?"

"… We must strive to fulfill our duty, yes. But there are less obvious, sometimes more efficient ways to do that." Rin began, getting surer as she went on. "Take this mission, for example, the main objective was the protection of Yoshida Toranosuke during the party, but we did not need to seduce him to do so, or at least, did not need to do the act, with the right preparations he could have been placed in induced sleep, maybe even with a tailored carnal dream for effect. That way, it would have left you ready for any surprises. You might have even been able to intercept those corrupted humans before they entered the room. As it is, we managed to acquire information that might be useful in the future, but considering the size and influence of the party, it might be in the far future if it still holds up at all. So a tertiary objective at best." That was enough for most Taimanin; Rin had preached the same in the past. "There are more ways to go about a mission Taimanin Asagi. You must take them into consideration each time you are in the field."

The young woman considered these words, and Rin found herself doing the same, even though they came from her.

"Rin-senpai… Thank you." She looks down with a rueful smile, before glancing up again. She looked better, less tense. Rin was glad her improvised speech was of some help. "… It would be nice to know about that early, though." The girl muttered under her breath, but Rin heard it even over the wind.

The older Taimanin sighed.

"That said, we must still follow the leader's directive, and trying to argue against Mizuki Shiranui about the merit of seduction objectives is an exercise in futility, she is extremely fond of the tactic, a bit too much for her own good." To be fair, it's not without reason. Even thought they specialize in the annihilation of the demonic, Taimanin are remarkably adept in the art of seduction, even more so than the common kunoichi, so they usually get excellent results from it. Rin suspected it was something about the tendency Taimanin have to be more… shapely than most women, and she remembers Shiranui saying something along the lines of 'It'd be a waste not to use it!' once.

Asagi blushed, clearly having heard some stories herself. Shiranui's carnal escapades are just as famous as her battle prowess. Rin could only hope young Yukikaze grows up to have more sense. "Um, I don't get it. Doesn't she have a husband?"

Rin signed, that subject again. "There are three types of men in a relationship with a Taimanin; the ones that know full well what the role demand from them and accept it." Usually being Taimanin themselves. "The ones who know nothing, or don't know very much about it." Her lips tightened a bit at that. Aruji-sama… "And then, there is Shiranui's husband… Let's just say he likes to hear the details of what his wife gets up to."

"…O-Oh."

Once again, silence reined between the two women. But this time, it was broken by a giggle.

Rin's more sedated laughter joined the young woman's at some point. There was still a lot in their minds, and there was a lot left unsaid between them. But it did raise their spirits.

And for this moment, that was all they needed.

-0-0-0-​

Of course, the night, and technically the mission, hasn't ended yet.

It would only end when Rin got to the safehouse and hunkered down for a while as the dust settled. Granted, there isn't much dust to settle this time around, but Rin didn't get where she was by not being careful.

So that's why she was hopping from rooftop to rooftop across, blending into corners and shadows as she traveled in a seemly random route.

Rin was a picture of a professional Taimanin, stoic, beautiful, eyes scanning all they could see while deciding on invisible routes for her body to follow, absolutely picturesque.

Her thoughts, however, were a mess.

Without the mission or a companion to help her focus, she kept looking back on her performance on hotel, her conversations with Shiranui and Asagi, the way she acted…

Her heart raced more and more as she realized how she came off to them. What was she thinking!? Was she so unbalanced that she blatantly displayed her thoughts like that!? Apparently so, and not only to her long time comrade, who certainly noticed something amiss but also to an entirely new Taimanin she didn't even know! If Asagi so much whispered something to their superiors there would be an investigation, and Aruji-sama would…

Aruji-sama...

…It all came back to him, Ōe Hiroshi, the boy, no, the young man who crashed into her life and turned everything upside down. Rin wasn't stupid; she could see how their meeting and his continuous presence had affected her so much. It has been the worse period of her life, right out of a stream of increasingly disastrous missions that saw her pushing her abilities to the limit just to avoid the worst fate, having to face multiple punishments and the wider consequences of her failures afterward, all culminating in the sacrifice of someone she cared deeply about. In the end, she, a Taimanin with years under her belt suffered something she always thought herself too strong to go through, a complete mental breakdown.

It was almost poetic that she met him right on the day after it, waking up in his home no less.

Then, he saved her, pure and simple, she was ready to give up, almost relieved really, but he fought for her anyway, powering through chemicals that would incapacitate any unprepared civilian just to have a shot at saving her.

At that moment, she… woke up, was that the right expression? A spark of… purpose had lit up inside her breast, and weeks of spiraling depression that would certainly result in her death on her next mission were push back for it; she had to make Nerima safe for him, it was her responsibility.

Yet… by that time, she was already captivated.

She became invisible during the day, looking for clues where none would, yet her eyes followed him wherever he went, watching as he lent his help to everyone he met without discrimination or hesitation. She probed for rumors and information in the dark, and yet tales about his kind actions and how quickly he integrated himself in a close community came up just as frequently as suspicious places and odd disappearances. She watched him sleep at night and it became harder and harder to convince herself it was only for his protection.

And in the end, she…

She…

"Isn't it obvious? You dumb bitch."

Was in pieces again.

Is it any wonder then that she immediately scurried back to the closest thing she had to a pillar at that moment, the only thing in her life that made some semblance of sense? She wasn't thinking right. In fact, there wasn't any kind of rationality involved when she went to see him that night. She was just unnaturally hot, and tired, and emotional and… needing to be close to someone.

And he pulled her closer than anyone had and rebuilt her from the ground up, and he didn't even realize he'd done it.

For then on, her days were nothing but joy.

She hit the rooftop of her safe house, almost stumbling in her last step. She was unbalanced like never before, and she knew it. Her mission had brought her down to reality and forced her to confront what she was putting off all that time; her new life with her Aruji-sama is incompatible with her life as a Taimanin, she was certain of that now, tonight was nothing but proof of that, how could she perform well as a weapon of the Taimanin Corps if she wants to be wielded by another? Is the Corps even…

I-Is the Corps even…

The smell of blood, ozone, and unspeakable chemicals were thick in the air of the warehouse. Bloated bodies and scarred appendages littered the floor. In the middle of it all, a sinful row of naked women tied side by side in moaning, yipping heap as the rogue particles in the air stimulated their already over-stimulated bodies into new heights. They pumped their hips in the air, seeking to be filled, not even noticing the state of their captors.

On a throne of blades and welded metal, a monster of an orc sat; large, fat, powerful, before this night, he was a shining example of his race, now; his arms and legs hung cauterized by his sides, his barrel chest was crisscrossed with a tapestry of Lichtenberg scars and struggled to pull even the smallest of breaths, and his once-proud manhood now sat mutilated across the room.

Uehara Rin stood, panting above him. Her uniform hanging by strips, every cut and wound burning with unnatural poison, her core raging with the fires of a powerful, artificially created arousal that fought to overwhelm her very consciousness, yet she stood firm, keeping lighting blade humming against the creature neck. She had to know.

"I've closed every door, erased every trace, clouded every memory before I came to Nerima. No one but the council themselves knew my location. So tell me, monster, how did you find me?" She demanded.

The orc laughed a cruel, drawn-out, evil laughter of the ones that would curse as they fall. Then, he rasped out the words that would stick in her mind and gnaw at her thoughts in every moment of weakness from then on.

"Isn't it obvious? You dumb bitch."

Is the Taimaning Corps even worthy of her services?

She shook her head and tightened her mask of composure, striding across the empty corridor of the tiny building with a purpose she didn't feel. She didn't want to be here, she didn't want to write a report, or face whatever investigation Shiranui or Asagi would throw at her. She wanted to go back to Nerima, to the arms of her Aruji-sama, where her days are bright, simple, and so wonderfully fun. Her—

She stopped her hand in the process of turning the door handle. In a single moment, all her conflicted thoughts melded away to give place to combat instincts.

Her sword let out a quiet hum as the blade of concentrated lightning journeyed across the door. The low-quality wood came apart like a jigsaw puzzle as she bashed her body through it, her hand seizing the neck of the figure waiting for her inside and slamming them against the opposite wall.

It didn't even take a second.

"GA-H!" The figure let out a raspy gasp, their throat locked inside Rin's tight grip. "Guu- H-Hey, What gives— WUAH!" Was their reaction when they noticed the tip of Rin's lighting sword pointing straight at their nose. "Wait, Wait, Uncle, Uncle, Uncle! I give up! I give up! Don't kill meeee!!"

…

… It took all her experience to keep her composure. Rin was used to demons acting unexpectedly and even holding on tightly to their human disguises in moments of high stress in order to get a Taimanin to lower their guard. But it's the first time Rin saw one so… pathetic-looking.

The maybe-demon/definitely-home-invader was a woman of her age, wearing a dark, three pieces suit with a bright red tie. She wore her strawberry blonde hair in a braid that fell down her shoulders and her emerald green eyes were wide with fear due to the proximity of the sword. Now she was frantically apologizing and making excuses while her expression and mannerisms twisted and squirmed in an over-the-top, almost comical way. Some of her tears and snot dripped down to Rin's hand.

She didn't let go; she was a professional after all… but ew.

"Who are you!?" Rin hissed. Bringing the tip of her swords close to the woman's skin.

"I-err-you see-HIHHH, Scarylightsaber!!!" She jumped as a tiny arc of lightning shot from Rin's sword to the woman's cheek. "Alright, Alright! You win! You win! Little help here, boss? BOSS!?"

Rin frowned. If this woman thinks she would fall for such cheat trick she had another thing coming—

"Well, now."

Uehara Rin, a veteran taimanin known by her enemies and allies as the Sparkly Taimanin.

Froze.

"I told you she wouldn't like to find you inside her safehouse, my dear subordinate-sempai, no matter how 'epic' your dramatic appearance would have been. Ku ku ku."

"M-Mou! S-Stop calling me subordinate-sempai! M-My poor self esteem can't handle this kind of abuse, you know!?" The blonde woman whined.

Rin was… Rin was eighteen years old again; it was her second time leading a team of her own, and her first truly major mission. She tracked down a child trafficking route from Japan to its roots in Thailand's city of chaos, figured out the identity of the demon leading the operation, and mounted an attack.

When she and her team arrived at the facility… there wasn't a facility anymore.

And the demon, an enormous pit fiend… was weeping like a child.

Her lightning blade disappeared; she reversed her grip on her bladeless sword handle and struck the blonde woman on the side of her head, robbing her of consciousness. In the same movement, she twisted on her heels, her second sword handle going to her hand while she reactivated the blades and faced the new threat.

He was standing by the door, the lights of the corridor casting deep shadows over his form. A man of unremarkable height and unremarkable build, wearing the same three piece suit and tie as the blonde woman who now lay unconscious on the floor. Rin could see the outline of that distinct light blue hair that could only belong to one person and felt the intensity of the two shining dots that gleamed at her from the shadows.

"Ah, must you be so rough with my subordinate-sempai? It was just a harmless prank, you know?"

These eyes, this weight… There was no doubt about it.

"Ayasaki Hayate." She spoke the name of the man who once did the impossible and ruled the city of chaos, Roanapur itself, with iron firsts. "You're supposed to be dead."

"A common mistake, my dear, you are not the first one, nor will be the last one to make it. As you can see, I'm certainly not dead, I merely had an explosive job interview, and the rest of the world got confused." He shook his head softly as if reminiscing about a funny joke. "But let's not bore ourselves talking about me when you are the most interesting person in the room." He smiled. "You are a hard woman to find Uehara Rin-san."

Rin tightened her grip on her weapons, arc of lightning starting to spark around her.

"Why are you here, Azure Viper?" She quietly shifted on the sole of her left foot, solidifying her stance and loosing the hidden blade she keeps there, just in case. "If killing is your objective than this one assures you; she will not be a easy prey."

The mercenary cocked his head to the side, his shadowy features forming a broad, slithering smile that sent a chill down Rin's spine.

"Kill you? My dear, I'm not here to kill you."

"I'm here to recruit you."



A/N: Yo here is the dress I based Rin's dress on:

Spoiler

I'mma sleep now, about to pass out... Bye.
Last edited: Dec 28, 2023
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,093 others
Adudefromthesea
Sep 7, 2020
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 11, 2021
Add bookmark
#6,139
Oh God, it's alive.

I advise you to read back to refresh your memories, it's been a while.



Chapter 11 part 1





Today I made a wonderful discovery: there is something deeply satisfying in seeing someone trying to do something you effortlessly do every day and not only failing but ending up a sweaty, huffing mess for it. It's a delicious sense of amused superiority that creeps into your very soul, clearly the secret of all sadistic masters everywhere and perhaps the reason why Ranma likes training me so much.

I cast my gaze upon the wheezing mess of a human being and smiled the smile of a father watching his child taking their first steps.

"Come on, Haruka! Just two more kilometers!" I called out, reminding her how close we are to finishing… and how much she still needed to run.

Haruka's response wasn't anything coherent, something between a groan and an animal cry. I ignored it and continued to needle her to keep up.

Ah~ Nerima is absolutely beautiful today, clear blue skies, thin lines of clouds, happy chirps of morning birds, desperate huffing and puffing of cute tomboy kohai, simply exquisite!

We turned another corner of the quaint little urban area we were crossing, and Haruka promptly got splashed on her side. Her abused legs immediately gave out in face of the unexpected hit, making her crumble under the meager weight of a bucket of water.

The granny who was washing the sidewalk let out a dejected sign as her target failed to change genders.

"Oi Haruka." I dropped from the fence I was running on top off: much harder than it looked I'll tell you that. "Yer alive?" I asked, nudging her prone, tracksuit-clad form with my sneaker.

The girl let out a loud groan against the sidewalk in response. Seeing that, I squatted down to her level and turned her over so she didn't drown in the puddle or something.

"Aff… You know… That was… Aff Aff… That was mean, senpai… Aff…" She huffed, her face red and gleaming under the sun.

"Busted~" I couldn't help but smile at that. "When did you figure out I was leading you on?"

"Around… Aff… The halfway mark… Aff" She spends a couple of seconds getting her breathing under control before looking at me. "… Also, screw you senpai."

My smile got bigger, atta girl! "So! As you surely realized, you don't have to run as much tomorrow. Honestly, ten kilometers is crazy for a complete beginner; who the hell would be dumb enough to go along with it." She let out a long whine. "But yeah, everything I taught you today still valid, just not as intense. Now up! On your feet, girl! We gotta go."

And if she has any complaints about my borderline hazing ways to impart knowledge she can take it up with Ranma, he is the only teaching example I have and he is the master of the forgetting-your-student-has-human-limits way of teaching.

"Nooo… Tired…" The girl groaned; eyes set to the sky with a determination for not moving only seen in Snorlaxes blocking roads.

I shrugged. "Well, I was going to take you to Hanna Miller's and pay for a nice breakfast but if you're sure— Oh my! Look who is up and about, I thought you're too tired to move."

"I'm starving." My dear kohai mumbled, and I'm sure the busty waitresses with microskirts hadn't even crossed her mind, no sir! The bright blush on her cute cheeks is her thinking about sandwiches.

We set off at a more sedate rate, extra sedate when the thrill of ogling pretty waitress finally faded enough to remind Haruka that her legs were about to detach from her body.

It wasn't a problem, of course, as there is still plenty of time before my school start, and Haruka won't have to go to hers today. Both Haruka and I were used to waking up at ungodly hours; me, for my morning runs, and Haruka… because she wanted to be the first girl to the school school building or something, she gets really dodgy about the actual reason when asked so I don't want to press. Her unreasonable early record probably won't last now that she's joining me for my morning training, though.

I was glad for that, really, both for her company and for the excuse to have more time to keep an eye on her…

… There's been two incidents involving those Cardian Monsters now, and I do not like how they'd happened uncomfortably close to me nor how I don't have any lead on what they are and where they came from – Interrogating Minon yielded no results, and I hadn't had the time to pull out the catgirl yet. I knew this was something had to look into asap, but the lack of any meaningful leads or even a place to start looking makes keeping my guard up and wait the only option I can see for now.

Just hunkering down and focus on getting stronger isn't going to cut it though, Haruka and Kodachi had nearly paid the price for that. This world proved time and time again that it's a lot more complicated than Ranma ½, so I got to be prepared.

"That's a scary look you have there, senpai. What are you thinking about?"

"World domination."

"Heh, good one… It was a joke right, senpai?... P-please answer me senpai!"

The warmth of the sunlight was contrasting well with the chill of the wind, creating an absolutely perfect climate to be outdoors, and the vast senior population of this neighborhood was taking advantage of that fact to be out and about in greater number than usual. Everywhere we went shopkeepers and passerby's greeted Haruka with happy words and warm smiles, and to my surprise, I found myself on the receiving end of some of those greetings.

It was… nice, I guess, finally having the local community accepting my presence.

But alas, this being Nerima, and my life being my life, our peaceful walk didn't remain peaceful for very long.

"GAH!!!!" Cried out the middle-aged looking teenager as he crumbled dramatically near our feet. Neither Haruka nor I acknowledge his presence, as we were busy deadpanning at the all-out brawl happening in the middle of the street.

"You know." Haruka murmured, somehow making herself heard under the sounds of meaty crashes, curses, and yells, "I'd never even seen a real delinquent before I met you senpai."

…

"… I sincerely apologize for that." I replied with a bow before turning to deal with the mess.

Delinquents, delinquents, and more delinquents – it's always delinquents with me these days… That, or youkai, demons, hentai ninjas, weird monsters… Now that I think about it, what the fuck is wrong with my life?

Without even looking, I snatched another guy as he flew past me, holding him by his nape like a dog as I brought him to my level.

"Alright, who are you."

"Nii-san!" Hoh? A Viper guy! Color me surprised. "Nii-san there's been an attack!"

"You don't say."

"It's Ragnarok! They are here for you nii-san! But don't worry, we're got your back!"

"I feel safer already," I mumbled, practically dismissing the guy's existence while sweeping the area with my eyes, using the title tags above the crowd's heads to discern between Viper and Ragnarok from an otherwise near-identical mass of thug-looking teenagers.

New Quest: Enemy Beatdown Quest Number 38
Your little friends are in trouble! Do something about it!
Reward:
50 exp.
Increases closeness with the Vipers gang of middle school hooligans.
Failure:
Decrease closeness with the Vipers gang of middle school hooligans.
Pitiful amount of exp but hey, a quest is a quest.

What followed next was a massacre, plain and simple. This wasn't my first time fighting a crowd of enemies but it was my first time fighting a crowd while knowing how to properly fight. It was honestly scary what someone with the Gamer System can do after a week of martial art boot camp. I move from enemy to enemy like lighting, their next move so obvious that it might as well be glowing to my eyes like this was a video game, ironic as that statement may be. To say I made short work of them was the understatement of the century.

It was actually less brutal than my first group tussle, that time had me flailing around my bat on instinct and battle experience alone; it did the job bringing them down but it certainly bloodied them for it. Now that I knew where and how to strike, and could bring them down quicker and clearer, without blood or broken bones, and I didn't even need to touch my bat.

Another unconscious body hit the ground and the last tree standing Ragnarok members finally noticed my presence, along with their Vipers counterparts many of who were blinking dumbly by their sudden lack of opponents. I quickly move to finish the job before catching a blur of movement in the corner of my eye, my neck snapped to the side to lean away from the trajectory of the strike, the air booming slightly at my ear. My reaction kick was just as fast, taking a few strands of hair of my new opponent as he shifted into a hasty dodge and a hopping retreat.

"Scary, scary." He commented good-naturally, spitting the now broken blade of grass he held on his lips. His smile never faded. "So this is the man who sent Shinnosuke running to the mountains huh?"

I took a second to size him up. Tall, muscular with a focus on upper body strength, a bit older than me- I mean, older than my current biological age, deeply tanned skin, light blue hair tied in a short pony-tail, handsome features… Overall pretty normal looking if you disregard the odd color pattern he got going on, thus making him a normal-looking delinquent, so important by default.

His name, though.

Takeda Ikki
Takeda the Puncher
Level: 17

… I swear to god I heard that name before, in fact, his appearance coupled with his name made my eyebrow twitch in frustration. I know him from somewhere, but I never meet him before in my entire life, I'm pretty my subconscious was trying to tell me about something but I put a pin on it …

Ah fuck, he's some anime character, isn't he? Must be. Maybe a mirror character from Ranma or Taimanin, or from another setting I haven't discovered yet, because that's practically a pattern at this point.

"So you're the leader?" Damn punk with his cheese dramatic entrance. "About time you joined in, already beat most of your goons."

"Oh no no no." He waved his right hand in a lazy placating gesture; his left remained in his pocket. "I'm not here to fight you see, I'm just here to deliver a message."

"Eh~ that's a pretty good punch for someone 'just delivering a message'."

His relaxed grin got a little bigger. "Haha, that was just a little friendly greeting."

The balls on this motherfucker.

"Right then, I'll humor you, say your piece."

He stared at me for another moment before, to my surprise, folded his right arm against his chest and gave me a short bow.

"Ōe Hiroshi, The Dandy Bat." I winced at the nickname. Goddamn it. "I, Takeda Ikki, representative of the Kisara's unit of Ragnarok came here today to proudly offer you a position within our group."

This again? I tsked. "That shaggy hair whatshisface already said the same thing what makes you think my answer will change?"

"Shinnosuke was acting completely on this own." The Takeda guy smiled – God, where the fuck do I know him!? It's driving me crazy! "This is different, this is an official Ragnarok offer, approved by people pretty high up you know."

"I don't see why I should care."

"You should." The guy continued. "Ragnarok is extending an arm even after so many insults, unprecedented, really, and a little impressive." He brought another blade of grass he took from god knows where to his mouth. "You really should accept it you know, further insults will not be tolerated."

Uuuu, scary, I try to not roll my eyes. Really, after all those yokai and monsters a gang of delinquent is more of an annoyance than a threat.

"I hear ya, here is my answer."

It was obvious that Takeda was expecting another attack… so I made sure I moved at a speed that would wake his arrogant ass up. The result was his eyes funnily bugging out in surprise and his single arm guard barely managed to block my Spartan kick.

It made little difference as I could feel his arm slamming against his chest and his body being propelled backward, his feet tracing a pretty neat line on the ground for a few meters.

He proved he has at least some skill by not falling on his ass after that.

"Got it? I can answer it again if you want more clarification." I said, wiggling my still raised foot.

"Haha, how violent…" The guy tried to laugh it off but I could see the effect of my blow as he shook his arm.

Still wasn't using his other one huh? A hidden weapon? No, it didn't even twitch at my surprise kick. Recovering injury, perhaps?

"Hehehe! You tell'im nii-san!"

"Betcha ya didn't expect that, Trashnarok!"

"Ha Ha, he went flying, holy crap! Did you see that!"

Oh, forgot about the Viper guys, most were still standing now that their opponents suffered a sudden case of me. They've been strangely silent since Takeda guy announced himself but now had apparently lost their fear and were actively surrounding him.

The Takeda guy for his part, swept his eyes over the group of giggling delinquents slowly closing in, before looking at me. He wasn't smiling anymore.

"Hey man, you're the one who put yourself in this situation," I said with a shrug.

"It appears so…" He munched on the blade of grass on his mouth for a few seconds before smiling once again. "How about a deal?"

Trying to talk your way out, huh?

"Let's hear it."

"… Ragnarok's objective is to become the strongest gang in Tokyo, which means dominating every region… But Nerima isn't a focus right now."

"But it will be if one of a high-rank members turn up broken and bruised and with his dignity not so intact." I finished for him, taking the opportunity to needle him a little.

He narrowed his eyes a little bit but shrugged. "I can put in a good word, make sure your… answer… is delivered a little later, it could buy you a couple of weeks."

Shit proposition to be honest. Why the hell would I trust him to keep his word? Fuck, the motherfucker comes to my neighborhood, starts a fight, pulls a shitty Bond villain move by spying on the sidelines to gauge my strength, then try to sneak attack me while I was distracted. Yeah, he doesn't exactly give an impression of a trustworthy fellow.

And why the hell would I even want to play delinquent politics? these are fucking delinquents; a bunch of teenagers larping gang warfare, honestly, I outgrew the need to worry about them, unless they got a Ranma-level martial artist in their ranks or something, and those don't exactly grow on trees... wait a second…

Is that Misako-san from the flower shop around the corner? I looked over the Ragnarok goon's shoulder and yeah it is. Why is she hiding up there and why does she looks… scared…

…

…Fuck.

Fuck, what am I doing?

Nerima is a quiet neighborhood, I don't know if this will stay true considering that Ranma lives here, but right now it is a quiet neighborhood, this area in particular is where a lot of elderly people live.

And look at me, together with fifteen something thug-looking teenagers about to gang up on a single guy. The early fight was one thing; I stopped it to keep it from escalating, but now… It just…

I breathe out, relaxing my stance. "Alright, deal, a few weeks without annoyances. Go."

"Haha! You heard it, bitch! Prepare to… Wait what?"

The mocking laughter of the nearby delinquents slowly died out as they digested my words being replaced by confusing mumbling. Even the Takeda guy seems to double-take, blinking at me with wide eyes and a stupid expression.

Seriously? Did they think I was going to… I was giving up the image, wasn't I?

"… Are you deaf, bastard!? I said go!"

It was all incentive Takeda needed as he promptly backtracked out of the circle of delinquents who were too stunned to stop him. For a guy who tried to enter a fight in the most dramatic way possible he was quick to scurry off when the opportunity called.

I took solace in the fact he'll definitely be feeling that arm tomorrow, fucker.

Quest completed:
+ 50 exp
Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.

Yeah, Yeah…

"Are you alright, sempai?" Hakura appeared by my side, her finger curling over my sleeve in solidarity.

"Yeah, why?"

"… You looked a little bit…" The girl trails off before shaking her head and looking in the direction Takeda guy fled to. "Are you sure that was wise?"

"No," I answered immediately. "It's just…" I mused over trying to find the right words before scratching my gelled hair in annoyance. Mind as well be honest. "It just didn't feel right at the end there, you know."

"… I think I do actually." She nodded, looking up at me with a smile. "Good work sempai."

Hum, that actually made me feel a bit better.

"UOAWWWW!" One of the delinquents suddenly cried out, startling pretty much everybody. "I got it! Nii-san was sending a message! Like, 'Yo yo, look fuckers! Only one of your dudes came back, don't mess with us, punks!'"

There was a beat of silence where nobody spoke.

And then every delinquent in the street pumped their fists in the air and cried out like a butch of fucking monkeys.

"I see, I see!!"

"As expected from Nii-san!!"

"Dandy Bat, forever!!!"

"Freaking Savage! HAHA!!!"

Fucking. Monkeys.

"Nii-san! Nee-san!" One of the delinquents approached; from the taller stature and higher amount of bling I reckon he must be the leader…. And I found myself blinking as I kind of recognized his generic thirty-year-old-looking face. "It's good to see you again!"

"You're… Touji, right?" I said, recalling the delinquent I met all those days ago, around the same time as I met Haruka actually.

The girl at my side let out a noise of recognition as it dawned on her too.

"Yes!" Wait a second, is this guy crying? "Nii-san… You…. You did it!" Holy crap, he is crying! "You made the wicked Kuno Kodachi confess! She's been banned from the sport!! Ohhh, My Little sister is avenged!" His tears gushed out, and he bowed almost 90 degrees. "Thank you very much!"

Wait what?

Quest completed:
+ 1.000 exp
Your closeness with the Viper's gang of middle school hooligans has increased.
Your closeness with Sakamoto Touji has vastly increased.
You have been noticed by the Underground world of the Rhythmic Gymnastics Martial art.
Hold on, there was a quest!? When!? What!? Why!? The Fuck is the Underground world of Rhythmic Gymnastics Martial art!? And Kodachi confessed!!?

What!?

Fucking… and he is still bowing.

"Look hm… it's alright, you can stand—."

"That's not all, nii-san!" He comes up already shouting. "We told everybody what you've done, how much you helped us, and how you stand up to those Ragnarok fuckers! Aniki was moved to tears!" He brought a trembling fist close to his face while his emotions continued to overflow, a gesture so shounen it hurts. "Selfless actions like that should-no must be rewarded!"

He whipped around, waving his arm to… the group of Vipers delinquents, who had suddenly lined up behind him.

"Nii-san, I introduce to you to Nagato, The Firepunch! Takato, The Snake, Gorijo, The Nutcracker…" He continued on listing names and titles that sounded cheesy as hell, each time the respective delinquent would grunt and strike a pose like a Jojo character.

"And finally me, Sakamoto Touji-sama, The Peddler!" He finished with a fierce grin. "Together we are the Touji-sama's corp of the Viper, no, previously of the Vipers! Ōe Hiroshi-nii-san, please let us follow you!"

…

…

Whut?

"… Well, at least they are… enthusiastic." Haruka commented slowly, and then she gave me a look.

What? What's that look, woman? It isn't my fault! No, I certainly didn't plan this!... I sincerely apologize for bringing delinquent trouble to your life.

"O.k.!" I said deliberately chirpy, preparing to launch the biggest 'fuck no!' of my life; let me tell you, it was going to be an exclamation for the ages.

Then… I had an idea.

And my mind latched on this terrible idea and wouldn't fucking let go.

… Delinquents are an annoyance; Ragnarok is a bigger annoyance and had the potential to become trouble. While they are not as bad as monsters and magic they are going to come for me eventually, sooner rather than later if that blue-haired punk doesn't keep his part of the deal.

I can deal with it; Ranma can deal with it, but Haruka? The community around me? They know about my relationship with Haruka, what if they struck at her before she could defend herself, what if they decide to make some examples; I don't really know how brutal they really are, so this is a possibility.

In that case, it… might be a good idea to have a buffer in case they come, someone to keep an eye on things, that are at least capable of holding on until I get there, or report to me if something happens.

… And a group of delinquents who don't like them, are familiar with their moves, and are looking at me like adoring puppies would be perfect for the job.

Am I really doing this?

Oh god, I'm really doing this.

"Firstly!" I declared, my voice booming across the streets. "That! You will take care of that!" I pointed at the fallen Ragnarok members.

"Hum, what should we do?" One of the guys asked.

"Don't know, take them to Delinquent Valhalla or something, I don't really care. Secondly!" My voice boomed again. My finger imperiously landing on the trail of cigarette butts, porn mags, empty soda cans, and general filth every delinquent seems to produce when they stay in the same place for more than five minutes. "Clean that up."

"…Whattt" Another one murmured breathlessly, like I just broke his entire worldview.

"Clean. That. Up. Oh!" I briefly turned around and snatched a bucket of white paint from a smiling Misako-san before pushing it to Touji. "And you will erase that graffiti on the wall, so help me god."

"And while we are at it..." I continued, bringing up my quest log because why not.

I actually get a stupid amount of quests during my morning runs, like, wayyy more than I can handle; every single little thing that happens seems to produce one. Unfortunately, because of time constraints and, frankly, experience value, I have to be very selective in what I choose to do.

Now though.

"Right, so, Maeda-san's son injured his back so she gonna need help manning her store about two blocks down from there on the right. The animal shelter three blocks up there in the 13th needs someone to walk the dogs. Kaminaga-san's house right there needs someone to fix the roof otherwise it will break during this week's storm. Ouchia-san's café on the 47th could use a hand today, their waitress called in sick. Watanabe's needs help with her garden at the 22th near the park. Also, while you're in the park clean up the trash those damn American tourists left there yesterday and wake up any passed out salaryman you find along the way, the Akukin Kensetsu landed a big contract yesterday so they must have partied too hard. Also, go to the market street and see if anyone needs help opening up, there is usually something happening over there. Oh, and have two of the tougher looking guys accompany the Haruyamas' kid to school today, he's been having a little bully problem and I want to see if I can scare them off before getting further involved, they live in the intersection between the 13th and the market street by the way. If you need directions just ask around, tell them I sent you."

Touji just stared at me blankly.

"What? did I fucking stutter!? MOVE dipshits!!!"

"Y-Y-YES ANIKI!!!"

And so they went, some running off across the street to the multiple tasks I laid out, some starting to collect fallen Ragnarok members, and one looking between the graffiti and the bucket of white like he was experiencing bizarro world.

Well, at least they are obeying.

I sighed.

This is it, I guess, my own gang of delinquents. Crap, it means I can't deny it anymore, I'm… I'm a delinquent.

Oh God, Ranma will never live that down.

I shook my head. Right, in the grand scene this isn't important, right now. What I have to focus is… the reunion at the Temple, it's today, I need to see if they can do something about Ranma's curse, and I also want to consult them about those Cardian monsters, and maybe get some contacts in the magic world, I really need a teacher.

One thing at the time, first, breakfast.

"Let's get going Haruka, it's getting pretty late, but I think we can beat the morning rush if we…"

Haruka was looking at me with a… paralyzed, unreadable expression. It honestly worried me a little bit; I don't think I ever saw her like this.

"Hum, What? What's wrong? Was it something I say?"

My worries increased tenfold when she bumped her forehead against my shoulders and started shaking. Only to disappear completely when I heard the giggles.

Lots and lots of loud, uncontrollable giggles.

Well, at least somebody is having fun, I suppose.



A/n: I'mma trying to claw my way from the violent slump I fond myself into hope I haven't lost my edge.

P.s: Sorry for the lack of Ranma, if it serves as a consolation the next parts of this chapter might as well be called Ranma and Hiroshi's bizzare adventure with the amount interactions I planned out.
Last edited: Feb 14, 2021
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Jul10, DeltaRyuujin, Sidrakil and 1,521 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 11, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Mar 6, 2021
Add bookmark
#6,801
For now on I'll only set a deadline when the chapter finished and the only thing left is the revision.

This bitch grew and grew uncontrollably, I thought I had it ready the start if this week but nope, the muse demands rewrites and I'm a slave to her whims. This was easily the hardest chapter to write to date, and the one I rewrote the most in all my stories.


Chapter 11 part 2







Today was a very interesting day in Furinkan High, one full of confusion, property damage, and escalating stupidity.

Why? Because Akane brought 'P-chan' to school and Ranma, who was already pissed at the entire situation, got even more pissed when all the girls of our class started fawning over him and passing him around from chest to chest, the eventual end-result was a chase sequence that would make Hanna Barbera proud.

Chaos ensued like it normally did; Kuno and Sasuke managed to get involved somehow but were quickly beaten back, Ranma got labeled a pervert for invading the girls' locker room, Akane got angry at him for assaulting her new pet, P-chan alternated between looking smug, amused, and incredibly moody, the teachers mysteriously disappeared like always, and I bore witness to all with horrified fascination.

It was like watching the plot of a Ranma ½ episode coming to life, in fact, I'm pretty sure it was exactly that. This marks the first time my mind made the connection of the events happening in real life to an actual episode of the show, and it was fucking weird.

Anyway, by the end of it all, Ranma was left angry, annoyed, and unsatisfied, him and Akane not on speaking terms, and P-chan wandered away to god-knows-where. My martial artist friend was about to follow after Akame to make his displeasure known, but I pulled him to the side and reminded him about our appointment. He brightened up considerably after that.

Though, not enough to not bitch about Akane for the entirety of the long, lonnng trip.

"And did you hear what she said to me at the end!" Ranma's voice resonated across the familiar park. We're near the entrance to the Temple now. "'He may be a pig but he got more manners than you!' Bah! Who does she think she is, that uncute tomboy!? I was trying to help her!"

Yeah, but you suck at giving context Ranma, just like you failed to give me any for this conversation. The only reason I'm following it at all is because of my metaknowledge. Not that I would've mind too much if that wasn't the case, sometimes you just gotta listen to your mate's rant.

Ranma had deflected a bit after that, his complaints finally starting to run out. At that, I saw the opportunity to bring out something we must talk about.

"So, Ryoga is a pig."

The pigtailed martial artist nearly tripped.

"How!?"

"Dude, you were literally screaming his name while you chased him around. Plus, I was watching your confrontation near the football pitch. He transformed into a pig when the irrigation system turned on." I shrugged, then decided to take a small risk. "I'm guessing he has a Jusenkyo curse too."

This made Ranma stop on his tracks, "And how did you figured that out?"

"Hey, your curse is the only water-based curse I know off, and he transformed under the exact same mechanic. So I took a guess, and your reaction just told me I'm right." I explained. God, I'm really glad I've been preparing for this exact conversation ever since Ryoga first showed up. "Ranma, the hell's happening?"

My friend stared at me intensely for a few seconds, his hesitation honestly surprising me. I didn't think he would be so skittish about Ryoga's curse, I mean, yeah, Ranma was pretty prickly when it to the subject of curses, but he had relaxed a lot after he saw I wasn't going to make a big deal about his. To see him so guarded… I guess it's a reminder that while he may be able to deal with it better, it's still a sensitive topic.

Still don't get why it's for Ryoga's curse though.

After what felt like a full minute, he let out a sigh and gesture at one of Japan's Wild Vending Machines on the side, I'm half convinced those things pop out from the ground when we're not looking. "Let's get some drinks."

And with that, Ranma told me about the previous night's events, including the half-tragic, half-stupid events that lead to Ryoga's current condition. It went pretty much as I remember it; Ranma goes to China, Ryoga - salty because of their missing duel - follows after him, reach Junsekyo somehow, gets accidentally kneeled in the face by girl Ranma, ends up in a cursed spring, almost get eaten by the Genma and the Jusenkyo guide, been suffering through misfortune after misfortune since. It's a bit interesting hearing about it rather than seeing it as a flashback.

"That's rough, buddy," I commented idly, taking another gulp of the mysterious coffee-flavored beverage the vending machine had coughed at me.

"Yeah." Ranma nodded, he was way more invested in the story than me, in fact, he looked downright sympathetic. "Hell, I knew the guy is stubborn, but to chase me all the way to China..."

I leaned forwards a bit, twirling the aluminum can over my fingers before flinging it to the nearest trash bin. "Ok, but there is still one thing that doesn't make sense to me. Why the hell were you so angry with the guy today? I've never seen you that angry with anyone before." I asked, subtly leading the conversation to where I want it to go.

The reminder of Ryoga's previous actions was enough to rekindle Ranma's anger, his own drink exploding in his grip.

"That bastard took advantage of his pig form! He used it to sleep in Akane's bed last night!"

And there it is.

My memories of the anime are not the best, but I remember this being one of the shittiest things Ryoga has done. Not the worst I'm sure, but the fact it happened so frequently and that he was fully consciously what he was doing only aggravates the situation.

We are not there yet; this was the first time this happened. It still better to nip this one out of the bud, or at least clear Ranma and mine's asses for when it inevitably blows up.

I made my face twitch, and my body tense as if I was surprised. It wasn't perfect acting but it didn't have to be, Ranma was more focused on his anger than my reaction, I just needed enough to fool in his peripheral vision.

Where is my acting skill damn it, I deserve it!

"That's a shitty thing to do." I started with the obvious and watched Ranma firmly nod in agreement. "And you need to tell Akane."

This statement seems to have cut through Ranma's angry thoughts; he visibly winced. I raised my eyebrow at the display, genuinely confused.

"Ok, you clearly didn't like that. What's wrong? Did you promise him you would keep his curse a secret or something?" I remember this happening in some fanfictions I read, can't remember if it's true or not.

Ranma shook his head. So not true. "It's just… Look, it's my fault that he's like that..."

…The hell?

What kind of stupid martyr complex bullshit was that? Fuck this.

"Not it isn't, stupid."

Ranma's face twisted into a frown.

"If I hadn't kicked him, he wouldn't have been cursed."

"If he hadn't followed you to China, he wouldn't have been cursed. If he had shown up for your duel, he wouldn't have been cursed. We can shift the blame around all day." I rolled my eyes at this idiocy. "You can't control other people's actions Ranma, and you're not responsible for their stupid mistakes. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise, not even yourself."

Honestly, He could have avoided a lot of bullshit he went through in the anime if he didn't let people blame him for shit that wasn't his fault and actually let them suffer the consequences of their own action.

He stared at me for a second before slumping down, letting out a breath, and tsking his tongue. "What? You're a poet now?" He shook his head. "Doesn't matter, he still has a curse, and that's… It sucks Hiroshi, it really does. If it was me I wouldn't want this being spread around on my back."

I can understand that. But. "You're ignoring the context Ranma. You're not telling Akane just because. You're telling her because he took advantage of his curse to sleep with her. That's sexual harassment at the very least." I could see Ranma go stiff with tension. Oh yeah, I bet he hadn't thought it like that. When you put context into words it makes them sound more serious, more powerful. "She deserves to know, man. If only to avoid committing the same mistake twice, in case Ryoga is the type of guy who'd do it again." And he totally is. "Also, if you don't tell her, Akane might get pissed at you when she finds out — and she will find out someday, this is not something that stays hidden forever."

Ranma silently considered my words for a while. Then, he slowly exhaled the breath had pulled in, his fist unclenching. "… Alright, damn it, alright, I'll tell her."

I smiled and nodded, feeling relieved I was able to get through his thick skull before the situation escalated.

It was only when we were getting ready to continue our way that I noticed my mistake.

"Ah shit. I was wrong."

"What?"

"I kept saying you had to tell her and shit, but I didn't consider my own responsibility." I kicked a small pebble in annoyance. "You told me about it, so I now going to be complacent if I don't say anything. Ergo it's not 'you have to tell her' it's 'we have to tell her'."

Ranma sent me a strange look, but he still grinned. "Dude, that shit doesn't matter, lets just go already."

"It matters to me!" I complained as I walked. Bitch, for how long do you think I practiced that speech? I wanted to get it perfectly!

-0-0-0-​

The stairs leading to the entrance of the temple were not far from where we made our stop. The white slabs of pristine brickwork going up the foot of a mount gleamed under the afternoon light. Large Torii gates framed the ascent, their bright red coloration contrasting beautifully with the greenery of the surroundings. Looking up from the base, we could barely see the top, the last Torii gate larger than the other loomed against the sky, it signified entrance into the sacred ground and the passage to what I knew was an equally magnific view.

I hadn't had the time to admire this the last time around, with the whole nighttime monster attack thing, but now that I wasn't in a hurry I could give the place the attention it was due. Even with Ranma fidgeting and muttering under his breath beside me, his nerves finally catching up now we were on the brink of our destination, it was still an experience.

One thing I noticed that was different than the last time was the feeling of the place, not the ambient feeling, but the supernatural, spiritual feeling in the air. Before, it was like immersing myself into an ocean, the air so heavy it leveled up my detection skill just by being close, with the temple above serving as a lighthouse, or a beacon for the said energy. Now it was… not faded, but muted, light and subtle rather than heavy and overwhelming.

But it was still there, and it still grew as we made our way up the stairs.

You have entered the area of influence of the Temple of The Heavenly Oni; all good alignment creatures are blessed while inside its boundaries.

You received the Blessing of the Heavenly Oni!
+ 3 to all attributes.
+ 20% to Hp and Mp regeneration
Oh yeah, there was also that thing.

"Che!" At Ranma's annoyed sound, I looked up from the blue screen. "Tourists."

He… he was right. The Temple's courtyard was much livelier than before. While not on the level of a true tourist attraction, which could draw people by the thousands on a good day, the place was full of families, group of friends, general temples visitors, and a healthy staff of Mikos keeping order, going about their duties… and selling souvenirs.

"I should have expected that, for a temple of this size," I commented.

Ranma shrugged, then he squared off his shoulders and took a resoluted step forward. "Let's go."

I smiled, making to walk behind him as we made our way across…

"… Hold on." I said, stopping on my tracks and causing Ranma to pause too.

"What?" He asked.

"There is something…" I squinted my eyes at the temple in the distance. There was something weird about it, but I couldn't place my finger on what. It looked like the same looming, magnific building that could probably double as a castle that I've seen on my last visit, but the feeling it gave off…

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Ah, Gamer System for the win once more! With my sharper senses I could easily discern the differences in the impressions I was getting. Of course, it was different from before, that time I was feeling the raw power of the temple, right after the Cardian Minon destroyed the barrier-like dome we're in the process of stepping over.

"What we're seeing is not the real temple, if we go this way we won't reach it," I said confidently.

Ranma frowned. "Which way, then?"

"Well, keep in mind I'm going more by feeling than anything else but I think—"

You have gained the Heavenly Oni's undivided attention.

I choked mid-sentence at the appearance of the screen. What the fuck, who the fuck is that!? What the hell did I do!?

"Oi Hiroshi," Ranma called. I turned to see him looking to the side… There was a Miko running towards us.

"A thousand apologies honorable guests!" She was a petite woman this one, orange-hair, freckled face, somewhere in her twenties. She gave us a deep bow. "I'm Seto Hinata, Seishuuin-sama sent me to guide you to the temple, but there was an emergency with a lost child and I couldn't meet you at the gates. Unforgivable!"

Seeing the woman's harmless stance, Ranma relaxed. "Eh, it's ok lady, you can get us to the place right?"

While Ranma talked to her, I was… focused on something else entirely.

Blood Golem
Level: 10

There was no 'Seto Hinata' in her nametag, in fact, she had the nametag was displayed like a monster's.

This woman isn't human.

What does that mean!? Ambush? Trap? If so, then how is she walking over the temple's protecting barrier, why isn't it reacting to her? And she said she's there to show us the way to the entrance of the temple, that Seishuuin Shiori, the head Miko of this place herself sent her. Is she lying? Is she telling the truth?

There is a possibility for both, and not enough information to make a conclusion.

"Hiroshi?" Ranma called. "You're coming?"

I made my decision; I'll go along with it for now. The thought of attacking her in public and completely unprovoked leaves a bitter taste in my mouth anyway. And I'm pretty sure I saw her among the Miko fighting the Cardian Minon last time around, that hair is pretty distinctive.

"Yeah, sorry," I said, moving to join them. Thankfully, Ranma and I fought together enough times that he could tell my guard was up, so he raised his own as well.

The Miko took us to a path that circled around the building; it looked like it was designed to be used by tourist so fairly pretty but not very unique: there were wood walkways, with running water underneath, stone formations, decoration disguised as nature, some strategically placed benches for resting, and overall places that just begged for someone to stop and take pictures.

That's why it was so weird when we made some specific turns around the path, and all that artificial appeal slowly gave away to something breathtakingly beautiful.

The sound of distant conversations faded, replaced by the steady flow of running water and rustling leaves. The air cleaned suddenly, going from the usual Tokyo flare to the fresh lightness not unlike that of the countryside. The construction around us seems to grow older yet at the same time, it gained a vibrancy that went beyond a fresh coat of paint. Nature closed in, true nature this time, the temple grounds changing from something that uses nature to something built around nature, at each turn becoming more harmonious. The feeling of power grew and grew.

Ranma looked around confusedly, I didn't know if he's actually feeling anything but it was impossible for him to not notice the changes. The Blood Golem disguised as a Miko was making small talk to entertain us; she was explaining a bit about the barrier and how you needed to take specific routes to get to the real temple but I wasn't paying attention, too lost feeling the energies.

Yeah, I hadn't noticed this the last time, but this is definitely a place of power.

Space certainly distorted along our way, or this was how it actually was all along and we're only noticing now. We arrive at the exact same place we'd started, at the courtyards in the front of the temple; but there were no visitors now, only Miko and Priests positioned in an honorable greeting formation.

The Temple stood before us, heavier, larger, and more majestic than before, the elevation of the ground also seems to spread further; a mighty mountain rather than a mount.

Our Miko guide stepped forwards to stand beside the entrance. She bowed to us three times and the gesture was mirrored by some of the procession, it was clear this was a ceremonial greeting.

"You're ready?" I asked Ranma at my side. He nodded.

"Let's go."

-0-0-0-
​
"Welcome to Miraidochi-ji." Shiori greeted us with a deep bow. It hadn't been that long since I last saw her but her looks once again gave me pause; it wasn't every day you come face to face with a woman this beautiful, and with a voluptuousness rivaling that of Rin's.

She was dressed in a traditional Miko outfit but with some subtle embellishments to show her rank, and she was accompanied by six other women that I assume were high-ranking Miko like her. They all mirrored her greeting. "It's good to see you in good health, Ōe Hiroshi-san." She finished with a dazzling smile.

"Thank you. It's good to see you again." I said, a bit embarrassed. My eyes sweeping around the retinue of Miko that sat all around the tatami room. They are all blood golems, levels ranging from 10 to 12.

That made me relax a little bit; no way Shiori would have missed them if they weren't supposed to be here.

"You didn't have to arrange all of that, you know."

That meaning the treatment we got since we entered this castle-like temple. We've been, quite literally, clothed, cleaned, bathed, and just now finished a virtual feast before finally meeting Shiori. I've been expecting many things but the five-star-inn experience caught me by surprise.

Ranma had whined a bit, no doubt wanting to skip to the cure part, but he settled once he realized there would be food.

"Nonsense! You're our guest of honor, it's only natural."

"If you say so, Shiori-san." Should I take that as it is, or should I consider what it looked like, an attempt to stall us… Would that be too paranoid?

"Now then," She clasped her hands together. "Shall we move to the matter at hand?"

"Yes." Good, Ranma's starting to look a tad twitchy. I turned slightly towards him, careful to not break my formal kneeling stance. "Shiori-san, this is my friend Saotome Ranma, the one with the curse I wish to use my boon to hopefully cure. Ranma this is Seishuuin Shiori, I told you about her."

"… Nice to me you." He added stiffly, needing a second to remember his manners.

"Ara?" Shiori placed her hand on her cheek and softly tilted her head. "Sao...tome Ranma-san, right? My, that's a very distinctive name, I wonder… Could you be the son of Saotome Genma?" She asked with a kind, innocent smile…

A very kind, very innocent smile. A too kind, too innocent smile—

Oh fuck!

"You're mistaken ma'am, my father's name is Saotome Genjirō."

"I see, silly me."

It took all my effort to hide my incredulity. Ranma lied as naturally as he breathed.

Crisis averted for now, but it's still a fucking crisis! Fucking hell! What the fuck did Genma do!? How the fuck does she know him? From Where!? Why!? Oh god, I hope Ranma isn't engaged to Ena or something.

Shiori turned her attention back to me and then bowed softly.

"I must apologize to you Ōe-san. I should have asked for more details about the curse at our last meeting, but I was too distracted by circumstances. It was unprofessional of me."

I shifted awkwardly on my knees, suddenly remembering what exactly these 'circumstances' were. "It's perfectly fine." I tried to keep my voice even.

She nodded, turning to Ranma. "Saoto-ghu!" …Did she just… bit her tongue in disgust? "… Ranma-san, I must apologize to you as well, the lack of information has made preparations very difficult. We will need to consult with you about the curse before we try anything."

"It's fine, I just want to get rid of it."

She nodded once again, a smile blossoming on her pretty face. "As promised I was able to acquire the services of one of Japan's foremost specialists in the subject." Ranma actually blinked at this, he sent me a surprised look. What? He didn't know he was getting a specialist. Shiori waveed her hand to the side, adding a soft; "Please."

Two of the Miko sitting around the room swiftly turned around and pulled the large slide doors open, because of course they would be specifically positioned to show off. Half the point of Japanese formal manners is performance.

The door opens to reveal two individuals, one of which was scratching the back of their neck in embarrassment.

"Haaha, Shiori-san 'one of japan's foremost specialists' is a bit too much…"

…

… Not gonna lie, I'm a bit disappointed.

I was expecting someone equal to Shiori, like, with a heavy tangible aura of power and a distinctive presence, or at least one whose level was too high for me to see. Instead, what I see was a fairly normal-looking guy in his early twenties dressed in a Buddhist monk uniform; he didn't even look like a monk! If you told me this was a college dude in a monk cosplay I would've believed you. His companion was far more interesting, if only because she was a very attractive red-haired woman. She was dressed in a black and white outfit similar to that of a Miko's but not quite; the clothes fitted her much better than they did on the guy, she actually looked respectable.

Satonaka Ikkou
The Head-monk of the Saienji Temple
Level: 50

Nanbu Chitose
The Scarlet Nun of the Saienji Temple
Level: 47

Their titles weren't all that impressive either, and even if their levels are high, I have the feeling they are more like the 'mundane high' of someone who is skilled in a particular area, rather than powerful in general, like Tofu-sensei.

I tried to hold on to the fact that they are recommended by Shiori and try to not let my disappointment show in my face. The Poker Face skill was my friend there.

"This is Satonaka Ikkou of the esteem Saienji Temple, and his aide Nanbu Chitose." Shiori introduced the two while they stepped inside.

"A Buddhist monk in a Shinto temple…" Ranma questioned, making a face.

"It's weird right! That was what I was saying- Gihh!"

… T-The red-haired nun just kicked the guy in the balls, making him crumble to the floor with a comical cry. Ranma choked a laughter at the scene.

"Ikkou, don't be so overly informal! It's rude!!" Said the girl who just burst a man's balls out of nowhere.

What the fuck?

"G-Gah C-Chitose, s-so you're still mad about this morning, I told you I didn't know it was your panties!"

"You shouldn't have been looking for it in the first place, pervert!"

"Are you telling me not treasure hunt when in a new place!? It's against my nature!"

The fuck am I looking at, seriously?

Ranma was laughing out loud now, but to be fair I think he was mostly releasing the tension he had accumulated for being the overly formal setting; he really wasn't built for that stuff. I don't know if his laughter was infectious or the scene was just that funny, but some of the nearby Miko started to giggle too.

That's a way to break the formality I guess.

Shiori, cheeks a bit colored from embarrassment, loudly cleared her throat. "Ikkou-sama, Chitose-san, if you may?"

The couple paused what they were doing – The monk wiggling on the floor trying to protect his dick while his aid tried to kick it again – and looked up. I could see the shame rising in their faces like a thermometer in the desert. They quickly cried out an apology and kneed before us, close to Shiori.

What can I say about this atmosphere? Confusing? A bit. Awkward? Oh definitely. But at the very least it was lighter than before.

The monk took the initiative, clearing his throat a few times before speaking. "N-Now, Saotome-san right?" We all began to sweat over the increase in killer intent in the room, so he tried again. "Ranma-san, right? What can you tell me about your curse? How does it afflict you?"

Ranma held a suspicious look for a few seconds - Yeah buddy I would also be questioning their competence after that – Before sighing and leaning forwards, falling out of his kneeling stance to a more comfortable cross-legged position.

"Well, when I get hit by cold water I…" He trails off, frowning a little, his eyes dipping down to the low table between us. I realized then, that this must one of the few times he talks about the mechanics of his curse out loud. All other times he just kinda show it or let others assume… So to actually vocalize it…

Shiori must have picked up on his discomfort. With a tilt of her head, all the other Miko rose to their feet as one and silently left the room, leaving only the four of us.

"You didn't have to do that," Ranma grumbled, but some tension left his shoulders nevertheless. "Alright, when I get hit by cold water I turn into a girl. Warm water turns me back to normal."

"And he attracts water to an extent," I added. At Ranma's confused look I explained further. "Think about how many times you get hit by random splashes of water. Do you ever see me getting hit by that amount? Constant water splashes are not normal Ranma."

It was almost like seeing someone's brain exploding by the sheer immensity of the realization. Never made the connection hm? I chuckled at the look on his face.

The monk furrowed his brow his finger tapping his chin. "That's a rather… physical manifestation. Do you feel any pain? Do you know if you act any differently while you're a girl?"

The questions continued, they were fairly basic and Ranma did his best to answer them. It honestly felt like seeing a doctor rather than a curse-breaker.

Eventually, however, the monk asked the question that changed things.

"Do you know where you got it?"

"Yeah, in a place in China called Jusenkyo." Ranma answered, already visibly starting to get fed up with the mundane questioning.

… I think the correct term for what happened next was 'mood whiplash'. The Shiori and the monk's aid had relaxed slightly on their position, content to let the monk do his thing while they enjoyed their tea. At Ranma's answer, however, the aid snapped her head to look at him and Shiori visibly tensed in her seat. The monk, curiously, only raised his eyebrow.

"Wait, you know about it?" Ranma asked, he also noticed the changes. "Man, we should have started with that!"

"… Changing shapes with water, no aggressive side effects, no mental influence, no visible spiritual disturbance. It fits." The monk's aid, Chitose, gotta remember her name, muttered under her breath. But it was quite audible considered we were close together in a silent room. Finally, she confronted the rest of us. "Jusenkyo curses change people into animals, they do not affect their gender." As someone who had watched the show, I was about to call bullshit, but the monk was faster.

"According to the research papers at least, and they are quite old." The monk, Satonaka, added he had placed a hand above his mouth and was now eyeing Ranma with an intensity he didn't have before.

Chitose bit her lips, looking troubled. "That's not a confirmation, there could still be other possibilities. "

"How would he know this name then?"

Ranma and I shared a glance. That was quite an interesting reaction.

Shiori cleaned her throat. "My apologies Ranma-san, but for the sake of confirmation, I'd have to ask. Have you acquired your curse by falling into one of the cursed springs in the place known as the ancient training grounds of Jusenkyo, localized in the country of China?"

A shiver went down my spine. I could feel that she did something; it felt like when I first saw her. When she recited a mantra that broke through the walls of reality.

She has weaved a spell in with her words again.

Ranma blinked at the odd way she worded the question. But it was clear he could feel the tension on the onlookers. He gulped. "Yeah, that's pretty much it."

There was a long moment of silence where his answer hung in the air.

"… How?" Chitose asked weakly.

Ranma looked at her strangely. "Hum. I just… walked there?"

There was the silence again.

… Yeah, no, this won't do, even my patience has limits.

"Stop," I said in a firm tone, my voice cutting through the shock and drawing attention to me. "Look, there is clearly some context here that me and Ranma are missing. Can one of you please illuminate us?" Instead of sitting there looking comically shocked, I decided not to add.

"Of course. My apologies." Shiori was the quickest to recover. "I'm going to assume none of you two have any idea of how China's supernatural scene operates."

At our headshakes she continued, clearly entering in the same mood she was on our last encounter.

"Very well then, I will try to summarize. Unlike Japan, where there are efforts made to keep the supernatural and mundane in relative harmony. In China, the 'mundane' side is just a front to show the outside world. There is no 'supernatural side' because there is no divide, and it's all technically controlled by an organization called the Holy Cult of the Five Mountains. I say 'technically' because their form of governing is rather… unique." Shiori paused for a bit to let the idea sink in. "At their core, they are a coalition of martial artists unified in a single purpose and value martial strength, doctrine, and the developing of their arts above all else. Because of that, they have reshaped China to fit the role of always providing challenges and opportunities for a Martial Artist to grow. Creating what is essentially Martial Artist heaven, if you will."

"Oooooh." Ranma let out a breath; of course, he'd be interested.

"You were literally there a month ago, dude." I couldn't help but add.

Shiori continues. "And the way they did that was… well, while they have sovereignty over all of China, they will gladly recognize the word of anyone strong enough to claim a piece of land for themselves, giving them free rein to do what they wish as long as they obey their terms and never turn their blade against them. The end result is that China today is a hodgepodge of Martial groups, tribes, minor kingdoms, sects, and dynasties, all locked in constant conflict for supremacy and dominance over one another. Basically a never-ending Segoku state with the Holy Cult of the Five Mountains making sure it stays that way.

"Oh, man!" Ranma exclaimed excitingly. I just sighed and shook my head.

I don't want to say it sounds like Xianxia… but it sounds like fucking Xianxia. Those goddamn chinese novels with their godawful protagonists seem to follow me wherever I go, and the fact that I now live in a world where there is a place that works by their logic makes me angry. I wonder how well a regular person's life is in this version of China.

Wait, wasn't there a Campione lady acting like king of China or something? Is she the one Xianxiaing the land? She must be the one Xianxiaing the land. That bitch.

"So, how does this relates to our situation?" I asked.

Shiori, blinked at me, her cheeks coloring slightly. She got carried away, hadn't she?

"My point is that in this ever-shifting landscape of alliances and wars, it should have been very difficult if not downright impossible for Ranma-san to reach Jusenkyo. Practically every Chinese faction guards the location of their mystic places jealously; they are not places a wandering martial artist can simply walk into, especially not a non-native one. So how exactly did you get there?"

We all looked at Ranma, waiting for his answer. He just shrugged in a casual manner.

"Like I said, I just walked there. Pops got a flyer with the location from somewhere and we just went. There was even a Guide and everything."

As the three more mystically knowledgeable people in the room try to wrap their heads around this, I added my own question.

"And what about what we just heard. All those factions and wars. Did you notice anything like that?"

He pursed his lips in thought. "I mean… not really. Oh, there were martial artists everywhere, like, way more than in Japan, that's for sure, but they were the usual bunch. A few weird groups here and there but nothing that… Wait, wait, wait! I think there was one that could have been one of these big factions; tribe full of women, can't remember the name, they tried to kill us for eating some of their food, one of them chased us around for a while, but we managed to outrun her in the end." He nodded, proudly smiling at himself. Joyfully unaware of how spectacularly this was going to bite him in the ass in the future.

"That complicates things." Monk Satonaka said. It was the first time he spoke in a while, this entire time he just looked at Ranma, calculating. "Ranma-san, Japan's… no, the entire world's knowledge about Jusenkyo's curses are very sparse for the reasons Shiori-san stated. It's very rare for someone to have the curse, and it's even rarer for them to make it out of China. You're the first one in almost ninety years I believe."

I must confess the thought of a Jusenkyo curse being 'rare' is hard to wrap my head around having watched the Ranma ½ anime. But then again, I could kinda see it if we take things up to a larger context. The show had, what, less than ten cursed people in it, what if they are the only ones in the world? I can see it if that's the case.

"So there is no cure." Ranma made the connection, his fists tightening on his sides.

"There is no documented cure." The monk corrected. "… But I wish to make an attempt."

"Eh?" Ranma looked up.

He continued, "I can't promise you a cure. Unfortunately, there are some curses in this world that are completely incurable for one reason or another. What I can promise you is that I will study it, I will analyze it, I will discover how it works and why, and if it's possible, I will develop treatments for it, something to mitigate the effects or help you control it. And if there is a cure, believe me, I will find it. That is, if you allow me, of course."

The guy has changed; his posture, his behaviors, even his presence has changed. It was so subtle I hadn't noticed until now, but somehow this guy went from a perverted monk to someone you can't help but straighten your back and pay attention to in minutes.

Ranma reacted as expected. "S-Sure! That's what I want." He was even smiling now. "Oh man, now you got me pumped! So what the next step."

"Ehh?" And just like that, the monk was back to his old self, I was able to see it this time. "Hum… Ah well, I suppose a few cleaning ceremonies won't hurt. Shiori-san there is a mountain spring in the back we can use, right?"

"Of course, Ikkou-sama, please feel free." Shiori smiled.

Guess we're putting Ranma through a Buddhist cleaning ceremony now. I moved on to follow my excited friend before Shiori pulled aside.

"Ōe-san, a moment of your time, please?"

"… Sure."

God, please don't be about Genma! I'd hate to find out that I insulted her by bringing his son here, and now I had to help her kill him or something… And please don't be about that thing we did at our last meeting. God, this is awkward.

Ranma gave me one last look with a raised eyebrow, but went with the Buddhist monk and his pretty red-haired aid anyway. Leaving the Milf Miko and me alone in the room.

… And the first thing she did let out a giggle, her posture relaxing from a stiffness I wasn't noticed.

"That was quite intense, wasn't it?"

What? The conversation? "That's one way to put it, I guess... I must confess, Satonaka-san isn't what I was expecting."

"Oh, I'm well aware of the impression he gives." She waved her hand like we're gossiping. "But I assure you his talents are unmatched! If there is one person able to find a cure for a Jusenkyo curse it's him."

"I'll take your word for it, then."

"You should." She nodded, satisfied. "Now, for the reason I wanted to speak with you…" She pauses to take a deep breath. "Ōe Hiroshi-san, the History Compilation Committee wishes to hire your services."

Wait, what's it? Can't say I was expecting it.

I tapped my fingers on my knee, considering her proposal,

"What for?" I asked.

"For the ability you've demonstrated." She replied. "Are you familiar with the concept of Oumagatoki?"

I raised my eyebrow at the question. I did, in fact, looked into the subject because it kept being compared with my Illusion Barriers. But the lack of a phone or any easily available computer made that difficult. Library research is hard when you can't simply eat books until you get what you need.

"They are the last moment of dusk that stretches for far too long, said to be the time where Yokai walks the human world," I explained what I knew. Pretty sure it's what inspired the Dark Hour in Persona 3. "That's what I managed to find." Information is pretty sparse about this subject in particular. Like, less than footnotes.

"They are pockets of wandering realities compressed into invisible bodies that serve as a gateway. They could be considered Yokai, but Kai to be a more precise term for them, more of a phenomenon than a living being, though many manage to acquire sentience or even sapience if they exist for long enough. Yokai are attracted to them so they usually end up with a population living inside their body. That's the reason for the association." I nodded at her explanation. So, basically, an Illusion Barrier that attracts Yokai then… I wonder if there is a difference. Were the monsters from my Illusion Barrier real Yokai? But that would mean… I pushed these thoughts aside for now.

"Overall, they are very useful. The problem is that they are a naturally occurring phenomenon; there is no telling when or where one might appear. It's very common for a normal person to get lost in them and that's usually… deadly."

I looked back at our first meeting, trying to find where she was going with this. Considering that we were in an Illusion Barrier that she believed was a natural Oumagatoki, and what she said to Ena…

"Being able to break these Oumagatoki is not a common thing, is it?" I concluded.

"…Entering and exiting, simple. Completely erasing it, like you did." Shiori shook her head. "Days of work, minimum."

I sighed, I suppose some of the most exoteric aspects of the Gamer System are bound to be discovered eventually. "So you want to hire me to deal with these Wild Oumagatoki."

"Essentially yes."

… Fuck, I want to do it, I remember the first day of my new life, dealing with that portal to another dimension that appeared out of nowhere even before had my Illusion Barrier-related skills. I'd almost died, if I hadn't had the gamer I wouldn't have been able to escape, if I hadn't had the gamer I wouldn't have been able to recover from my injuries. If a completely normal person stumbles inside one… yeah, I can see how it can be a problem.

The issue is Milf Miko herself. I like her, I genuinely do, I can't say I fully trust her yet. She's showed herself to be too sneaky for my liking, with that tracking spell and all that show she put on our imprompt date to gather information. I can understand why she did that but being on the receiving end does not inspire confidence.

And there the HCC itself; they are portrayed very positively in the Campione Anime, but I don't know much about them, plus they are a government organization. If there isn't at least some corruption I'll eat my shoes.

"To be honest Shiori-san, I'm hesitant to tie myself to any organization right now—"

"Oh, it's not like that at all, Ōe-san." The Miko interrupted me. "You won't have to sign anything or take any oath, this is more of an association than anything, a freelancer job if you will. The HCC operates in a supernatural scene that values its independence very highly, we are used to this." She puffed her chest, proudly laying a hand over it; it was a very interesting sight. "I will personally ensure you are treated fairly and always have the right to refuse or break off at any time if you feel inclined to."

"Hoh." I raised my eyebrows, "That sounds a bit like special treatment."

"Kukuku, let's just say I like to maintain good relationships with promising young men with great character."

… Wait, did I just catch her red-handed about possibly spying on me.

"And how can you be so sure I have a 'great character'." I confronted.

Shiori's green eyes sparkled in amusement. "Well… you have shown clear interest in a service that would save people's lives and haven't even spared a single moment to think about compensation…"

…

…

"A-And what would you give me in return?"

She smiled. "Beyond monetary compensation for each job, the HCC will provide free consultation and advice on supernatural manners, a liaison for contact with friendly supernatural communities and access to special shops and libraries that would otherwise be very difficult to find."

That seems… much for a freelancer job. Is it like that for every person the HCC wants as an associate with, or just me?

… And fuck I want that, just the access to special libraries would be a game-changer for me, maybe I could even find a Magical teacher or something to cover all my bases.

She got me, and she knew it.

Damn it.

"Then, I look forwards to working with you Shiori-san."

"Likewise Ōe-san." The Miko beamed. "… Even if you are a bit of a lustful beast."

Hah! I knew she would bring that up! But if she thinks she can turn me into a blushing mess with that weak shit she got another thing coming.

"Ah, it seems our previous meeting left you with an erroneous impression of me, Shiori-san. That was simply how a true man acts in the presence of a libidinous lady." My grin held promises. "Especially one so receptive."

Her reaction was simply delicious. "O-Oh my—"

What happened next, happened in an instant.

I was enjoying the sight of an embarrassed Milf in a sexy Miko costume in a moment and in the next I was on the ground, my mind unable to process anything other than the sheer weight of something that pressed down on me and very soul grind from the pressure. After an impossible long second, it was gone, the very air left dense and heavy in its wake.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

"What in the world—" I croaked out, but Shiori has already left, I was barely able to catch a glimpse of her robes flapping as she disappeared behind the doorframe, quickly making her way out of the room.

I pushed myself to my feet and dashed after her.

It was misty in the corridors, the air so charged with what I'm quickly coming to recognize as Spiritual Energy that it was visible to the normal eye and provided a very real resistance against the body. It was insane! Almost like running deep underwater.

I did my best to follow Shiori across the maze of corridors, only managing to catch glimpses of her up ahead no matter how fast I ran. I ignored the unconscious bodies on our way because if I took my eyes off the running Miko, I would lose her.

Finally, She stopped in front of a large, open door to what appears to be the back of the temple and just… stared. Within moments I was beside her and— What the fuck!?

Chitose was on the side her hand firmly palming her face, but I barely noticed her presence.

Ranma was a girl again; she was sprawled on the rocky grounds looking up with a wide-eyed expression. She was wearing one of those pure white kimonos made for rituals, only it was completely drenched in cold water and clinging to her naked body like a second, semi-transparent, skin. For once, this wasn't the most eye-catching thing in the room.

The monk Satonaka was… floating.

No, not floating, he was being held off the ground by an intense aura of white energy that stretches for almost a meter from his body. Under his feet, an ethereal lotus flower was taking shape. Over his shoulders, a large halo of light was forming. He held his right hand in a single-hand mudra while his mouth moved in a long, elaborated mantra that seems to lack any words but sent shockwaves with each syllable.

Satonaka Ikkou
The Head-monk of the Saienji Temple
Reincarnation of Kōbō-Daishi
Direct decendant of Siddhartha Gautama
Level: ???

What the fuck!?

-0-0-0-​

A monk that goes Super-Saiyan when he gets aroused, really?

After hentai ninjas who change personality depending on how much they're dressed, martial artists that change genders with water, and Nerima's general daily life, you'd think Anime Japan would be out of things to surprise with, but nope! There I go questioning my sanity again. Guess this time it's on me for underestimating the craziness of this place.

I unfolded the futon over the tatami floor, taking a moment to admire the ascetic of the room Shiori had provided us; it was bigger than my current apartment and barely smaller than my childhood room, impressive all around. This place really can double as a high-quality inn. The only thing missing is an onsen, and it would be straight from a travel book.

Good thing they had this room available; the shenanigans of this afternoon had stretched long enough for us to miss the last train. Shiori, then, promptly offered us the temple's hospitality for the night, like it wasn't her plan all along. We could have taken to the rooftops to get back to Nerima, but the food was fucking amazing, the installations were great, and the company was nice, so we stayed.

Pity Ena-chan was visiting a friend in another part of town; I'd like to see her again.

Ranma was on cloud nine since the afternoon. That blast of overpowered-fuck-you-super-Buddha-exorcism-beam wasn't enough to purge the Jusenkyo curse – which set some worrisome implications because holy shit – but it managed to… nudge the thing a little bit; basically, it slowed down the transformation and allowed Ranma to stay submerged in cold water as a man for almost a full minute, which was insane to see after having watched a show where the immutability of the Jusenkyo curse was one of its core pillars. To say that Ranma was happy was an understatement if the silly dance and gleeful laughter he kept breaking into was any indication.

Sure, the curse had 'snapped back' to normalcy thirty minutes later, and none of what they tried next worked, but the strong start was just what Ranma needed to stay in high spirits.

It also led to a funny phone call where he told his father and the Tendos he was sleeping out. Shouts could be heard from the phone but he was too chill to get angry and basically trolled everybody with vague answers. It was epic enough for a high-five.

"What do you think they'll try tomorrow?" The martial artist asked in a dreamy tone that sounded hella creepy to hear from him.

I thought about this for a second. "They will have more time to prepare, so I think they won't try to cure the curse outright but try to see what makes it tick instead, maybe by analyze how it reacts to different rituals or ceremonies or something, that's what I would do." I shrugged, "But I don't know how they do things, so it can be anything."

I laid down the futon and felt my body practically melt into its surprising softness. I don't have to sleep anymore, hell, I don't even get tired in the normal sense of the word, but I still get the overwhelming desire to rest after a long day. "Sorry they couldn't cure the thing in one go, I knew you were expecting that all week."

Ranma hummed, he hadn't taken his eyes off the ceiling. "I was being stupid. I can see that now after all the failed attempts today. Never thought this thing was such a big deal." He pinched some strands of his long hair and raised it in front of his face. "But hey, least they fixed my hair."

Oh yeah, apparently Ranma had a curse that made his hair goes Rapunzel when it got released from this dragon whisker thing he was using to tie his pigtail. I don't remember any of this shit in the anime, so I wonder if this is one of those details that got lost in the background. In any case, I now have a Dragon artifact in my inventory and Ranma can wear his hair down again.

He looks a bit weird like that, but his female form looks drop-dead gorgeous.

"Hey, Hiroshi," Ranma called.

"Sup?"

"Thank you for this, really."

"You already said that remember?"

"Yeah but…" He plays with his hair a little, "This is real… Like, I always thought I had to deal with this on my own. The Tendos don't care and it isn't their problem anyway, Pops won't lift his lazy ass for it, I think he even like being a panda. So it was just me; I thought I'd have to swim to China eventually or something. But then you came and just drop this on my lap. Put me on the right track when I didn't even knew where to start." He let his arm drop to his side, "Urg, what I'm trying to say it's that this means a lot, ok!"

"It's alright Ranma, I get you," I said with a smile, making myself comfortable on the traditional Japanese pillow – something I would never be capable off without the OG Hiroshi's memories, those things take some use to.

There was a brief moment of silence between us. Then Ranma starts again, his voice a lot more hesitant.

"Why… why did you do this anyway?"

"…Isn't obvious."

"Hiroshi… I had friends before, you know? None of them would arrange something like this. Heck, we haven't even known each other for very long, so why?"

That's the question, isn't it? I think… I think the answer is deep and yet really simple at the same time. I like Ranma. He was one of my favorite characters growing up, watching his show was one of the highlights of my day, and that feeling only grew when I got to know him personally and realized he's a genuinely good guy. Knowing what he went through, what he will go through, how miserable and chaotic his life will become for the sake of laughs, it's only natural as a fan of the show that I would want to help.

But there is another reason, one that I can actually share with him because it has nothing to do with the Meta.

"… To be honest, this whole thing was the result of a spur-of-the-moment thinking." I confessed. It was true, I didn't expect to find a monster that night, I didn't plan to save Ena, and I didn't think I would gain a boon for it. "I just… saw the opportunity to help you and took it, it's only natural." I shrugged, and that was that.

"Does this explain anything?" I asked, hoping I hadn't blown things with him; I hadn't really prepared to have an emotional talk with Ranma of all people.

"…Yeah, I think it does." He answered softly.

There was another beat of silence.

"You better not snore, you hear. I have enough of that with pops." Ah! Nice to know he's not gonna let this end in mushy feelings, that's gay as shit.

"Dude, you snore louder than me."

"And how the heck would you know that?"

"You have the face of a snoring fucker."

"Screw you, man. Good night."

"Night.

And with a smile on my face, I turned to my side, ready to put an end to what was overall a pretty peaceful day.

-0-0-0-​

Fuck you.

Fuck me.

Fuck everything.

Peaceful fucking day, why the fuck did I think of that!? Of course the universe wasn't going to let that go. It was like slapping Murphy in the face and insulting his mother!

"Oi Hiroshi what the fuck is going on!? Where is everybody!?" Ranma yelled.

We've been rudely awakened by the ground literally shaking under our innocent sleeping forms. Any thoughts of earthquakes went out the window when we saw freaking veins growing out the wall. Now everything is glowing red like a shitty gothic club, blood, and other fleshy bits are spurting out of every surface, and there is no one but us in this entire complex.

My instinct suddenly screamed from me to move but Ranma reacted faster, next thing I knew he was pulling me out of the way as the wall immediately at my side exploded.

A humanoid thing stepped out of the dust and debris, it looks remarkably like a person; tall, muscular, wearing a short kimono, a pair of lines tattooed on each arm. Only the face confessed its true nature, its brow was swelled and veiny like a vampire from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, it's eyes were too wide and pupils so small they're practically non-existent, in his mouth there were rows and rows of shark-like teeth that he made sure to lick when he saw us looking.

Blood Golem
Level: 45

Oh, you got to be kidding me!

New Quest: Trials of The Heaven Oni.
You have attracted the gaze of one of the most powerful beings in the country; pass the trials to show your worth!
Rewards:
20.000 exp.
Vastly increases closeness with The Heavenly Oni.
????????????????????????
Failure:
Vastly decreases closeness with The Heavenly Oni.
Localized memory wipe.
Vague yet persistent sense of disappointment
Accept/Refuse.



A/n: Some further info to avoid confusion:

Miraidochi-ji is the public name of the Temple of the Heaven Oni. I made a brief mention of that on chapter 6, part 2

No, this china isn't as bad an a Xianxia novel, Hiroshi just jumped to conclusion.

The silliest aspects of Jusenkyo like the Jusenkyo Preservation Society and the catalogue of silly Jusenkyo items still exist, they're just aren't that known outside China.

I really wanted to go into the true nature of the Jusenkyo curse, but it got scrapped with the rewrites, another time then.
Last edited: Mar 22, 2021
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:DeltaRyuujin, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,358 others
Adudefromthesea
Mar 6, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Jul 26, 2021
Add bookmark
#7,526
I'm still on schedule somewhere on the globe!

So, anyway, I'm kinda nervous about this chapter, I think I commented that before, you see where until now there were some settings change due to the nature of multicross, until now miraculously, the main canon of each setting of the story stayed mostly the same. In this chapter however, I'll introduce an new setting whose canon suffered drastic modification because of the multi cross, particularly at the end of it, so I don't know who you will react to the changes.

Anyway, here is the chapter.


Chapter 12









Ever since I woke up in this weird amalgamation of anime settings, I've been blessed/cursed with the opportunity to experience things I'd never thought I would in my lifetime — Anime-turned-real-life craziness aside.

Martial Arts stopped being a curiosity I watched on the tv and became part of my daily routine. Yokai and monsters left the pages of books and games turned into real aspects of my reality. Having someone or something tries to kill me stopped being relegated to fears and occasional nightmares and transformed into events I had to occasionally deal with.

I've experienced all of that, some of my own volition, others not so much. At this point, I have grown used to it.

Yet facing what was essentially a combination of the three at the same time was oddly disconcerting.

The monster snarled as he swung his muscular arm towards my neck, his clawed hands extended in a decapitating strike. I dove underneath it, my baseball bat brushing against my opponent's leg as he quickly retracted away from my counterattack. His body flowed from attack and evasion, going from mad animal to trained dancer as the situation demanded. He was strong and fast and had long since learned to dodge the fuck away from my swings. I didn't need a second opinion to know this guy's martial art skill was better than mine.

So I had to resort to my other tricks.

A body slam interrupted his following movement. The thing went beast-like again and used the sudden momentum to maneuver on all fours over the walls and ceiling to quickly change direction and attack again. If I were a normal martial artist, I would be forced to block or parry if I didn't want to lose something important. As it stands, I just shot the fucker with a Mana Bolt.

He let out a loud yelp of pain as his chest and right shoulder blew up, making him tumble to the side and away from his previously deadly trajectory. As it passed, I crossed eyes with it; it was dead, it knew it, I knew it.

My baseball bat turned his head into paste… and with a fraction of the strength, he had managed to tank it before when I hit its chest.

Yep, that confirms it.

"Oi Ranma! It's the head! The head is the weak point!" I shouted.

"Hanhhh!?" My friend shot back. He was fighting three identical copies of the monsters, and one of them just managed to grab him from behind... For about a second before Ranma used his bullshit flexibility to kick behind his head, and immediately bring his leg down in the following axe kick. Two of the monsters had their head caved in with that move. "Wasn't that obvious!?"

Well… I guess in a certain perspective the head is the weak point for a lot of things.

The last monster, without any reaction to the death of his fellows, leaped for another attack. I took advantage of his distraction to strike him from the air and to the ground, and Ranma ends it by stomping on his head.

Like the others, he liquified into a puddle of blood, which was a bit on the face for something called 'Blood Golem' but who the hell am I to question the rules.

"Again and again they keep comin'." Ranma grumbled, his initial shock for 'killing' something so close to human long since gave out to irritation, the new claw marks he got from underestimating them helped. "Oi Hiroshi, have you figured out what's goin' on yet?"

"Your confidence in my ability to investigate while avoiding death by kung fu is touching." I deadpanned but looked around anyway.

The Silent Hill look the place had taken still in full swing, but the effect is somewhat diluted when you're strong enough to fight the monsters and break through the walls if tight spaces annoy you, so it was more gross than scary. The fleshy mass over the corridors didn't seem to follow any pattern and didn't form in any familiar shapes – something I was glad for – there is also the mysterious red glow that illuminates the immediate area around us, making it possible for us to see a few meters deep in every direction.

And then there were the monsters; all the same guy, all completely identical from one another, down to the tattoos and birthmarks, all titled blood golem with the exact same level. At first, it was just one guy that kept respawning after death, then there were two, and now there are three.

We got about two minutes of peace, and I don't know if there will be a fourth this time.

"Alright." I tapped my bat on a less grotesque part of the wall. "Ranma, break through this."

"Huh?" He blinked. "What? Can't you do it?"

"It's an experiment. Indulge me."

Still looking skeptical, the martial artist stepped past me and threw a punch.

"Ouch!" Ranma hissed as his hand bounced off the wall. He glared at the spot he failed to destroy and tried again. This time the punch was strong enough to rattle the fleshy bits protruding around the area but achieved the same result.

"You can stop now. It's like I imagined…" The sound of Ranma's third punch cracked around the corridors like a goddamn cannonball. "Seriously, stop! You're going to break your hand!"

He shared a glare between me and the immaculate spot on the wall before finally easing up. Idly shaking his aching hand, he grumbled. "The heck was that?"

"That is the front gate," I said, taking a step back and pointing at the arch of flesh at the edges, highlighting the way they formed a doorframe. "And you just proved to me we can't simply blast our way out of this place."

Because Ranma was just about the strongest thing I could throw at it, and if he can't make a dent, I doubt I could. I'm assuming this apparent indestructibility also spread all across the outer walls because it made sense.

Escape plan B is off the chart then, and escape plan A... Well, I tried once again to activate my escape IB skill and... Nothing, absolutely freaking nothing. Not even a notification saying the monsters in the area were too high level.

That affected me more than I like to show; it was the first time a gamer's ability just up and failed like that.

"What do we do?" Ranma asked, bringing me out of my musings.

"... Okay, so, the biggest clue we have to what's going on is my power calling it Trial of the Heavenly Oni." I had attempted to explain the Gamer System to Ranma some time ago, but there was only so much I could do for a guy whose whole video game experience consisted of arcade-fighting games. Plus, I got the feeling he didn't care about the details too much. "So obviously this is some kind of trial, but as we received no instructions or guidance I can only work with context clues."

I raised one finger. "So my main theory is that this is a survival trial, so whoever is causing this - most likely that Heavenly Oni guy - will keep throwing waves of enemies at us, and our job is to survive for as long as possible, or for a certain period of time. The number of monsters will grow and maybe there will be more variation or something as time passes. This is what I am getting from what we're experiencing right now."

Ranma nodded at me... And if our math teacher were here, she would strangulate me out of sheer jealousy for the level of focus I was getting from him.

"That said, there is also a possibility that the trial is something else entirely." Fucking instructions would really help mister Heavenly Oni. "So I said we explore further and gather more clues,"

"So, up." Ranma nodded.

"Yeah, up," I confirmed. The only place we could go now that escape was off the table.

Ranma grinned as low, guttural noises started to bounce off the fleshy darkness around us. Despite the irritation, it seems he was having fun, of course he would. "Let's freaking go then!"

You can say the trial started properly from then now.

-0-0-0-​

Going up turned out to be the right decision.

There was a slightly stronger version of the guy we've been fighting protecting the stairs, but with our combined strength he wasn't much trouble. After reaching the second floor it became clear that space itself was being altered in some fashion, as the stairs that should have continued to the third floor were nowhere to be seen.

As for the enemies on this floor...

All male, all blood golems of the same level, all wearing some type of working kimono of various colors. Some had long claws, some had horns, some had bone blades protruding from their elbows, and more importantly, they were all different.

Also, crap, they were all different.

I jumped away from the range of one spinning kicking motherfucker, using a Mana Bolt to fuck up his balance before stepping in and start wailing on him with my bat. A sudden palm strike on my side made me grunt out a curse. Stumbling away I tried to shoot the new enemy but the giggling fucker threw himself into an adjacent room and disappeared just in time for the one I was beating to rise to his feet and attack again, totally uncaring of his brutalized appearance.

"Fucking." I shot another Mana Bolt, he dodged, but I was expecting that so he ended up straight in my bat's range. "Hell!" My swing obliterated his head, finally finishing him up. Then the flimsy paper walls beside me exploded as the enemy from before tackled me to the ground and went for my throat.

He exploded from the full blast of a Mana Bolt at point-blank, but it was still annoying.

"This one's usin' the Satoshi-fu Kujo style!" I heard Ranma's way-too-excited voice calling as I picked myself back up. "An that one the Nishi-o tornado stance! Oh man, I hadn't seen that since pops and I went to Sendai and—"

"The monsters are using obscure martial arts, got it!" I grumbled. Watching Ranma break a supporting pillar with the head of a monster... or the other way around, it was difficult to tell. "Can you hurry up!?"

Is he pouting!? I told him he isn't allowed to pout in his male form!

With seemly inhuman perception, Ranma swept a leg behind him to take the balance of a monster trying for a sneak attack. Grabbing the thing in the air he used it to strike at another coming enemy, making sure the long horns of one ended up stabbing the head of the other. Then, he quickly dispatched the surviving one with a kick that sent its head bouncing across the dark corridors like a pinball.

I actually paused momentarily at the quick display of brutality. Really puts in perspective what Saotome Ranma could do to a person.

"They're not very good at it," Ranma commented.

Rub it in, won't you? "Looks pretty good to me," I said.

"Yeah, for you." ...Dude. "Pops and I fought way stronger. They're apprentices at best. Hey, could this be a clue?" Ranma asked, excited by the realization.

"Maybe." I stepped over the new puddles of blood to join him. "I'm more interested in their clothes. They look ancient, not like old grandpa clothes but actual, past-era wear."

"Ohhh, time travel."

I gave Ranma a look.

"What? Do you think it isn't possible?"

"... Alright, you got a point. Still, I don't think it's anything like that." We both turned toward the darkness to continue our search for the stairs. "Maybe it's just thematic," I spoke as we moved.

Though, I couldn't make head or tails how feudal oni warriors could be related to fleshy wall growth. Shouldn't something like deformed abominations fit the look better?

Of course, that thought would come back to bite me in the ass very soon.

-0-0-0-​

The stair to the third floor was blocked with a stronger version of the enemies we were fighting on the second floor. This time we were slightly winded as we ascended, but nothing too bad.

The third floor was much like the previous one; no sight of the stairs, new enemies, dark corridors dripping with flesh and blood.

By this point, it was pretty obvious this is a dungeon crawl... or a tower climb, whatever you want to say it. You fight enemies on each floor to reach the stairs, fight the boss defending the stairs, and climb. Repeat this till you reach the top and win.

God knows how much we have to climb to win because I don't think there were more than three floors in this place from what I could see it, so we're probably going to deal with more spatial bullshitery—

Holy fuck.

"... That's pretty gross, isn't it?" Was Ranma's only reaction to the thing.

The third-floor boss wasn't a stronger version of the mobs we were fighting. It was a blood golem, it was one level higher than the rest, but that's where the similarities ended.

It was a... hulking, olived-skinned ball that seems to be made entirely of folded arms of all shapes and sizes. The ones not folded over themselves were being used as 'legs' or protruding from around it freely. On the middle of the mass, half-hidden beneath a grotesque spiral of arms and hands, was what appeared to be a human head with predatory eyes that looked at us with rage and hunger.

... Okay, that was more in line with the Silent Hill theme.

"Alright, Ranma I can see the head, if we could—"

I was barely able to put my bat in front of the giant palm that came hurling in my direction. Walls broke painfully behind my back as I was violently pushed by the stretching arm before I managed to twist my bat around and roll out of the grip.

Pivoting around I struck my bat on the arm, breaking it for good measure, before running back into the fray. When I jumped back into the 'boss area' I found Ranma struggling to dodge a virtual rain of punches that were following him wherever he went.

Without time to think, I produced a beach ball-sized Mana Bolt and launched towards the boss with a swing of my bat. I was able to see him raising multiple palms as an improvised shield before the explosion engulfed him. The smoke didn't even have time to clear when a loud impact echoed and his mass was sent rolling away to the side with pissed off Ranma at its heel.

The martial artist jumped on top of it and promptly took revenge for the previous attack by pummeling the monster to the ground with a rain of punches of his own. Sounds of bone being splintered and flesh crushed resonated across the area, and I could practically see the impacts traversing the monster's form and cracking the ground below.

Another series of hands stretched around Ranma and grabbed him from behind, pulling him away from the main body. Before the monster could make use of its advantage, however, I peppered the arms with a volley of Mana Bolts till the grip got loose enough for Ranma to jump away.

He landed close to me just as the monster got back up. Like the rest of the enemies, it paid no mind to its many injuries; in fact, the bloody layer of limp, crushed arms in the front of its body was already healing.

"Danm this guy! We need—" Whatever Ranma was going to say next was cut off when the arms shot in our direction again.

We jumped out of the way and split off. I went running to the right side, noticing that, thankfully, the monsters couldn't concentrate as many arms on two moving targets as it could in one, so it was relatively easy to weave and jump over his attacks. Ranma, in contrast, decided to make a stand and started punching and kicking at any attack that came his way. The result was a shower of blood and broken limbs, but it did not work like he expected, as the monster's lack of pain meant that rather than flinch back and try another move, it simply pressed on the attacks regardless of the state of its arms, and indeed now it was striking Ranma with the sharp bone spike from its exposed fractures.

Arms, it all came down to the damn arms. They are numerous enough to attack from all directions, and they regenerate too fast for us to do any meaningful damage. All I could come up with was cutting it, but we didn't have anything that could... Wait...

I looked at my baseball bat, the bluish coat of mana shining against the ominous red glow.

... Well, if Kuno can do it.

I shaped the mana with my mind, forming an awkward edge along its length. The shape of the bat almost felt like it was actively fighting against my idea. There were no edges on a curve, and a bat was the pinnacle of a blunt instrument, it wasn't meant to hold a blade since its conception.

The concept of cutting wasn't sticking to the magical energy I was pouring in; there was no blade to hold the edge.

So I made one, the magic almost projecting as a glowing triangle rising from the side of the bat and finally holding on to my will, solidifying into a—

My ankle was pulled behind me as the monster finally managed to catch something. Pain shot across my legs and hips as I was violently slammed against the ceiling, and then against the floor. The next swing and the odd impact that happened indicated that my body had just been used to bitch-slap Ranma to the corner.

Pain is temporary, I reminded myself as I fought down my disorientation and swung downwards with my now magically bladed baseball bat. Praying it wouldn't hit my leg.

I was suddenly released, and my growing 'Anything goes' muscle memory had me unconsciously righting my position midair and landing on my feet... amidst a shower of oversized, severed fingers.

"It works!" I cheered before I was forced to roll away from the stubbed palm as it slammed on my previous position.

I met the arms face on this time, meting the shower of punches with my bladed bat. Blood, fingers, and large chunks of meat fell over and around me.

"You learned a new trick!?" Ranma shouted as he joined the fight, drawing some of the heat away from me.

"Just now!" I responded and focused back on cutting.

In truth, it wasn't anything like Kuno's cutting bokken. The lacerations weren't smooth enough to cut off a whole arm outright, and the severed fingers resulted more from the strength I was putting behind the swings rather than the sharpness of the blade. If I had to compare it to anything, I'd said it was more like an axe than a sword.

'Better than fucking nothing' I told myself as I hacked away at a giant wrist and left the hand hanging by a thread as it pulled back. But I still need more cutting power.

I was never going to get a sword out of a bat, that much was clear. So I started to think outside the box.

What's the next best thing other than an axe?

Oh.

Ranma slammed against the monster, dealing damage to the main body for the first time in a while. By the way he managed to dodge the retaliation and dive in for another attack I'd said he had already memorized this thing's attack patterns or something. This gave me time to do my thing.

I spread the triangular edge across the entire length of the bat with the exception of the handle. Then, with an effort of will that was magnitudes lesser than forming a blade in the first place, I formed tiny mana teeth over the edges and set it to rotate.

My new chainsaw bat didn't let out any satisfying noise nor trembled with barely contained fury all chainsaws everywhere seem to radiate, but it was a thing of beauty all of the same.

I couldn't help but let out an exultant cry as I used Ranma's distraction to swing at the main body. Layers upon layers of meat and bone tore apart under my swing as I split the thing open and nearly cut it in half. An unavoidable shower of blood and gore ensued, and never in my life I felt more like Doomguy than at that very moment. My chest hair, balls, and adam apple grew three sizes right then and there.

The head was the weak spot for these monsters, but dealing it enough damage also seems to work. So before my bat could even fully separate the two halves of the monster's body, it liquefied into an enormous pool of blood. Leaving me and Ranma awkwardly facing each other in attack stances.

Note to self; chainsaw mode is a bitch to maintain. Less than ten seconds of it active was enough to fully deplete my Mp pool.

"Another trick?" Ranma asked, his breathing visibly affected by the exertion.

"Chainsaw spell."

"Right." He raised an eyebrow. "That's cool. Hm..." Then he took a step back and placed his hand over his nose. "You stink man."

"Thanks for pointing that out, I never would have guessed," I said, trying to wipe the blood from my eyes. Christ, I was drenched with the stuff.

After finally accepting the futility of my task, I just removed the guest yukata I was wearing and tried to wipe as much as I could with the clean parts of the cloth. After it got too dirty to clean I threw the bundle to the side.

It's underwear fighting from now on.

"Tsk." Ranma clicked his tongue. It seems my lack of clothes had reminded him of our current lack of supplies... or the lack of the ability to resupply.

My inventory, much like my escape IB skill wasn't working, so no changes of clothes or convenient sacks were available for us. Of course, Ranma being Ranma, he was more annoyed by the lack of food.

I was just glad my week of ninja training had conditioned me to sleep with my baseball bat out of the inventory, specifically for situations like this, now that I think about it.

"So. I need to take a breather to get my magic back, let's stop for a bit." I said.

"Heh, weak."

"Bitch, you don't look so good either." I poked Ranma's slightly heaving chest with the tip of my baseball bat, before pointing to the stair. "I say we sit there for a bit and pray the boss doesn't come back. If it does, we run for it."

Ranma gave me a cocky grin. "Don't worry, I finally got how it moves, if it comes back I'll beat it up!"

"At this point, Ranma, I'd prefer that you pace yourself."

Because the fights will only get tougher from here on, and unlike me, Ranma can't heal most of his injuries with a short rest.

-0-0-0-​

Well, I was wrong. The fourth floor wasn't exactly harder. It was more annoying really, like; 'Ranma screaming at the top of his lungs' annoying.

"ARGHHHHHHHH!"

Like that.

Ranma's kick obliterated half organic walls in an instant, sending blood, meat, and debris flying across multiple paper-thin rooms. But it was no use; the fist-size black holes that were dotting the surface scurried away beneath the martial artist legs and promptly disappeared into the darkness.

The persistent rattling noise of teeth grinding together at superhuman strengths that was echoing from the dark only increase in volume, and soon, an enemy burst out from one of the little black holes and came flying towards us so fast that my reaction swing only managed to take it out of its trajectory rather than killing him. Another black hole conveniently placed near his landing zone swallowed him whole before we could follow, and quickly dash away from our vision.

That about sums up our 'fight' with this floor's mob enemy.

"Grrr! Why these bastards don't face us like men!" Ranma growled, backing away from the skittering black holes till he bumped his back against mine. I kept vigil on the other side.

"Didn't work well for them when they tried the first time." Which set a worrisome precedent that they are now capable of learning from the previous incarnation. I tried to follow the holes with my eyes but there was no use, they were like cockroaches in the dark. "Damn it! How many of these things are there."

"Three dumbasses. You can tell by the number horns." Ranma responded immediately, another display of his uncanny perception while in a fight. "FUCK! Let's at least take out the one who's makin' this noise."

Ah yes, the rattling teeth noise that made you want to claw your ears out. I also advocate for the painful death of the shitstain responsible for it, but he's probably hidden in the dark.

"I'm down for taking out any of them at the moment," I shouted over the noise. "Do you have any ideas?" I tried asking Ranma, seeing as the meager amount of Mp I've managed to recover wouldn't let me try anything crazy with magic, and of the two of us, Ranma was the one who could better follow them with his eyes, thus probably was able to glean more about them than me.

Probably.

"Yeah!" Oh, that's surprising. I risked a brief look over my shoulder to see him tensing up. Wait a second—

He bolted toward the darkness.

"COMMUNICATION RANMA!!" I shouted after him but was forced to raise my guard for the attack that was sure to come. The reason we were sticking together was because the fuckers took every opportunity to attack while we were alone, and they do it from harder-to-predict angles too, so I—

"FUCK!" I cursed as pain flashed from my side. I felt clawed fingers digging into my skin, and if it weren't for my stat points making me superhuman I'd have lost a kidney right there.

My bat struck the protruding arm and blew it clean off its shoulders; nevertheless, the partially submersed monster giggled at me and dove back into the shadows. The hole he popped out off no doubt moving away in the same instant.

Fucking hell. I let out another curse as I yanked the hand off my side. Blood poured down my leg from the injury that would probably put down a normal person. In my case, I could see that it didn't even take a third of my Hp, so I decided to just ignore the pain and move on.

It's not like I can focus on anything other than the next attack now. I gripped my bat in both hands and prepare for it...

The noise.

The damn noise that was ringing across the dark corridors even since we killed the first set of blood golems had stopped.

"Ranma?" I called out.

No answer... not even an attack from the enemies; hell, it must be the first time I sent six seconds without being attacked since I stepped onto this floor.

I tried to search for the holes the mobs were using as attack portals. Until now they've been paradoxically easy to find yet hard to focus, there was alway one moving just at the corner of your eyes, but if you try to focus on it, it quickly melted into the ambient darkness.

Nothing, not a single one... there! My eyes trailed after the hole while it made its way over— it suddenly popped out of existence.

A cold feeling speared my guts.

"Ranma! Where are you!?" I shouted to the unresponsive corridors. After seconds of continuing silence, I broke the wall the last portal was on with a frustrated swing before starting to run in the direction Ranma had disappeared from.

My mind raced with the possibilities. Where had he gone to was the most prominent and less helpful one. The monster obviously took him somewhere, fuck, they've been trying to separate us from the start why didn't I see that!?

A rogue portal hole drifting on the walls captured my attention and I made my way to it. I couldn't get inside; it was one of the first things we attempted, so I was limited in what I could do. It was clearly going somewhere but I could see no other alternative other than letting it lead me to a trap-

The hole suddenly expanded and a flood of dark, murky water began pouring from it. Before I could even blink, the shape of one of the monsters came screaming out of the portal with a red blur riding on its back.

A female Ranma drenched head to toe in smelly water inhaled a deep, desperate breath as soon as she entered in contact with air, before promptly use that same breath to shout.

"And THAT!" She punched the monster underneath her in the back of its head, loudly cracking its skull, and turning it into a puddle. "Is for that DAMN noise!"

And so it was just me, Ranma-chan, and blessed, blessed silence in that dark corridor.

I put a hand over my chest and tried to exhale the worry "Fucking hell, would it kill to tell me what you were planning before you try crazy shit!?"

The panting girl gave me a crossed look, gathering some air before countering with a; "Look who is talking."

... Alright, she does have a point there.

"What did you do anyway? How did you get inside the hole?" I tried to approach her but decided against that. The water may have washed away the smell of blood, but it had replaced it with feces and rotten eggs; not the best trade if you ask me.

"I grabbed one of those guys just as they're gettin' in the holes. They were a lot easier to deal with when they aren't poppin' all around like a whacking machine." She tried to wipe her face but gagged with her own smell. "Damn swamp water."

Without any incoming attacks and portal holes dashing around the place, I finally started to relax.

Grab one to get inside, crap, this seems really obvious in hindsight. At least we now have a way to deal with them if we're still there when they respawn.

Ranma waved a hand towards me, making grabbing motions.

"What?" I asked.

"Warm water, gimme. I want to turn back into a man... and get rid of this smell."

Oh.

That's unfortunate.

"... Hiroshi?"

"Dude... no inventory, remember? I can't access my stash."

"WHAT!?"

Poor Ranma, even inside this hell trial dimension, the guy can't catch a break. Still, her yukata was basically in tatters, so her gloriously wet pair of tits was practically open to the whole world to see.

You win some. You lose some.

The floor bosses being stronger and smarter versions of the mob enemies killed my good mood.

-0-0-0-​

It did not seem to be of much importance before, but as we ascended the floors, the organic growths in the walls, floors, and ceiling appeared to be slowly overtaking the wooden parts of the temple. The fifth floor was practically a series of pulsating entrails with the floor under our feet's being the only part not being completely made of meat.

Why this is important? Well, besides adding to the creepy factor, it means that every time something blew up, it usually resulted in a shower of blood, gore, and more importantly, bone shrapnel.

Bone shrapnel that were projected everywhere like fucking grenades.

I yanked a thin bone from my chest before diving out of the way of a projectile that destroyed the mass of meat I was using as cover. My enemy cackled her lungs out as I was forced to run away again.

Fucking long-range specialist man!

I had to duck and roll to dodge a screaming Ranma as she burst out of the darkness and bounced painfully against the walls. Her body folded over an unseen force as it dragged her from left to right.

"I told you to dodge the arrows!" I shouted at her but I don't think she'd heard it. In any case, I was forced to duck again as more projectiles rained down around me.

Balls, literally balls, not even steel or stone balls, but colorful little spheres you can find in any festival around japan. My Japanese mind dug up the word 'Temari ball' to associate them with, apparently, it was an old type of Japanese toy that was popular to this day.

And that cackling bitch, the only female-looking blood golem so far, is using it as a weapon, throwing or kicking them at me with enough strength to obliterate anything she hits.

One of the projectiles got too close to my liking so I responded by striking it with my bat. That should have been a winning strategy against her, and in fact, it was exactly that in the initial stages of the fight. But then the bitch removed the top of her kimono to show her muscular torso and small, sash-bounded chest and promptly grew two additional pair of arms to throw shit with. So at this point she could simply launch more balls than what I could reliably strike back.

I struck two more balls before I was forced to take off running again. My enemy went back to destroy all the possible cover I could use while I wove my way through her bullets.

She abruptly stopped laughing and jumped backward to increase the distance— crap, she saw through my attempts to approach while making it look like I was running blindly.

"HAH!" Ranma suddenly got herself in the way of the projectiles and kicked some of them to the side. "You haven't taken her out yet!" She had the audacity to complain.

"I don't see you having better luck with your guy!" I bit back, and just as I said that the arrows came flying out of the darkness.

Not arrows like weapons, arrows like the drawings you see indicating directions on traffic sign. Ranma's enemy used this as his projectiles; I hadn't seen him since the start of the battle.

I threw myself away from them and Ranma... got hit directly— goddamn it!

"DAMN IT!" Ranma echoed my sentiment as she dragged along by the directional force the arrows produced.

Deciding to regroup after my failed strategy, I followed after her.

"I told you to dodge the damn arrows!" I repeated the words from before as I ran along.

"WHAT DAMN ARROWS!?" She shouted back before her face slammed on the floor.

"What do you mean!?" I grabbed her before she could be pushed against the sharp bones spike that stalactite'd on the ceiling, and pulled her to her feet till she kept pace beside me. "THESE!"

A wall of meat exploded and— the Temari balls? Wait the directional arrows were in the Temari balls

OH SHIT!

A storm broke through the area as several balls being dragged by the force arrows hammered against everything from weird and impossible angles. Pain exploded from anywhere they managed to land as my body tumbled away.

"HAYHTATATATATA!" I heard Ranma lashing out against the projectiles aiming for her and decided to follow her example. After a few painful gut and back shots, I managed to destroy the ones targeting me.

"They combined their fucking attacks!" I growled out, stepping over the heap of organic material that had been detached from the walls by the assault.

"Those crazy balls things!?" Ranma babbled, she still had her guard raised, her bouncing chest heaving with her fast breathing.

"Yeah, that's what I said. Wait, you said can't see the arrows?" Is that why she was having so much trouble?

"What. ARROWS!?" She shouted in frustration.

More combined projectiles came. Jerking explosively from every angle, making impossible turns while coming towards us. With instinctual synchronization, Ranma and I bumped our backs together and started attacking the projectiles before they could hit us. We failed a few times but managed to weather the storm well enough.

This will not last, though. Soon, the female Blood Golem will appear, and after she got us in her view she won't stop shooting, I knew that from experience.

"Right, new plan, you get ball bitch and I take care of arrow guy." I barked.

"What arr- You know what, screw it! Change targets right? Got it!"

The cackling bitch stepped out of the darkness ahead, already launching several balls towards us. Behind her, the directional arrows came and pierced a few of her temari balls in the air, and making them shift in random trajectories.

After a split-second decision, I spent an ounce of my precious, recovering Mp to blow up the combined projectiles in the air, leaving only the normal ones for Ranma to deal with.

I dashed in the direction the arrows came from, making my way across the dark hallways. More arrows came flying at me, and they were certainly harder to dodge than the temari balls, but it was doable, in fact, I can easily state that they were barely managed to delay my progress.

However, it soon became apparent why Ranma wasn't able to deal with this guy. He did not show up, preferring to stay hidden in the distance while shooting at the enemy, and the dark ambient, with winding, organic corners, almost seems to be strategically designed to give him field advantage.

I wasn't able to get a single glimpse of him.

It wasn't impossible though, I noticed that if I got too close he had to stop shooting to relocate, couple that with the fact that he doesn't have the firepower to take me down and it was a matter of time before I find him, I only needed to keep the pressure on...

Where are the damn arrows?

I darted my eyes around me while I ran, trying to spot anything. It was taking too long for him to resume shooting this time around; did I take the wrong turn?

Wait a second—

CRAP!

I turned back and ran towards the sound of crashes and explosions Ranma's fight was producing.

What I found was the vindicating sight of a battered and bruised female blood golem who was quickly retreating, and Ranma locked within a storm of jerking projectiles.

Motherfucker avoided me and went for Ranma. Fucking damn it!

And that, that might be the worst thing about this trial, it wasn't that the enemies were getting stronger, it was that they are getting smarter.

I moved to help Ranma... and then I stopped.

Ranma was... She wasn't getting hit; in fact, she was practically dancing around the projectiles with flashy movements that reminded me a lot of Dance Dance Revolution of all things. Occasionally her fist or her legs would shot up to break apart a projectile or two, all in precise, perfectly timed movement that helped with her flow.

The new moves she was displaying weren't the reason I stopped to watch, however, nor was the way her toned definition undulated harmoniously together as her womanly curves bounced. No, for the first time in a while, I didn't pay attention to that fact.

What I noticed were her wounds. Purple bruises, claw marks, stab wounds, jutting bone shrapnel, blood, sweat, swamp water, and god-knows-what covered her from head to toe. Ranma didn't have the Gamer she couldn't shrug it all off and continue on regardless of the state of her body... but she was, wasn't she? She wasn't showing how tired she was, she was powering through so well even I took this long to notice how many hits she took.

Can she power through to the end of this trial? How much damage can she accumulate before crashing? Honestly, I do believe she can take more than this.

But it doesn't mean I should ignore what was already there.

Healing... no chance, I'm good at pulling shit out of my ass in a pinch but I'm not quite as good as to simply will my crude mana shaping to heal someone, I tried before and failed each time. But I had other ways to lessen Ranma's burden.

An evil-looking magical circle formed on the floor in front of me and I sighed in relief. It seems my Summon Cardian skill wasn't affected by whatever had canceled out my inventory and my IB related skills, so it means we could at least get some damn reinforcements.

I should have done that on the first floor, but I'd underestimated the difficulties ahead.

Last time I'll make this mistake, I swear it.

A loud crash told me that Ranma had managed to get out of the projectile storm. A quick glance to the side showed her running after a surprised-looking female blood golem. I smiled at the sight; just wait Ranma, soon there would be three against two.

Where the fuck is the arrow guy- oh, goddamn it!

Just as I thought that a series of arrows flying in opposite directions struck my torso at the same time. I could practically feel my organs getting torn apart by the opposing forces, taking away a good portion of my Hp with it. I fell to my knee, couching and wheezing out what seemed like a liter of blood and a few important-looking pieces of flesh.

Well, that's a distressing sight.

I heard footsteps approaching from the side. Ah, there is the fucker. He seems to be one of those eternally closed eyes bastards you see in every anime, and he had a sophisticated air around him that made me want to punch him in the face out of principle. Other than that and a fancier kimono, there wasn't anything that really differentiated him from all the other monsters we fought.

He raised his hands and— okay, his eyes are on his hands, so gross – With a blink multiple arrows appeared around me, trapping me in a deadly cage.

I had only one thing to say to that. So I spat some leftover blood to the side and opened my mouth.

"Hey man, thanks for confirming I don't need to concentrate to keep a skill active."

The lack of reaction was disappointing, but the flash of light made up for it. In instants, Minon was on top of him—

"FALION!!!"

Or maybe not.

Rather than the two hundred pounds sexy amazon, a blur of pink and white and flashes of steel fell over him. The very distinct sounds of "NyaNyaNyaNyaNyaNya!" Echoed over the corridors while bits and pieces of what used to be a human-sized blood golem flew about and splashed all around the place in a show that would make most serial killers blush.

"Nyah~" The... cat girl, yep, cat girl let out a thoughtfully satisfied sight before snapping her head towards me.

Two huge yellow eyes with slit pupils blinked gleefully in my direction, and her fanged smiled would have probably won her some prizes for its adorableness if her face and the front side of her body weren't completely covered in blood.

Unnamed.
Cardian of The Chariot
Level 10.

"Nyah~!" The catgirl suddenly mewled right at my face, making me flinch back and curl up from the pain in my insides. "I finished with this one master! I wanna kill more. Can I? Can I? Can I? Pleaseeee master? Tell me who to kill! Please! Please! Please! I promise I'll kill them real good! Falion!"

Well, that... certainly matched the worrying number of knives she had on her person; two on her hands, two hidden on her puffy socks and boots, a bunch tied up around her corset.

They're not even daggers, just kitchen and butcher knives of various shapes and sizes.

"Masterrrrr!" She whined.

I gurgled another wave of blood, this one I couldn't avoid getting all over myself, shit. That drew the catgirl's attention to my blooded, muscular torso... O..kay, not sure what to think about the look she gave me.

Himiko Toga as a pink-haired cat girl. Got it. Must direct her attention away from me before I died by stabbing snu snu!

"There!" I pointed at the last remaining enemy. "Kill her!" After a moment of consideration, I added. "Don't kill that one," I said, pointing at Ranma.

The cat girl's face lit up like a kid on Christmas. "Nyatta!" She jumped to her feet, pulling another pair of knives to hold between her fingers, and then another one to put it in her mouth like some crazy pirate swordsman. "Just you wait master, I'll bring you her head! Falion!" She managed to speak normally despite biting on the handle of the knife, somehow.

With a last battle cry of 'Nyah~" She was off.

A few seconds passed while I stared at nothing, then I decided to just laid back and wait for my organs to pop back into their proper place.

-0-0-0-​

"Hiroshi! w-w-what is that!?" Ranma shouted at my face while pointing at Falion, who had apparently decided that opening wounds in the organic walls and watching as they bleed was a banger idea.

I held back a sigh. Ranma hadn't told me about his fear of cats yet, so it meant I had to play the fool with this whole catgirl situation. This would've been amusing as heck if I wasn't tired, dirty, bloody, and right in the middle of Hell Trial: Flesh Labyrinth Edition.

... Still a bit amusing though.

"That is Falion." The catgirl perked up at the mention of her new name. "Remember the cow lady that follows me around from time to time? Gave all the girls in our class inferiority complexes? She's like her. New minion."

"She is a cat!" Ranma half stated half screamed, her voice strained.

"Girl." I finished for her. And now I must treat this carefully. "What is it to you?"

For the following minutes, I got to witness Ranma going through a complex rollercoaster of emotions, as she started to explain, gagged on her explanation, produced a series of exasperated, yet indescribable noises with her throat while gestured madly at the offending catgirl, tried to voice her explanation again, processing to stumble on her words, and then restarted the whole process.

It was sad, adorable, and funny all rolled up in a single package, with highly distracting boobs jiggling underneath.

"Hi!" Somewhere along the way, Falion decided to introduce herself. Ranma, of course, let out a cute little cry and jumped behind me. "I am Falion! All-purpose Cardian ready to unleash murder upon my master's enemies! Nice to me you, falion!"

Sweet Jesus, I know the 'mass murderer cutesy girl' was a meme back where I come from, but hearing one act like that in real life was unnerving, to say the least.

And she was cute though; long, pink hair tied in two thick twintails, a pink and white puffy outfit that wasn't lacking in the frills department, a tight brown corset accentuating her thin waist and full breasts, white stocking, white garterbelt, and puffy sock on her legs. Overall, she looked like a girl right out of a cutesy magical girl... though the roll of sharp knives put a dent on that angle.

'Course, Ranma, unlike me, was only focused on her tail and ears.

I looked back at the semi-naked girl pressed tightly against my back. "You know, you're a lot more touchy-feeling when you're a girl."

"I'm not a girl! Shut up!" She passed her arms over my shoulder and jabbed her finger at Falion. "G-Get rid of her!"

The catgirl's ears twitched curiously at Martial Artist's reaction. Seeing that she suddenly leaned close, making Ranma let out a little shriek. A slow, shit-eating grin grew on the cat's mouth.

"Nyah~!" Falion cried out while she lunged towards Ranma, because of course she did.

I sighed again as I became the pillar that separated the girls while they chased/tried to escape one another. Ranma, letting out a storm of curses and threatening violence the entire time, while Falion just giggling and making grabbing motions, the reactions just egging her on.

As amusing as this is, I couldn't afford to let this keep going.

"Alright, stop!" I yelled, stunning both girls. I ignored Falion who was behind me and grabbed Ranma by the shoulders.

"Look, I don't know what's your problem with her but this isn't the time," I explained firmly. "I can't get rid of her because I'm out of magic, so I won't be able to summon her again. And we need her to fortify our position."

To Ranma's credit, she straightened back pretty fast. "What? We're not goin' to continue!?" She demanded with an acid frown. The thought of giving up in the middle of a trial, even an uncalled one, was probably utterly appalling to her.

"We will continue, but we need to rest first."

"We already rested! I can keep going!" Ranma immediately insisted.

"I'm not doubting you." I cut in just as fast; there is no time for some anime misunderstanding bullshit that would make her storm ahead or something equally dumb. I had to make this clear. "But I need to get my health and magic back up, and we need to treat what wounds you have now before we tackle stronger foes than we've already faced." Honestly, I didn't know how could I would treat her injuries while semi-naked in the middle of a horror zone, but that's beside the point. If we stop to at least completely refill my magic it will already make a difference.

Ranma was still frowning. "Those two will come back..."

"We already know how to deal with them, and we have Falion now." I shook my head. "We are not giving up, Ranma, we're just slowing down."

"Fine. Geez." Ranma rolled her eyes and brushed my hands out of her shoulders. The sounds of a curious mewl from Falion made her visibly shiver. "But you keep that thing away from me!"

"She's a person, don't be rude. But ok, deal." I turned and glared at Falion a bit. She tried to look innocent. "And you, stop trying to teasing poor Ranma. He's scared enough as it is."

"S-Scared!!? I'm not scared!!!" Ranma initiated her usual anime routine but I tuned her out.

Ok. First, we should relocate to some dark corner somewhere where the respawning enemies wouldn't find us so easily. Then we will have to deal with Ranma's wounds somehow, there is no water so there is no way to reliably clean them, and the surroundings certainly didn't help with that so we'll have to make do with straps of Falion's outfit for cleaning and warpping. I could also deal with some of the dislocated joints she no doubt must have, and there was that deep muscle massage Rin taught me that should help with her bruising... But everything was a band-aid solution.

"... If only we had a healer," I mumbled out loud.

"Hai!" Falion shot her hand up.

I could try to make some healing magic when my Mp comes back. I had failed every single time I tried that before, but I never had another body to tried out before— No, that could go royally wrong and we couldn't afford to fuck this up...

I snapped my head to look at Falion. "What did you just- You're healer!?"

"Ke ke ke, I am the all-purpose Cardian, master. No ability is outside my purrfolio, falion!" She declared, puffing her chest in smug cat pride.

... You know, one day, I will sit down and start to seriously question my luck. Because, truth be told, ever since I stepped into this world I've been suspiciously lucky all around, to the point it would raise some eyebrow if I put all the occasions on a paper. But this isn't the day, today I shall milk this luck for all it's worth.

"Show me," I commanded.

"Yes!" My Cardian happily agreed, then she dipped her head. "Pet me!"

"... This really isn't the time for that." No matter how much I want to...

"Pet me, master!" The catgirl insisted with a pout.

"... 'lright, fuck it." I place my hand over her head and start to stroke her fluffy cat ears.

This is dumb, like, seriously dumb, I'm all for petting a catgirl, but doing so in the middle of a horror setting zone with monsters that are probably just about to respawn isn't exactly what I call a good idea. But thinking logically maybe it's related to her healing—

Fluffy ear~

Fluffy~~~

Pink clouds flying up~ Chocolate berries singing along~ Happy bees buzzing about~ Pink~ Pink~Piiiink~

Yaaaaaaay~

...

...

What the name of anime Jesus was that!?

"Bitch, what have you done with him!?" I heard Ranma demanding.

"Nyah! I just healed master! No shouting or I kill!"

"Bah," I gurgled out, blinking dumbly for the disorientation and the lack of pain on my insides.

"Oi Hiroshi! You alright!? Did the cat drug you!? I knew we shouldn't have trusted her!"

"I'm alright." More than that, I'm healed!

... Less than I would have liked, but my Hp bar was certainly higher than before.

Don't know if the momentary hallucination was worth this relatively meager amount but beggars can't be choosers.

Ranma had placed her semi-naked self between me and Falion during my seconds in lalaland, I poked her in the back until she looked at me.

"Alright, I confirmed that she can heal, your turn. Pet the cat, Ranma."

All colors dropped from Ranma's face, and I realized what I just said.

Oh dear, this will be more difficult than I thought.

-0-0-0-​

In the end, everything turned up all right!

I don't know exactly how much time we spend holed up on the fifth floor, but it was enough for us to make a nearly full recovery. Much more than I hoped for when I decided to stop.

We had to work with Falion's limitations, however; turns out being the 'all-purpose Cardian' really did mean being the jack-of-all-trades, master of nothing. According to her, she could do pretty much everything another Cardian's could, and could bring the highest number of abilities with her when she was summoned, but she only had a small fraction of the effectiveness of a Cardian specifically designed for a particular purpose. So her hallucinogenic healing ability (which was more of a self-healing skill pushed into another person) didn't, well, heal all that much, and she could only do it three times before needing to recharge.

Not much use in battle, but there was nothing stopping us from cheesing the fuck out of it camping in the corner and spamming her healing. Even though I had to hold a trembling Ranma against my chest so she didn't escape and force her hand to stay on Falion's fluffy ears – she was cool with it after some retribution punches.

I hadn't brought forward the subject of her fear, but Ranma, without a single prompt, promised she'd explain later anyway. I took that for the vote of confidence it was.

The ball bitch and arrow fucker popped up a few times, but with Falion with us and our increasingly healed selves they weren't nearly as troublesome as the first time.

After all of that was wrapped up, we ascended to the sixth floor.

Oh dear, things are already different.

"We will fight spider enemies on this floor." I declared confidently.

"Haah? What's that?" Ranma asked. She had bound her large chest with a strap of Falion's outfit. A pity, but ease of movement is more important than glorious sight.

"The webbing," I said pointing at the thick weaves of spider webs that hung over the fleshy walls. It made things darker somehow. "Universal rule says that where there are webs this size, there are giant spiders we have to kill." I won't deny I shuddered a bit at the prospect, giant arachnids were fine in video games but I wasn't looking forwards to facing one in real life.

Ranma noticed that and grinned. "Ehhh, what's wrong Hiroshi? 'fraid of little bugs?"

"Bug!" Falion shouted right beside the martial artist. Destroying Ranma's teasing expression and making her let out a short scream. "Can I kill them!?"

Note to self; give the cat a treat later.

...unfortunately, this wouldn't be the end of Ranma's smugness.

"Hey, Hiroshi."

"Shut up."

"Giant spiders Hiroshi, shouldn't we prepare to fight them?"

"Shut up."

"They must be behind those guys, Hiroshi, What do you think, Hiroshi?"

"Shut the fuck up, Ranma." I gripped my brow while Ranma and Falion cackled away at each of my sides. I shouldn't have to deal with this.

Fucking samurais, not giant spiders. Let's move on.

The Japanese part of my brain wanted to connect their appearance to some Meijin-era police force, not samurai. Hmm, no, the uniforms didn't match. Heck, if I didn't know any better I'd said they were wearing modern-day male school uniforms. Oh, and there is a girl among them too, how diverse for samurais.

Regardless, they were mob with swords holding surprisingly solid martial stances. Though their movements were a little... jerky...

"Look. See!" I cried out triumphantly, pointing the tip of my bat to the encroaching enemies. "They got spider webs all over them. There is probably some giant spider controlling them at a distance!"

The closest samurai slashed at me with speeds that would make Kuno jealous. I felt the strength behind his swing as I parried it to the side. His attack immediately flowed into another, forcing me to jump back.

Still, I knew the guy's weak spot, so his next attack had me jumping over his blade and swinging a chainsaw bat over him, cutting the strings that were controlling his limbs.

He fell down like a... well, like a puppet who had its strings cut, and his body liquefying into a pool of blood on the spot. From his absence, came the flashing steel of another enemy, who immediately took his place and thrust his blade at me.

Ok, the fuckers were skilled; I'll give them that.

Another stringless puppet samurai turned to blood at my feet and I risked a look at my allies. Falion was crashing against her enemies in a loud maelstrom of flashing blades, cutting just as much as she was being cut. Ranma was neatly dispatching hers with what appeared to be anti-swordsmen's techniques that kinda reminded me of the ninjutsu Rin had shown me, though she did have some superficial slashes no doubt from getting cocky at the start.

I jumped away from the swords again and checked the area. There were more samurai conversing into our location.

Fuck that.

"Ranma, Falion, disengage!" I shouted as I launched myself up and stepped over some samurai's faces. One of the first things Ranma taught me was that people are rarely prepared to have their faces used as a stepping-stone. "Let's go for the source!"

It took some moments but soon the two eventually escaped and began following me as I ran across the corridors.

"Oi, what do you mean the source!?" Ranma called after me.

I didn't even look back, just kept my eyes on the web.

"The giant spider!"

It wasn't a goddamn giant spider.

It was gorgeous, white-haired, Milf sitting on top of a huge lump of flesh with red dots decorating her serene face and multiple strings stretching from her delicate fingers.

... She reminds me of a spider? S-Shut up!

"Is she the 'source'?" Ranma asked, making a face.

Distraction! "Yeah! Can't you see the webs?"

"What webs?"

What was he talk... Ah, same situation as the arrows.

"God, you're so blind sometimes, Ranma,"

"Hey!"

The woman slowly raised her hands and I instantly raised my bat in a guard whatever she was about to throw at us. I couldn't see any of her puppets in the room but who knows how many surprises there could be hidden in the dark—

I almost blacked out for a second as an eruption of pain exploded over me in the form of a hit on my side. I felt like I was going to be torn in two before the world shifted violently around me and I was sent flying through multiple organic obstacles.

When I finally stopped being the poster child for ragdoll I vomited all that worth of pain in blood. A quick glance down showed a perfect impression of a feminine footstep deforming the muscles of my abdomen, and a brief check informed me lost half of my Hp just from that alone.

Jesus, I was proving to be quite the zombie tonight, hm?

Should I be worried about the ease I pushed the pain away? I feel like I should. I mean, I just received a legit, no-hold-barred kick from Saotome goddamn Ranma, I feel like I should take a breather and maybe cry a little, but nope, pain is just an illusion non-Gamers plebs tell themselves to deal with their inherent inferiority. Fuck pain, I was beyond that.

I forced myself back to my feet with shaking limbs, and then ran across the long trail of destruction my passage left behind.

"Hiroshi!" Ranma shouted as I popped back into the spider milf's room. "I didn't mean to do that!"

"Yeah, no shit." She was absolutely covered in strings, if I had to guess it was from when she was getting close and personal with the puppet samurais.

A battered Falion was facing her. The catgirl promptly took advantage of the martial artist's apparent distraction to lunge at her. Unfortunately, Ranma's movements weren't dependent on her attention, so she got kicked out of the room much like I was a moment ago.

All right, let's deal with this.

"Hold on, Ranma, I know just to deal with this," I said, and then dashed towards her at full speeds.

The martial artist was somehow moving like herself even though she was being controlled by another, so there was no way in hell I could win against her. However, I spent weeks familiarizing myself with the way Ranma moved in combat, and I was at least strong enough to give her some trouble. So when Ranma move to meet my charge head-on, I noped out of the way in the last second and went for the strings with my chainsaw bat.

The displacing kick nearly took my wrist out of the socket. Before I could even blink, Ranma was palming me away from her and making me bounce painfully over the floor and then against the wall.

I stayed leaning there for a second while my double vision went back to normal. Ok, this won't be as easy as I imagined.

"I'm so sorry!"

"I know." I groaned as I pushed myself to my feet. Woah, Ranma actually sounded pretty distressed.

Shaking my head out of the last of the dizziness. I raised my bat toward my pale-looking martial artist friend locked in a fighting stance. Before casually moving my aim to the spider milf and shooting a Mana Bolt toward her head.

It exploded against Ranma's guard, as she was suddenly on the way.

Jesus Christ! This is rapidly turning worst possible scenario, isn't it?

Ranma grinned her teeth in pain as the skin of her arms finished fizzling. Her eyes open wide with realization. "S-She is controlling me!"

"Yep!" I agreed, trying to keep my tone calm as I surveyed my options. I could see the strings, there was that at least, I just needed some way to cut them without giving the opportunity for Ranma to stop me.

Hm, time to Krillin my Mana Bolt into a magical cutting disc!

The Milf spider twitched her fingers again, and I braced myself to an attack. Parry or dodge, I got to parry or dodge!

It never came.

Ranma... Ranma stayed in place, a low growl echoing from her throat and slowly growing in volume. All of her muscles bulging with effort.

Wait, is she?

"UWAHHHHHHHHH!!"

Ranma moved.

A loud crack resonated across the area. The spider woman looked down to see one of her fingers bending completely backward.

Ranma did not stop moving, she turned back and stomped her way toward the spider woman, the sounds of fingers cracking and splitting apart accompanying her every step.

When Ranma came to stand over the enemy, the woman's hands were an unrecognizable mass of gore and shattered bones. She calmly raised her melancholic green eyes back, her serene expression never moving an inch even as a roundhouse kick burst her head open like a rotten watermelon.

Ranma collapsed to the floor, breathing hard against the dark wood.

That broke the paralyzing spell that had seemly descended over my body; I put my bat and way and ran toward my fallen friend. Kneeling next to her.

"Ranma, you're alright?" I said, hovering a hand over her sweaty, sickly pale form. That hand was quickly caught in a tight grip.

"Hiroshi, I'm so sorry, man." Ranma croaked out from between her heavy breaths. God, how much effort that stunt must have taken from her?

"It's alright dude, I can't really fault you for the actions of an enemy." I bend down and pulled her arm over my shoulder. "Come on, let's get you up."

I bore most of her weight as she tried to steady her legs under her. Her body pressed against mine, head still downcast.

"I'm sorry, I just... Losin' control of my body like that... It made me feel so... Fuck." She continued to mumble quietly.

I only nodded and kept silent as she pulled herself together. It didn't feel right to let things stay like this, so I added. "It was pretty metal."

"... Hm?" She looked up.

"The way you got rid of her control, it was metal as fuck, very awesome," I said, alternating between English and Japanese for her to understand.

"Metal as fuck." She repeated in that atrocious English that sounded adorable in her female form. Then she shook her head a bit. "I guess it was... Damn, right it was!" She finished with a growing grin, pushing herself off me before "Gah! Crap!" She went rigid, and I had to hold her again to prevent her from falling. "I think I pulled something." She added a bit comically.

I just grinned, saying "We better find Falion to take care of it then." And enjoying as Ranma face acquired the biggest 'oh shit' expression I ever saw.

It was at that point that the aforementioned cat girl burst out from the wall.

"Hi, Master! I can't control my body so I'll probably try to kill you! Kill me before that happens, ok?" She spoke way too cheerfully.

Sure enough, the same type of strings that were wrapped on Ranma was now wrapped on her, and they led to a different place.

Oh great, the spider milf was this floor's mob monster.

-0-0-0-​

There is only a single answer for a mob monster as troublesome as the spider milf, and that is to run the fuck towards the boss.

Of course, that wasn't a simple prospect, we were working with the thought that if the mob monster was that troublesome, imagine how much bullshit the boss would be. So we hid, we healed, we made plans and strategies, and we avoided the fuck out of the puppet samurais, before finally going to the boss.

I can safely say we were ready for war.

Imagine our surprise when the boss turnedout to be a hulk-like beast with a grotesque spider head, and not a stronger version of the spider milf or something equally unreasonable.

Ranma and I nearly sighed in relief. There wasn't any bullshit with that guy; no tricks, no hidden abilities, no devilishly intelligent, just good ol' fist-a-cuff against a murderous berserker monster that was twice as strong and tough as Ryoga.

Practically therapeutic, really.

Needless to say, we were in a good mood after we utterly thrashed the boss using classic anti-Kuno tactics and ascended towards the seventh floor.

For me, the good mood only lasted till I had a look at the floor itself.

"Finally!" Ranma exclaimed, brightly. "Screw that cheap horror movie look! Fresh air!" She pulled a long, drawn-out breath and instantly fell into a coughing fit. "'lright, not so fresh."

"Nyah?" Falion looked around curiously, before her ears and tails dropped in disappointment, probably for the lack of bleeding walls.

And I just... stood there, paralyzed.

At the first glance, the grotesque, organic growths that were covering the temple from the start and were growing steadily worse as we ascended had seemly disappeared. A more attentive looker would notice that they didn't disappear so much as... fused with the temple almost thoroughly that it formed a brownish, fossilized layer over everything that looked almost like normal wood in the lack of light.

There were no walls, no hallways, no furniture; just a huge open space similar to a warehouse, framed by mighty pillars of fossilized flesh. It was dark, but not like the previous floors, you can actually see the other side of the room, where the tellings of a gate appeared in the gloom.

And standing in the distance between this gate and us, was a short figure in snow-white kimono looking at us with emotionless, alien eyes.

... Shit, the only thing missing was the boss music.

"Look alive guys, this isn't over."

Both the Martial artist and the catgirl looked up at my words. I pointed with my bat to direct their eyes to the figure.

Ranma frowned. "It's a kid."

"Take it from me, man, in this circumstance it just means he's super strong," I said.

And then we died.

I died actually, I felt the unseeing force passing through my body, I felt as my meat and bone lose consistency and flew away as tiny cubes of flesh, I felt my head being severed from my neck and spinning in the air.

"GET AWAY!"

These words brought me back to reality, as did Ranma's body impacting me midair as she picked up the slack of my reaction jump and turned it into a proper leap. A powerful shockwave rolled over where we were standing, and the surface of two nearby pillars was neatly cut in several dozen places.

I saw lines gleaming ominously in the dark as Ranma and I landed.

"Spider webs," I muttered.

What was surely the final boss had taken to the air and was now looming menacingly over the whole area, the gleam beneath his feet told me he was standing on a web rather than flying, several other gleams showed that the whole of the ceiling was covered in webbings.

"See," I said to a pale Ranma who was looking at the boss in wide-eyed surprise. "Super strong."

With a brief hand motion, the boss sent web after web of whirling death at us, carving deep lines over the ground and pillars as they slashed through all they passed. It gave us no choice other than to mad dash out of the way of the attacks.

It was hard to focus as the sharp slashing sounds echoed all over, occasionally followed by booming crashes as a supporting pillar finally gave out under the relentless assault. The ground all but disintegrating under my feet, with only the mysterious bullshit that kept this zone's structural integrity preventing the whole floor from collapsing over the one beneath it. I couldn't think of anything other than running and dodging. The flashes of pain and the trickling of my Hp bar punished all my failures.

I couldn't let this continue I realized, so I took a gamble; I went against my developing fighting instincts and rolled my body into a hasty jump, receiving a deep cut on my shoulder from the improper dodge but riding the momentum of the attack until to put me in the perfect position to aim at the little spider fucker.

My Mana Bolt flew across the distance between us, but even as it exited my hand I knew it was too slow. With almost insulting ease, the boss leaned his body to the side letting the projectile pass without taking a single step. He raised his hand to end me— before changing his motion midway to shred a large piece of debris that was tossed in his direction from the opposite side.

I didn't need to look to know that Ranma was making good use of the pieces of that collapsed pillar, so I simply readied my bat and started to strike Mana Bolts at the enemy. This time, with the speed boost provided by my swings, they weren't as simple to avoid.

Still, the boss moved like a ballerina in the air. Each step he took was a short, graceful leap towards another web. Like me, Ranma kept up the assault, yet no debris could reach him and the closest one turned to dust before they could. My Mana bolts were mostly being avoided, with the occasional piece of debris being redirected on their way to act as a shield.

He was too far to reach without the risk of being shredded, and the distance was too great for our attacks to be effective. But this was better than before, at the very least we've managed to give back some of what he was throwing at us back, the psychological effect of finally biting back after scurrying around the place like rats— And fucking Ranma was flying towards him.

He immediately answers this by lashing out with three cutting threads coming from different directions. Ranma, in direct opposition to the laws of physics and common sense, twisted her body out of the way of the attacks somehow, only to have a fishing web-like formation thrown at her.

My Banishing Mana Bolt struck the martial artist on her side catapulting her out of the way of the danger. The boss instantly swirled around and focused on me.

A flush of blue flames erupted from the battlefield and spread across the ceiling. I blinked in surprised at the unexpected development and as I watch was the fire rapidly trailed over the spider webs spreading all across the place I figured it was a good thing.

Then I had to jump out of the way of a flaming spider web as it slashed and burned everything behind me.

His attacks were even harder to dodge now he wasn't staying put in a single position. I did my best to weave, roll and dance around the attacks until I bumped my back against a Pillar; the only thing in the room that could provide some extent of cover.

"Hey," Ranma said next to me.

I did not let out a little yelp of surprise, shut up!

Ranma was... well, Ranma was a harrowing sight; her improvised chest binder was all but a memory, as was the crusty, bloody, dirty male underwear that has been holding on all night, normality a naked female Ranma would have been a more than welcoming view, but right now all I could focus was the countless cuts lingering all over her form. Small and long, shallow and deep... none severe enough to put her out of the fight, but too many, way too many. If she was a normal person, she would have fallen into shock long ago.

... I suppose I wasn't in a much better state, funny how fast that came to be. Two naked, bloodied, bros fighting a boss that would turn them into small cubes at the first opportunity.

"Hey yourself," I eventually answered. "So, flaming webs..."

She grinned. "I know right! I can finally see his attacks."

"Wait wait, wait, what! Then how the hell did you dodge- you know what, never mind." I wipe some of the blood that was getting on my eyes. "We got to invest in better long-range attacks after we get out of this."

"Yep." Ranma agreed, sounding a bit more cheerful than before. "Any ideas?"

I spied some of the flaming spider webs hanging on the ceiling around the pillar and going to the corners, it was right above us. The pillar won't last much longer but it was amazing how he didn't just go around it to get us. Was he being distracted by something?

No, I'm the one getting distracted, fucking blood lost.

"Ye...Yeah, I'mma try something." I grunted.

Ranma nodded, "I'll wait for your move then." Saying that she leaped back out of cover and back into the fray. The webs managed to cut through and collapse the pillar a few seconds later.

Soon I was dancing around deathly webs again, this time forming a Mana bolt as I moved and making it hover over my palm.

Would be really nice to get a skill or a title for pulling shit out of my ass, feel like I've been doing that in every major fight I've been in... Or anything at all really, after weeks with little pings and pop screens, not having them then when shit went down was disturbing.

The Mana bolt flattened in my hand, its shape spinning using the same principle as my chainsaw bat, but at a fraction of the effort.

Unlike with the round surface of a baseball bat, making the concept of cutting stick to that was almost child play.

As soon as the spell solidified in my hand, I was making a move that would make Krillin proud and Olympic gymnasts green with envy. Leaping over razor-sharp threads in an artistic spin. I let the magical disc fly up towards the target.

It was faster than a normal Mana Bolt but slower than one propelled by my bat, in any case, the boss had plenty of time to notice the attack and move out of the way.

Doesn't matter, he wasn't the target.

As the disc flew past him, the boss tried to reposition for a counter... Only to find thread he was standing over going slack under his feet. He fell for a single second before producing another web and regaining control. A single second was enough.

"HYAHHHH!!!" Ranma shouted triumphantly as her feet struck the boss' face in an impact that practically reverberated throughout the room. He shot towards the ground like a meteor, landing in a booming crash that sent a cloud of dust and debris high in the air.

The cloud dissipated a moment later as spider webs shot from all sides with him at the epicenter. He leaped towards the closest web to take the high ground again.

Nope! It went slack again; just like the ones around it and the one he made to prevent his next fall.

I was on his ass now, and I wasn't about to let it go.

So I became Krillin, banger of androids.

... Fucking blood loss.

Ranma descended upon the boss again. I couldn't see what happened but I heard the explosion it caused and saw the pieces thrown into the air along with a white blur painfully bouncing over the floors and pillars.

We finally had a chance to do damage; the biggest one we had since the fight started. But as much as it appeared like the boss wasn't good at close range, he was no less dangerous. I had to alternate between cutting the webs around the ceiling to prevent his ascent and giving Ranma support by cutting the webs projected by his direct attacks. Still, Ranma was on him, landing hits, interrupting his moves, bouncing him around. This wasn't so one-sided anymore.

It was a feint that fucked me over, until now the boss had only displayed the ability to unleash devastating attacks at a distance and move quickly around the area, it was dumb, but neither of us was prepared when he changed strategies. I had just sent several Mana discs over to break the formation of an attack he had about to use on Ranma before a rogue thread suddenly went taut and dragged his body away from Ranma punch.

I immediately sent more discs to pass around Ranma to prevent a counter, and I was prepared in case he attempted to go back up.

The bastard went towards me instead.

In a single instant, he was landing beside me. His form now battered and bruised due to Ranma's efforts, but no less emotionless than when I've first seen him. I couldn't help but notice how his pale hair and the dots on his face made him look remarkably like the spider woman from the previous floor, and his eyes; silver over red focused completely on a singular purpose. His momentum took the long bangs off his face and I could see his second eyes and a number six kanji he had for a pupil.

A good chunk of my Mp disappeared as I poured all I could on a Chainsaw bat and swung towards—

The webs gleamed as they passed, like a ripple in a calm lake. I blinked at the dark shapes that rolled into my vision.

Ah, my arms....

They are flying away...

... I don't know what possessed me in that moment to have my next idea.

Summoning strength from god-knows-where, I lunged forwards and snatched one of my severed arms from the air with my teeth. Before the boss could do anything about it I drove the new pointy ends of my Radius and Ulna into the area where his neck met his shoulder, Rin's anatomy lessons ringing in my ears.

I yanked my arm to the side to make sure the bone broke inside the little fucker as a last fuck you. A virtual cage of webs formed around me at that point, ready to finish me up.

"AGAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Ranma screamed at the top of her lumps, somehow piercing through the webs with a spinning dropkick that struck the boss in his back. The shockwave manifested an unnatural gale in the area that caught me right in the front and sent me to test the world's ragdoll physics again, but at least it took me away from the webs.

Something snatched me up before I could stop rolling. Fucking hell, abrupt swift in momentum was giving me motion sickness.

"HIROSHI!" Ranma yelled in my face.

"H-Hey— did you pull something out of your ass in that last attack?" We're pulling shit out of our asses mid-fight buddies now!

"Your arms!"

"Ah yeah, fuck." I raised my... stumps to eye level... It wasn't pretty to see, the cuts were as clean as they come, but they were uneven and it kinda showed everybody the muscles and nerve ends and spurting blood and the color of my insides... no man should see the color of their insides.

I gulped the noise I was about to make, and instead said. "They'll grow back."

"What!?"

"My body is weird remember! Look, we don't have time for this. We have to deal with the boss before he kills us! Help me up!"

Ramna stared at me incredulously for a few moments. Then almost at slow motion, her expression closed up, a dark look crossing her eyes.

"No... you stay here." She said this and pushed my body to lean on a pillar, "I'll deal with him myself."

Naturally in the face of this horseshit, I open my mouth to protest, but the words just got caught up in my throat, the area around seemly becoming heavier... and colder...

Ranma rose to her full height, walked a short distance, and kicked my baseball bat off the ground and to her hand.

The Boss had just finished yanking my severed arm out of his shoulder. His injuries, the recent one I gave and the previous ones caused by Ranma, began to close at frightening speeds.

Then, ominous-looking threads were making a path of obliteration once again. Ranma met it head-on.

It became very clear, very quickly, that I should have given my baseball bat to Ranma long ago. Whatever ki bullshit Kuno could do to make his bokken as sharp as a lightsaber, Ranma could do it too. So when the gleaming strings of death descended on her, she shredded a path right through it, holding my bat in a reverse grip and incorporating it into her fighting style in a way I never thought possible.

The boss leaped back, trying to create some distance, but Ranma was in his face and stayed there.

Explosions rang about as the two blurred figured dashed across the battlefield and brutal attacks flew uncontrollably from every side.

Fuck. I let out a chilled breath that I could actually see, realizing, to my surprise, that the momentary drop in temperature wasn't in just my head.

So that's what happens when an angry Ranma tries to kill you.

... And

... And I could do nothing to help, just try to follow it with my eyes, while my severely depleted Hp slowly trickled down.

"Master!"

"Gah!"

What is it with people sneaking on me behind pillars! I was trained by a ninja! This isn't supposed to happen!

"Falion?" I looked over the catgirl that I've honestly forgotten about.

She looked... about as well as Ranma and I. The only reason she wasn't naked was because she started off with more clothes in the first place, but now they are merely a collection dirty of straps clinging to her bloody and battered form.

Her large, enthusiastic smile was still on her face though, that apparently took a lot more to get rid of.

"I was trying not to get killed!" She explained chirpily. Tearing a long strap from what remained of her clothes before ripping it in two. With the two-piece of fabric in their hands, she got closer and tied each of them tightly over my stumps, finally stemming the flow of blood and stopping the trickling of Hp. "What should I do now, master?"

I let out a short burst of laughter, I didn't know why, it's just something the way she asked the question, the timing, the fact she waited after everything just to asks me that, struck me as hilarious.

"Help-" I choked a bit. "Help Ranma. I doubt you can do anything up close, so stay at a distance, giving him support where you see fit, try to maximize the damage Ranma makes, or give him openings to do more damage. Try to do the opposite to the enemy... do it at your own discretion."

That's the basics of the Kuno strategy we come up with to deal with Kuno when I was weaker than him.

"Okie Dokie, master! I'll make sure the enemy is killed! Falion!"

The catgirl formed three flickering illusionary clones and sent them running in different directions before she bolted into action herself. Leaving me behind while I struggled to hold back my laughter.

Okie Dokie. God! It reminds me so much of funny pony videos, hilarious!

The sounds of the battle raged on behind me. The webs cutting through the air bringing devastation in their wakes. Powerful crashes producing shockwaves and explosions that shook the floor. Loud flashes of blue fires streaming over all.

And I just sat there, my burst of laughter slowly turning into pain, a lot of pain, like cold knives stabbing every single one of my muscles at the same time.

Fuck, is the adrenaline coming down? The adrenaline must be coming down. A particular bad stab made me jerk, an action that brought a whole new world of aches tumbling down. I ground my teeth and tightened my fists in an attempt to bear it.

No, wait, that's right, no arms.

I brought my stumps back up again, noticing that now they weight like they're made of pure lead. Is this going to get fixed right? I mean, I distinctly remember regrowing an eye at my first encounter with the supernatural, I don't think I'll ever forget that.

I only needed to... to... rest; if I get a proper rest and this is all go away, this horrible, horrible pain. My whole body was jerking and trembling now, and it was making everything worse and worse, every motion was pain, every move was agony. I could felt my mind sinking into this circle.

My stumps hit my lap as their weight became too much to bear. I just sat there against this half-broken pillar while my friend fought for his life behind me. Useless, fucking useless, I couldn't even land any proper hit, and when the boss came for me I went down in a single move, and now I'm moaning and gurgling like a bitch because this damn pain is overwhelming my senses.

Fuck this!

Fuck this shit!

I slammed my head against the solid pillar behind me, the impact made my mind swirl, but I did it again anyway, and again and again.

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!Fuck!Fuck!Fuck!

My body fell to the broken floor as my attempt to move made my everything collapse under me. I blinked the blurs out of my eyes and look past the blood and sweat pouring down from me and to the useless stump that had fallen near my head.

Grinding my teeth, I raise it as high as I could before slamming it on the ground.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The scream felt distant to my ears as bolts after bolts of coursing agony made my body trash and squirm. I took that pain and taming the energy it brought and directing it at my limbs.

The world was shifting so I brought it to halt; my legs weren't working so I force them to work anyway. My memory blanked up the process but I was on my feet again, and I was walking.

Everything hurt, so I made that my focus. And some deranged part of my mind was urging me on.

It was all I needed.

They were fighting, Ranma, Falion, and the boss, they were evenly matched. The boss hadn't taken off to the ceiling yet for some reason, without me to cut the threads I thought he would be able- Ah, his right arm was hanging limb on his side him. I remembered my last move, the piece of my broken bone is fucking up his nerves, and he can't stop and dig it out because of the pressure Ranma was putting on him. A wide grin of satisfaction nearly split my mouth.

"HEY, MOTHERFUCKER REMEMBER ME!?"

Someone- I screamed? I think I did, it doesn't matter, I wasn't focused on it. To busy bring my stumps up and focusing my mana on them.

Yeah, I'm totally Megaman'ing that bitch.

"EAT THIS!"

I focused all my pain, my rage, my willpower, and my maniac glee into this next move. With a perfect rendition of Megaman X7's main theme basting in my head for some reason, a stream of oversized Mana bolt exploded out of my stumps like a gory machine gun. My singular hatred towards my target making the bullets hone in towards the fucker.

I believe there were some reactions to my entrance, some words shouted at me or something. But they didn't matter now because the boss was standing back up again, and now his webs were glowing bright red.

I took aim and prepared for another burst.

And I'm back in the fight where I belong.

-0-0-0-​

It's funny how you can lose yourself doing something.

I don't remember much of what happened next, but I felt my body moving, I felt it attacking, I felt it dodging, I felt it losing more parts it probably shouldn't be losing. I felt all of that a detached sort of way.

At some point, the world around me had been completely destroyed, with nothing to stand on but debris and wreckage. Raging blue flames illuminated everything, the best source of light we had all night, which was good because it allowed me to see the moment Ranma separated the boss' head from his broken, half-scorched body and then beat it into a pump till it liquefied into blood.

It's over.

Finally.

I wasn't really feeling much of anything anymore, so collapsing on my back was like watching an old film with missing frames, one moment I was watching a scene, and the next there was the new scene showing only the ceiling.

Something red appeared next, but by now the world had lost too much consistency to make sense of it. The colors mushed together into a confusing pool for a second, before slowly starting to ooze out to somewhere else, letting the darkness fill in.

My ears were detecting words and I think I was shaking, or being shaken, I don't know... everything was too dull, too make...

Ah shit, I better check my Hp. I think I'm dying.

-0-0-0-​

"...Brilliant showing..."

"...You have exceeded all my expectations..."

"...Now come to me..."

-0-0-0-​

Running water... Bird chirping... the rhythmic thuds of a Shishi-odoshi... The calming music of a spring morning stirred my awareness.

It was like waking up on a warm bed on a cold morning, my mind felt mushy and slow to respond, my body heavy but brimming with energy, I couldn't really tell the point I started noticing things rather than just feeling them...

I open my eyes to the familiar fabric of high-quality yukata I distinctly remember getting rid of after it got too bloody now covered my folded legs, the Japanese part of my mind recognized that I was in a comfortable kneeling position, with my hands resting over my thighs- my hands.

My hands... My hands! My forearms! I raised them to my eyes, testing the curl of my fingers, the roll of my wrists, the tightness of my fists.

My arms are back!

And not just that, I wasn't feeling any pain anymore. A brief glance was all it took to see that all the injures I've been accumulating, healing, reopening, and aggravating throughout the night were gone. Being completely free of pain after hours and hours of powering through an ever-increasing amount of it felt almost strange to me now.

"Gah! Murgumughnslhn..." A short gasp following by the zombie-like murmuring of an individual who does not function well during early mornings brought my attention to my side, where I found Ranma kneeling next to me, trying to blink the haziness out of her eyes. She was still female and was also wearing the yukata she got rid of before. The outfit couldn't properly close over her chest - being build for a different body type - so I noticed that much like me, she was completely uninjured.

"Ranma?" I called, which caused her to visibly jolt to full awakeness and look at me. "The hell happened?"

Her stare lasted for a few seconds, to which I could only look back dumbly. Then, I was tackled to the ground by a red missile.

"HIROSHI!"

"GAHHHHH!!!"

I take it back! Being free of pain wasn't strange at all! Put me back in that blissful state! Ohmyfuckinggod my spine!!!

"Let me go you crazy bitch!"

"You're alive!"

"Not if you keep this up!"

It took some fumbling around, but eventually, I was able to unhook her arms from my abused sides and push her back a little. Goddamn, I couldn't even appreciate the boob press if the press is this hard.

Wait a second.

"Dude, you're crying?"

Never before in both of my lives I've seen someone express record scratching before, I swear I could even hear the sound.

Ranma jumped back, her arm quickly wiping the totally-not-tears from her eyes. "I'm not cryin'!"

Being the friend that I was, I pressed on. "Aww, it's ok, dude, I'd totally cry for you if our roles were reversed"

"I'm not crying, shut up!" She shouted and stepped over my grinning face.

So easy.

"Kyah! D-Did you just lick my foot, bastard!?"

"D-Did you just 'kyah' at me!"

I. Will. Never, let her live this down.

Our bickering continued until it grew physical, as they often did, with punches and kicks, and a wrestling match that saw Ranma sitting on my lower back and pulling my legs backward while I screamed.

By the end, we were sweaty, lightly bruised... and feeling infinitely better.

I pushed myself from the floor and sat back up again. "Alright, seriously now, the hack happened, where the hell are we?" I asked because this certainly wasn't a place I've been to before.

A vast, Japanese-style room that reminded me of the interior of the Temple, it was scarce in decoration but it felt... richer somehow, the tatami felt softer, the woods of the structure looked sturdier, the colors looked more vibrant. One side opened to reveal a well-cared-for garden, with a crystalline stream crossing right in the middle. Beyond said garden the land slopped into a mountainous horizon, with thick clouds zigzagging around forested peaks.

Ranma just panted on the floor for a few moments, before she sat back up and shrug helplessly. "... You died." She explained, looking at a fixed point on the floor. "Then that big door opened and a bright light flashed. Then we woke up here." She let out an annoyed grunt. "Dun't know what's goin' on either."

"You have struggled."

Ranma and I instantly went rigid with tension as the sudden presence appeared in the room with us.

"Lost, cast out, plunged in the depths of darkness where you were forced to face creatures who sought to take everything from you."

W-

W-What's is this?

W...What's happening?

It's right there in the corner - It's there - I can't face it - It's there - I can't turn my head, I can't move - it's there - t-this presence, not crushing, not threatening, j-just, just there.

"But you fought back, you deny them. Through strength, through ingenuity, through cunning, you have met the challenge and have not been found wanting."

Transcendental.

It's the only word that came to mind, something of this world yet above it at the same time. It's so distinct from everything else because it's so beyond it. Like a fine portrait among children's drawings.

And it's... and it's...

"You ascended. You ascended and triumph followed at your wake, even through all the pain, all the suffering, you have persevered. Going further than even one such as I had imagined."

It's so warm.

"So here you are, at the peak."

The clog keeping my breath in my throat disappeared, causing an explosive gush of air to explode in and out as I tried to center myself back again. The presence was still there but I got used to it... no, I was allowed to get used to it... just like I was allowed to notice it in the first place.

Finally, I was able to turn my head, and look at the being the Game System had deemed as one of the most powerful in Japan.

There are... some expressions, some sayings writers use to convey concepts or events that are not easily explained on paper. Many of them have grown so cliché that they became a well-used trope, something you read and understand, but you can't really conceptualize because you experience more on writings than on real life, so for you, it's just that; a writer's quirk that shows up again and again. You forget that sometimes, it actually means more than you believe.

So when I say that the woman I saw made my heart skip a beat, it's because my heart really did skip a beat.

"Greetings."

The purest example of a Yamato Nadeshiko smiled at me with perfect ruby-red lips. Her shockingly pink eyes gleamed at me with tranquil, welcoming warmness, and I couldn't help but to follow her long, lustrous hair, a cascade of midnight black that fell straight, then waved slightly, before changing into a fiery orange color at the ends, molding almost perfectly to the autumn shades of the beautifully layered kimono that hugged her form.

"I am the Oni who reached heaven, and you have conquered my trials."

So enthralled I was that I almost forgot to read the... many... tags...

Kamado Nezuko
The Heavenly Oni
Eighth of The Ten Heavenly Ones
The Oni Queen
Second Queen of Blood
Arch Berserker
The Jailed Queen
The Beautiful Dancer of the Dawn.
Scion of The Sun Touched.
The Rose Flame of Annihilation
Level: ??????

...

...

...Well, I, hm.

That's a way to make an impression.

For several seconds nobody spoke, nobody even moved. To be honest, I don't know where the hell should I go from there. S-Should I say something? What to you even say to someone who can probably kill you with a casual glance?

*THWAP!*

It took me even more seconds to process what had just happened.

I mean, how should I react to seeing the perfect personification of power and beauty that the Gamer System itself all but told me to not fuck with go from smiling peacefully to rapidly bobbing her head back and forwards like a bobblehead.

"What the heck lady!? Do you know how much trouble you caused us!?" Ranma shouted at her, her fist smoking a little.

... Oh dear Ranma just bonked the Oni God Queen on the head.

OH FUCK RANMA JUST BONKED THE ONI GOD QUEEN ON THE HEAD!

I was on my feet the next second. "Fuckin- Oi Ranma! Can you think before you act for once in your life!"

"What!? You defendin' her after what she put us through!?"

"She can kill us!" I hissed, casting a glance over the woman to see how screw we were. She was now looking fixedly ahead, horrified. "She might kill us."

Ranma huffed and gave all indication she was going to argue back. Before she paused, cocked her hips to the side and changed her scowl into a cocky grin that looked way-too-sexy in her female form. "Oh yeah, then what are you with your bat."

I snapped a look at my raised baseball bat like it had betrayed me.

Hehehe nope, I'mma creature of logic, there is no fucking way I would stoop as low as to make an anime-tier stupid decision in such critical time— Oh the bitch put us through so much!

*THWAP!*

My bat thudded against her head with my full strength behind it. The bobblehead action restarted.

"W...What!?" Finally, her brain managed to catch up with current events and she looked up, seeing us looming over her, metal bat bouncing palm and knuckles cracking menacingly. "What is the meaning of this! You're supposed to—S-stop! What are you doing!?"

And that's how we met one of the most beautiful and powerful women in the world, and processed to bully her.

-0-0-0-​

"Unbelievable! The audacity! The disrespect! Don't you know who am I!?" The Heavenly Oni whined petulantly.

"Shut up brat! You asked for it!" Ranma scolded the girl.

And it was a girl now. The heavenly oni, perhaps in an attempt to make us stop hitting her each time she tried to speak, changed her form from the stunningly beautiful woman to one of the cutest little girl we ever saw. Her gamble worked, the practically physical aura of cuteness prevented any further attacks, so she had the opportunity to start ranting. Ranma, being Ranma, ranted right back at her.

Meanwhile, I was sitting on the floor, my elbows on my knee, my hand on my face, and doing a heroic attempt not to groan.

... The moment she shirked back into a little girl it clicked, that hair, the pinkish kimono, the cute little huffs and frustrated buffs accompanying her words, and her name.

She's the little loli from Demon Slayer, or Kimetsu No Yaiba – Heh, I can actually remember the Japanese name now – the only thing missing was the bamboo gag to complete the image.

God Fucking Damn it! The one anime, the one anime I was planning to watch right after this whole mess started was now part of my reality, I literally watched the first episode the night before I woke up as Ōe Hiroshi.

This is like Inuyasha, right? In the future, after the end of the series, I mean, obviously, I don't think the manga would depict the mute demon imouto turning into the uber-powerful demon queen she is today... or would it? Crap, I could have been more prepared for this, but instead, all I know about it are memes and the very basic.

I sighed, I did not groan, shut up! Another setting for the 'Hiroshi should know about but don't' list. This is getting old.

Well, whatever, it doesn't affect the matter at hand.

"Why." I intoned, bring the attention of the bickering pair. "Exactly did you put us through that trial anyway?" What was her game?

The little loli put her hands on her hips and puffed her chest, adorably. Everything she did on that form was dangerously adorable. "Isn't it obvious!? To see if you could prove your strength!"

She pointed at me with a spread hand. "You, I had already gauged the worth of your heart during your daring rescue from before, so I only needed to see if your strength could match it!" She moved to Ranma. "You, I took a gamble I'll admit, yet your situation had won me over and your brotherly bond had touched me! And you have shown that your strength was not only adequate but surprisingly impressive!" And just like that Ranma was appeased. Seriously, gush about her strength or give her food and you can get anywhere with this musclehead.

She put her hand back. "And so the beautiful and powerful queen had put her chosen champions to the test and had not been found wanting!"

My head began to throb. What a simple, stupid, utterly anime reason.

All of that, all that shit from before. For that.

"Jesus girl, where did you get these ideas, Final Fantasy?" I couldn't help but voice my complaint.

"I'll have you know that Dragon Quest is better!" She answered immediately, "I-I mean, I came up with it! I-I've tested many champions before!"

Ranma, who probably didn't get before but got it now it was actually been said, scratched her chin. "So, you want us to be your champions?"

"Indeed!" She declared. "You two shall bear my Favor to show you represent and speak for me. I shall send you to do many tasks in my name, and for each task, you shall be rewarded—"

"Pass." Ranma abruptly cuts in. "Sounds like bein' a servant, and Saotome Ranma ain't nobody's servant." The near-instantaneous refusal seems to paralyze the queen of oni.

As for me...

Look, Ranma did not have the same context that I had; he didn't have words and symbols flying before his eyes constantly reminding him how much of a big deal this little girl really is, to Ranma she was just someone with an impressive initial showing that lost it all face after the bulling. It would be a lie to say I wasn't tempted; just these few words had stirred the fires of my imagination. What kind of influence her 'favor' would give me, how many doors would it open in the supernatural community? What kind of benefices having what apparently was one of the strongest people in all of Japan as a backer? And her talk about doing tasks and getting rewarded for it spoke directly to my deep, gamer core too.

Plus, it didn't help she looked absolutely adorable when she was all excited like that.

...

... And yet, none of that excused what she put us through.

"I'm gonna pass too," I added, trying not to sigh.

The little loli looked at us blankly for a few seconds.

If this were an anime there would probably be a simple colored background with dots popping on behind her. Then, she threw her arms in the air and shouted. "OI!"

"Yosh!" Ranma ignored her reaction and rose to her feet, stretching her arms before her. It did interesting to her barely-closed yukata. "Where is the exit? I can use some sleep or some food."

"Same," I said, standing with her.

"Oi! Oi! Oi!" The queen of oni waved her little arms in protest. "Do you know what you're doing!? Do you know how rare this opportunity is!? Can't you at least think about it a little!"

"No."

... Even I was a little taken-aback by the brusqueness of Ranma's refusal this time around.

My pigtailed friend closed her eyes for a moment and seems to mentally take a count. Her face twitching in what I recognized as a badly suppressed scowl. She only opened her eyes back up again when she managed to control her expression.

The last look she gave the heavenly oni was the coldest and darkest I ever saw on Ranma's face.

"Hiroshi almost died because of you." She said simply as if this explained everything, and in a way it, kinda did. "I want nothin' to do with you."

Ranma turned her back to the now sputtering girl, clearly signalizing the end of her contribution to the conversation.

"B-But he didn't... He wouldn't... It was impossible for him to die!" The little oni declared to Ranma's back, trying to gesture her point with her hands. "There was never any danger! It was my spell, you two wouldn't die or even get hurt! I made sure of it!"

"That's not the point," I injected for the first time. "We didn't know that at the time. It felt real to us, all the pain and the trauma... was real to us. I really did believe I lost my arms, Ranma really did believe... I died." I got to my knee, to speak to her at eye level. "You could have talked to us, you could have given better instructions. Heck, you wouldn't even need to tell us we wouldn't get permanently hurt or die, we would probably have agreed to it anyway if you had given us a choice. But the way you did it..." I paused, trying to find the right words for it, "It was too unreasonable."

This is omitting the fact that now she's being very reasonable, especially for someone in her apparent position and power. I tried to imagine what would happen if she was a straight example of the 'Mysterious powerful patron.' Trope. She could have thrust the role upon us, sent us back without any explanation just a new set of rules and duties we had to follow, she could have punished us for every transgression and disrespect we uttered in her presence – probably while making one of those 'ojou-sama' laughter – She could have done so much. Just keeping her early presence fully active would have changed the entire course of the conversation.

The fact that she didn't, that she engaged us at the same level and even let us walk all over her says a lot about her character.

But, like I said before, it doesn't excuse the bullshit she put us through.

Being pushed to the brink of despair isn't a fun experience for anyone.

Resting my baseball bat on my shoulders I stood back up and looked away from her before I could empathize, sad little girls are just too big of a weapon. Ranma had paused for while, waiting for me to finish speaking, but now that I was at her side again, she resumed walk towards the exit.

"W...Wait."

Okay, what we were doing is a bit silly. It is certainly not the exit, just one door in wherever the hell we were. If I had to bet, I'd said this is still inside the little oni's 'spell' as she put it. But it's symbolic enough.

"Hey, wait please!"

... Alright, I wonder if my skills are working again, maybe I could try escaping or erasing this 'Illusion Barrier' once again, failing that... I wonder if the girl would let us go.

Ranma pulled the door open.

"Help me!"

That stopped us in our tracks.

We could hear the little girl approaching from behind with small, hesitant steps.

"I... I need your help." The girl quivered a little when I turned back to her. "I can't leave this place, it's... complicated... Long and complicated, I..." A conflict of emotion no child should ever display danced across her face before she shook her head. "That!" She suddenly pointed at my baseball bat resting on my shoulder. "I could smell it the moment you stepped in the temple's ground, Grandp- Tōtōsai worked on it, didn't he? You know where to find him." She shuffled on her feet, hands unconsciously gripping on her sides. "You don't have to become my champions, but please, please, can you help me deliver a message to him? Hm.. I can't communicate with the staff of the Temple for various reasons; even the golems I've managed to sneak outside can't... You're the first people I talked to in a long... long time..." Her tiny nervous fists pressed tightly against her chest as she raised her head for the first time.

"I messed up, I'm sorry about that, but can you please help me? I... I got no one to really turn to."

...

Well, that's just unfair, isn't it?

I looked at Ranma, Ranma looked at me, and both of us knew we're hooked. Really, we've been hooked since she first asked for help with such sincerity in her voice. Everything that followed had just noise.

Sad lolis man, you just can't win against them, it might as well be a law in this world.

I, being the more diplomatic of the two of us, stepped forwards. "... Next time, you talk to us first. Communication is important if we want this to work." The little girl nodded as I knelt down and offered her my hand. Her pink eyes gleamed with hope and boy; it was a sight to see. "I guess we can start like this. Hi, I'm Ōe Hiroshi this is my friend Saotome Ranma, I hear you'd like to hire our services."

She wiped her eyes, and the beaming, fanged smile she showed me was like an arrow to the heart. "Hi! I'm Kamado Nezuko, you can call me Nezuko in private, and I very much do!"

-0-0-0-​

Level up!

Level up!

Level up!

Level up!

Level up!

+ 1 Str.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 End.

+ 1 Agi.

+ 1 Agi.

+ 1 Dex.

+ 1 Wis.

+ 1 Wis.

+ 1 Wis.

Requirement met (+50 Dex), Perk acquired!

Perk: Ambidextrous
Able to use your non-dominant hand equally well as your dominant one.

Requirement met (+50 Str, + 50 End, +50 Dex, + 50 Agi), Special Perk acquired!

Special Perk: Ki
Unlock Ki bar. Gives bonus percentages to all physical attributes in relation to the state of the ki bar. Allow for the creation of Ki-related techniques and abilities.

Martial Arts Mastery Leveled up!

Martial Arts Mastery Leveled up!

Club Mastery Leveled up!

Skill created through special action: Physical Resistance.
Increases your natural resistance against Physical Damage, takes less damage from physical attacks.

Physical Resistance Leveled up!

Physical Resistance Leveled up!

Physical Resistance Leveled up!

Skill created through special action: Pain Tolerance.
Let's you better tolerate the ill effects of intense pain over your body and mind.

Pain Tolerance Leveled up!

Pain Tolerance Leveled up!

Pain Tolerance Leveled up!

Spell created: Blade Mode.
Produce a blade of raw mana over most surfaces.

Spell created: Chainsaw Mode.
Produce shearing mana blades like that of a chainsaw over most surfaces.

Spell created: Mana Disc.
A rotating disc of raw mana carrying the intent of cutting.

Title gained: Determinator
Your fighting spirit is unshakable and your willpower is unbreakable. You are able to push well past your limits to fulfill a task. You are now greatly resistant to all forms of negative mental effects and attacks.

Quest completed:
+ 20.000 exp.
Your closeness with Kamado Nezuko has vastly increased.
You received the Favor of the Heavenly Oni.

Level up!

New Quest: Message Boy of The Peak.
A cute little loli has asked you to deliver a letter to a dirty old man! Go do it!
Rewards:
+ 5.000 exp.
Increases closeness with Kamado Nezuko.
Increases closeness with Tōtōsai.
Increases closeness with The Ten Heavenly Ones.
???????????????
Failure:
Decrease closeness with Kamado Nezuko.
Accept/Refuse.

Ah, so that is what it feels like to have your vision completely blocked by annoying blue screens...

A knot of worry I was carrying throughout the night dissipated at that.

Thank god those are back, I can't imagine my life without game alerts anymore. You can say I've grown a new appreciation for it after spending the night with it mostly suppressed by whatever Nezuko did.

My appreciation grew further as I started to actually read what it said so I could free up space for my vision. Getting rid of the cheeky written quest notice that was covering most of it, I could finally see the mouth-watering gains of my busy night.

I don't think I'd ever gained so many levels at the same time before, or that many attribute points. The new spells were nothing I didn't know and the new skills were long overdue, but the Dexterity Perk marked the very first perk that was significantly useful to me, and I got a new title to go along with it, one just as powerful as my first one.

But the thing that almost made me jolt out of my futon and start victory dancing like a lunatic across the room was my new special perk.

Ki.

Goddamn Ki.

Finally, fucking finally. The bullshit energy everybody who was anything in Ranma ½ could use. Oh, I was happy with my own brand of bullshit of course, but after days of seeing what Ranma and the rest could pull off it seemly without effort has got me a bit green-eyed. Selfish? Sure, but I'm the gamer gods damn it! I'm a scummy power hoarder by nature!

Plus, Ranma said I would eventually need it to advance in my martial arts. So now it was a guarantee that we wouldn't hit a bottleneck where he couldn't teach me new techniques because I lacked the right esoteric energy to use it.

But man, so my Ki came from a perk... or was translated as a perk. I wonder how much of it was normal and how much was affected by the gamer system, and my magic? Is it also like that too?

Regardless, I had Ki now... though I don't feel any different, to be honest. It wasn't like my mana that I could feel constantly flowing just beneath my skin, Ki was... I can't really tell... I'm not feeling it...

Well, that just means I'll have to do some training, just the usual for this shounen land.

"Oi, Hiroshi?"

Hm?

Ranma, now in his male form given the voice, stirred from his futon and sat up. It seems like I wasn't the only one who experienced multiple level-ups, as a fat 34 now shone under his name and title.

"... Was that real?"

I fumbled around under my sheet, I'm pretty sure I had- got it.

"Yep," I said, waving the elegant scroll case that housed Nezuko's letter for Tōtōsai. "All real, why?"

"Just checking."

A comfortable silence fell down between us for the next few seconds. For a moment, I contemplated asking him about Ki... but one look at the clock showed me that we still had some time before sunlight, and sleep was sounding like a pretty good option for the phantom aching of my limbs right now.

Ranma broke the silence before sandman could claim me, however.

"...Do you ... Do you think we could do that again sometime."

Wait "What!?"

"I-I mean-" Ranma stuttered a little under my incredulous stare. "It got horrible right at the end, b-but before that it was pretty fun, right?"

Fighting semi-naked against increasingly stronger enemies in a horror-game-like zone; the perfect musclehead dream.

Of course Ranma would love it.

"Oi! don't give me that look." He complained defensively. "It wasn't like I was the only one having fun!"

The fuck was he talking about!?

"I was trying to survive! And planning how to win! And trying to figure out what was going on! I wasn't having fun!"

"Oh really, Hiroshi, really?" The martial artist pointed an accusatory finger at me. "Then why you were smiling or grinning most of the time!"

T-That's because there was a beautiful pair of tits bouncing around for me to see, and because I was frequently able to outsmart the enemies with winning strategies, also because I was feeling like an utter badass waving a chainsaw bat around and leaving torn flesh and broken bones in my wake...

"Oh god."

Ranma laughed in vindication. "Oh god indeed." His English was atrocious, and it didn't have the saving grace of being cute in his male form. "Admit Hiroshi! You were also having fun!"

"Oh god, I'm turning into a musclehead!"

"Hahaha, huh!? Who are you calling musclehead, you delinquent!"

D-Delinquent!? How dare-I'm a decent, hard-working member of society... Oh, wait, no, he was kinda right about that—

My current train of thought crashed in my head as I felt a brush of a touch on my back and tensed.

The touch grew in size, displaying a shape and softness that could only be feminine. A quiet, throaty chuckle echoed close to my ears as I felt the body and all its delicious curves dragging from my back to my front.

"Nyan~ Master, you're finally awake!"

Oh.

"There you are Falion," I said, genuinely surprised. The catgirl's face was centimeters from mine but I was able to notice the teasing smirk. "I thought you died, I was getting worried."

"Nyahhh, master is sooo nice." She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and leaned her body over mine like a lazy cat demanding attention. I took her weight easily. "I popped out here after spider boy died, but master wouldn't wake up! So I stayed put and guarded master's Mmm, muscular, sweaty, sleeping body. Did I do well? Praise me! Praiseeee me! Falion~"

"I see." Almost unconsciously, my hands dragged themselves down her back, passing her tight corset and sharp knives, and descended over her puffy little shorts to grab a handful of her rear. It was practically an instinctual reaction to a horny woman on my lap at this point.

Let's see, not as filling as Rin, not as muscular as Minon, but with a unique charm all of the same. Namely, the most perfectly formed peach I'd ever had the pleasure to feel. Not small, not big, just... Chef's kiss.

A low, purry moan escape from her throat as she endured my long, draw-out inspection. Her hips rolled up, pressing more of her bottom against my fingers.

"Neeee, master, there are no more enemies to kill. How about we do something else for fun." Her naughty little giggle left no doubt as to what she was referring to.

Another thirsty Cardian hm? I'm starting to think it's a pattern. As for her proposal... It sounds really attractive after the night that I just had. Plus spending hours close to a naked female Ranma hadn't help with my pent-up state...

Oh for fuck sake! Ranma!

Falion let out a disappointed mewl as I turned my head just as we were about to kiss. Ranma was... locked in a comical expression of horrified shock. If I was lucky, he wasn't processing anything beyond 'there is a cat-like creature in the room', otherwise, this will be more a lot awkward than it already is.

He did look funny though.

"Sorry, Falion, Ranma is in the room, maybe another time."

The catgirl let out a short yowl of dissatisfaction and pouted. My master status apparently protected me from the blunt of her annoyance as she turned to glare at the source of the terrible cockblocking.

Then, her eyes widened and she blinked in confusion. "Oh, she's a man now." and an excited mewl followed "I know master! He can join us! easy peasy don't you think? I got two holes after all!" While I was dealing with the blue screen of death the suggestion provoked in my brain, Falion reached out and flicked Ranma's nose with her tail.

She flicked Ranma's nose with her tail.

She flicked Ranma's nose with her cat tail.

Oh boy.

Ranma's girly scream was loud enough to wake half the temple.



It's 3 am, I'll keep this brief, so I can crash.

Firstly, yeah the 'Demons' form Demons Slayer are called Oni in the show, tricked you, right? They are actually based on the OG definition of an Oni, with was evil human turned to monster.

Why Ranma couldn't see some attacks? He can't see it if they are purely Oni spells. How was he able to dodge Rui's webs if he couldn't see it? He heard them coming.

Sorry if Nezuko was Out of Character, Many things happened she isn't the same person that she was before, but I don't like when stories present an new character in all but name, so I'll endeavor to make her recognizable even with the changes.

Here is the image of Falion, she didn't come off exactly as I wanted, but it's good enough for now.

Spoiler: Falion
Spoiler: Falion 2

A complete madlad called Psyckosama changed the colors of her eyes for me PRAISE BE HIS GREATNESS!

That's it, I hope you like the chapter, to forget to leave some comments, it feeds my soul.
Last edited: Aug 1, 2021
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,503 others
Adudefromthesea
Jul 26, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Oct 23, 2021
Add bookmark
#8,400
As always I must annoy you with a/note at the start of the chapter, but this one is actually important.

READ THIS, SERIOUSLY!

I decided to RETCON three aspects of the story; those affect the story in very minor ways, frankly, so minor that this is more to avoid some continuity headscratches on the more attentive of you.

First is the least important retcon, I just changed the format of the 'Gamer tag' of a character that will appear in the first part of this chapter. You will notice that the only format is different than the first time he appeared, the info is the same
Second is something that was only briefly mentioned, like I don't think most people remember. But there was a passage remarking that Hiroshi has a sister in chapter 6 part II, well there isn't anymore, I retconned Hiroshi's sister before I used her, He only has a brother now.
Finally, I changed the Level Base page to something that I believe is more balanced, and I'd like to thank steamrick for the suggestions, I used some of it. Though because the change in level, Two Character: Seishuuin Shiori and Saotome Genma had their level increased, to how much you wouldn't know because Hiroshi can't see it, just notice that they have one more ? in their levels and leave it at that.

Now here's the chapter. Thank you for your patience.



Chapter 13





I got to give it to the Ragnarok guy he doesn't do things half-assed.

Several days ago when I'd stepped into the Jiyuu-Ji temple for my first official fighting challenge – Apparently a memory to treasure, according to my martial-art-obsessed friend – the place looked like it'd been abandoned for many years. Now... it still looked like it's been abandoned but it wasn't dilapidated anymore.

The layer of weeds and vegetation that was threatening to envelop the temple's grounds have been removed, the tiny spirit statues have been repaired and put in their proper place. There's even been an attempt to fix the half-broken stone floor and I suspect it's been a while since there were that many tiles on the main shrine's ceiling. Every corner I look at has been cleaned and polished and there wasn't a hint of the usual signs of delinquent habitation I had grown depressingly familiar with.

Gook job Ragnarok guy! I'll make an effort to remember your name next time we meet.

I finished that mental declaration by stuffing the last of the melon bread I was eating inside my mouth.

Superior to actual Melon in every way, I say. God needs to step up.

Licking my fingers, I gave a short bow to the recently painted Torii gate before striding inside. I couldn't find any water pavilion so I just walked directly to the main shrine, gave another, deeper bow, threw a couple of coins in the offering box, rang the ancient little bell that somehow still worked, and clapped my hands twice.

Proper etiquette attended to, I finally raised my eyes to the entrance of the shrine, where the spherical shape of the Illusion Barrier still floats. This time it was the usual transparent rather than the yellow tinge from before.

'Here goes nothing,' I thought as I stepped inside.

The world immediately washed away to a sea of red. Everything beyond the temple ground just stopped existing altogether. In the temple itself, all colors and contrast were replaced by shades of darkness, making it hard to see the contours of everything.

And... And there wasn't any giant monster cow anywhere; the spot Tōtōsai sat on last time lay empty.

God damn it! It's never easy, isn't it? Why can't it be a simple 'go to a location and deliver the card' task? Oh lord, please don't tell me the laws of anime are going to make this into a long adventure or something.

Well, it's not like I didn't plan for this development.

"Hello!?" I called out, putting my hands on the side of my mouth to help project my voice. "Little Kami? Squirrel guy! Kami-sama! Tomaru...Semaru..." What was the squirrel's name again? I remember reading it... oh right. "Semurahamaru-sama! Are you there? I humbly request an audience!"

No answer.

Had he left? Can he even leave? This is his temple, I'm sure of that, but I don't really know if he's bound to it or something, and looking for him is a fool's errand; there weren't many places to hide but the blackness on the floor made it near impossible for anyone to find a small figure if it wanted to say hidden. In retrospect, I really should have done more research on Kami before coming here.

"Semurahamaru-sama, have you got my offering!? Please, I just want to talk!" I tried again.

Feels bad to mention the offering in this context, like I only did so to get his attention, but it really was my only option.

The silence stretched out for a long minute. However, just when I was considering giving up and trying again tomorrow the response finally came.

*Squeak*

Semurahamaru
Kami of small delights
Level: 50

Oh, thank god he's here.

The squirrel materialized seemly out of nowhere. He suddenly bounced over my shoulder, twirled his body in the air, and then promptly landed on the foot of the temple before me, where he spread tiny his arms wide as if he'd just performed an act.

"Hello there, Semurahamaru-sama. Thank up for seeming me." I lowered myself to one knee to be more at level with the little kami. "Err... Do you remember me?"

The squirrel gave me a long look, then he looked to both my sides, confirmed that I hadn't brought girls with me this time, and his little shoulders dropped.

Not gonna lie, it's a bit creepy seeing a squirrel act so emotive, but things like that don't even break my top ten anymore, so it hardly fazed me.

"As I was saying Semurahamaru-sama, I humbly thank you for granting me this audienc— Please don't leave!" I cried out to the Kami who had turned to do just that.

Alright, let's skip the proper respects and get to the point. "Actually, I've come today hoping to speak with Tōtōsai-sama."

The look of utter exasperation the squirrel gave me almost made me flinch.

"It's not for repairs or anything related to blacksmithing, I swear!" I quickly added with a wave of my hand. "I just want to deliver a letter from someone who knows him."

The dubious look continued so I made a quick, risky decision and took out Nezuko's scroll from my storage. Making it look like I came from my sleeves, of course.

"This is the letter I've been told to deliver, I hope this proves my story somewhat."

That... did provoke a reaction somewhat, a lack of reaction to be precise. The kami froze, big rodent eyes blinking at the scroll case and it studied it with an unnatural intensity. I made sure to position the scroll in such way that the emblem on the case was clearly visible.

Another option would be to show Nezuko's 'Favor'; a magical tattoo on my wrist that depicts the very same emblem and only appeared when I wanted. But I felt that pulling the letter would make my objective more tangible. Plus, by the way he reacted I'm sure—

*Squeak!* The tiny head of the rodent turned sharply to the side while his little arms crossed over his furry chest. Even if I didn't understand the squeak the gesture is unmistakable.

"You... won't tell me where Tōtōsai-sama went?" I deduced slowly.

*Squeak!*

"... Even after I showed you the scroll."

*Squeak!*

Okay, calm down, don't straggle your best lead to Tōtōsai. This just means it's time for plan B: Abuse the fuck out of anime tropes, namely the fact that the squirrel is a pervert.

And everybody who is a fan of the show knows how to deal with perverts in Ranma½.

"Alright Semurahamaru-sama, that's your decision. Perfectly understandable." I forced a smile on my face. "But... being the benevolent, kind, humble, powerful kami that you are... would you consider answering me for a... proper offering."

Subtle it was not, but it did get the perverted squirrel to pop one eye open and let out an intrigued *Squeak?*

With a flare of showmanship, I reached into my uniform jacket, accessed my storage from there, and took one particular item.

"Oh, Semurahamaru-sama! For the low price of the answer that I seek, I humbly present you this offering!"

Keeping up the theatrics, I dramatically spread my hands to reveal an unmistakable piece of cloth, a charming triangle of soft blue and white with a tiny bow as its crown. The legendary treasure: white and blue-striped panties!

As soon as it appeared, it was snatched from my hands. The squirrel then started rolling around with the underwear like it was a long-lost lover, its squeaky little cries resonating louder than ever before.

*Squeaktooo!*

I allowed myself to relax just a tiny bit. After weeks in this world, I was pretty confident on the authenticity of anime tropes and how they affect the laws of this reality, but there was a small part of me that didn't quite believe it would be this easy.

And the best part? This wasn't some used panties that I stole from some outdoor rack. I literally bought the thing on my way here – with my delinquent looks, prolonged stare, and fixed smile preventing the clerk from judging me for it – Good to know 'fresh' panties worked just as well as 'used' ones for dealing with perverts. This will definitely be useful when Happosai comes around.

... Though I have brought a used panty that Rin left behind just in case. It was my nuclear option, right after plan K.

"So Semurahamaru-sama." I cut in before his reaction escalates to more graphic levels. "I trust you find my offering to be suitable enough?" I started with humble vagueness, obviously and politely meaning and implying something completely different.

The true Japanese way.

The perverted kami looked annoyed for having his fun interrupted, but nevertheless, he stood up and jumped. Instinctively, I raised my hand to catch him in midair, but he used the appendage as a trampoline and launched himself towards my face instead.

Or foreheads met with a slight bump—

The night shone with hundreds of colors, the hard neon painting countless establishments and highlighting the mass of the bodies passing beneath.

A flashy throb of humanity pulsating on the streets. Destitute old men looking for alcoholic relief. Flashy young men and women offering friendly smiles and charming conversations while dragging others to their dens of pleasure. The lucky and desperate trying their hands at machines that consume their hopes and resources for the chance of earning a thousand times more. Men with few and everything to lose waging bloody wars in hidden corners and back alleys, putting their pride on the line to uphold their honor, depravity, brutality, and conviction. Beings hidden in the shadows walking among unseen and unheard save for the very few.

And at the center of all, a millennium tower of glass and concrete that stretches towards the heavens. The weight of history of what it was and what is to come bathing every inch of its construction, bringing forwards an age of glory, defeat, and redemption over a land that never rest and men that never stop—

I fell down on my ass, the flaring imagery making my head throb and my thoughts ache. After long seconds and some hard blinks, I was finally capable of starting to make sense of what was shown to me.

That place... city? District? It's somewhat familiar to me. I've never been there myself but there was no Japanese citizen that wouldn't recognize Shinjuku's famous Golden Gai at a glance. Yet it wasn't exactly that, it was somewhere within the Golden Gai, but it was someplace different, a space deep inside...

And Tōtōsai is there... No. No wait, he is not there, he will be there—

"A whole month!" I couldn't help but exclaim out loud.

The Kami hasn't shown me the place Tōtōsai was; he showed me the place where he was going to be. And it also wasn't because the blacksmith told him where he was going. The squirrel genuinely showed me the future.

Still... this was a month from now.

"Fucking hell," I mumbled, massaging the bridge of my nose.

This quest really isn't going to be easy, is it? I mean, yeah at least now I know where I'm supposed to go even if I need to wait a month for my objective to be there, but after a vision like that, of that... weird and eventful place, I know this isn't going to be a case of simply going there and speak to Tōtōsai. That vision raised too many flags, and you don't ignore flags in a goddamn anime world.

But I got what I came here for. Hell, I got everything that I came here for.

This was a resounding success!

"Thank you very much, Semurahamaru-sama." I said sincerely as I got my bearings and rose to my feet.

The squirrel was too busy fussing over his new treasure to acknowledge my thanks, but he did stretch out a paw and make a placating gesture... or gestured for me to fuck off.

Well, who am I to get between a squirrel and a pair of panties, if was saner than some relationships I know. I turned to leave with a suppressed chuckled.

Then, it struck me.

He showed me the future.

This little kami somehow had the ability to show people the future.

"My deepest apologize Semurahamaru-sama." I was kneeling in place once again. "But would you allow me one more question?"

The kami's head pop off from the fabric and looked at me with something approaching anger. But then he paused. I liked to think the seriousness of what I was about to ask was showing on my face. I wasn't playing off the drama anymore.

"There's been a series of unexplained monster attacks in Nerima and the surrounding area over the past few weeks. Can you show me who is responsible for these attacks? Or at least when the next attack will be?"

The rodent widened his eyes at my determination. Our locked gazes told me he understood, despite all the odds he understood what this meant, he knew that lives were at stake, he understand what I'm asking.

*Squeak!* Came his answer as he turned his head to the side and crossed his arms.

The little motherfucker!

... I considered the value of a Kami Killer title for a few moments, before letting out a sigh.

And producing a second pair of panties from my jacket.

-0-0-0-​

"I didn't travel far you know? Literally just to the end of the district," I complained softly to myself, trying to make sense of the situation. "I was gone for an hour, an hour and a half at most."

Nerima's Musashiseki Park was trashed, like, utterly trashed. Deep trenches covered the once grassy grounds, pieces of broken benches and vending machines were everywhere – I decided to ignore the collection of vending machines surrounding the broken ones as if they were in mourning for the sake of my sanity – and there was a freaking upheaved tree spearing through the fountain.

I could also see signs of a Kuno-related headache in the form of black petals trailing all around, and a collection of furry creatures lying unconscious among the destruction. Undoubtedly the responsible to, or at least involved with the destruction.

Just like the group of victorious yet ragged-looking delinquents lined before me, with the trio that led them through this disaster on the front.

"Ok, what the hell happened?" I gave up.

Ranma grinned; because of course he'd be involved. Unlike the other two he was immaculate, I got a feeling he was more amused by the whole situation than anything. "Y'know that zoo breakout that happened couple of days ago?"

"One that you helped cause yes."

He ignored me and went on. "So a bunch of monkeys banded together and decided to live in the woods right around there." He pointed to an area that was noticeably less forested than before. "Then a monkey guy came, taught them some of the art, rallied them up, and then tried to take over the city." Ranma's grin got cockier, somehow. "They failed."

"Monkey guy?" I asked.

"WRETCHED CREATURES!" A hillariously large roll of ropes and chains with the head of a hairy man who looked like he went through several bar fights, car crashes and kid parties screamed out. The monkey guy, apparently. "Can't you see the righteousness of my task!? Can't you see the truth right before your eyes!? Humans are nothing but mistakes who have stained far too much from their ancestral purity! They are a lie! They are fakers upon this earth! REJECT HUMANITY RETURN TO MON—" That's about as far as he got before the nearest delinquent kicked him into unconsciousness.

"I see," I said slowly. His name was unremarkable but his title of 'Monkey Fist' was mildly amusing.

"We were in the area, Aniki! No way we would let a butch of monkeys steal our territory!" Touji, the self-appointed second in command of my little delinquent gang added his piece. He was bruised and bloodied but was standing proudly and steady on his feet.

"... And the petals?" I finally addressed the second most worrisome thing in the area.

"Kuno's sister showed up, and I can see why she's Kuno's sister," Ranma responded casually. "She helped up for a while until one of the big monkeys snatched her up and started throwin' barrels. I was fightin' monkey guy so Haruka and some of the guys had to rescue her. She left before you got here."

I looked over the last of the trio with surprise evident on my face. She was mostly uninjured, but her clothes were quite torn up and she was holding a bloodied cricket bat in a tight grip. But even then, she appeared cool and composed to anyone looking; in fact, some of the most injured delinquents were throwing starstruck gazes at her back.

It took someone who knew her well to see how stunned she really was.

"I knocked out a silverback gorilla," Haruka added stoically when she noticed my stare.

"And how in the world did you do that?"

The bloodied cricket bat was raised to my eyes. "With this." She said, like it explained how a skinny teenager girl could knock out a four hundred pound animal. "... I hit it on the head."

At least she sounded just as dumbfounded as I was.

"You know what? I'm shelving that for later." I said it out loud before stepping up and placing a hand on Touji's shoulder, raising my voice for the others to hear. "Good job, Touji, very good job, everyone. You went out of your way to help where most would've run away and you didn't let any civilians get hurt." They were mostly doing for territory but it still counts. "I'm proud of you."

... For fuck sake, why are these guys tearing up!? They can't be that easy to please!

Before Touji pulled me into an emotional hug or did something equally embarrassing I turned my attention to my friends "And you two—" A random thought struck my mind at that moment. "Actually, are you guys part of my delinquent gang or not?"

"Sure, why not." Ranma shrugged.

"My mother would be pissed, so yeah," Haruka answered after a few blinks.

I nodded. "Right, so, executives Saotome Ranma and Tenou Haruka... and the rest. I'm sure you're already got acquainted with each other." I waved my hand between the duo and the ragtag group of delinquents, formally introducing them. With this out of the way, I turned to Touji and the rest of my minions.

"Take the most injured to Tofu's clinic, but leave two here to wait for the authorities... or the animal control, whoever comes first. Keep monkey guy unconscious at all cost and..." I looked around to see and sure enough, there was a crowd of onlookers slowly gathering at the edges of the destroyed park. No one dared to approach yet. "Don't let anyone get hurt. Better gather the monkeys in one place and keep any children away from them. Keep the order."

"Yes, Aniki!" They choired.

Like a good head minion, Touji moved to direct the orders and whip whoever was getting lazy with the victory up to shape. I then turned to my friends, now my gang's executives. Ranma gave me a look as if daring me to order him around.

"We have to get moving, remember? More than ever now that Haruka needs a new set of clothes."

I watched as the realization dawned on both of them.

"Oh yeah, it was today right? Sorry 'bout the delay." Ranma said to Haruka, his arms going up behind his head in a casual manner.

"A-Ah, no I'm the one who should be apologizing, Ranma-senpai." Haruka looked sheepish. "You're the one who invited me, yet all of that happened..."

"Eh, that counts as hangin' out to me."

I made no comment on that as we began to move. But I won't lie and say I wasn't glad they were getting along.

-0-0-0-​

Boy, the nostalgia is hitting me hard right now.

How many hours have I wasted glued to my tv watching shenanigans happening in this very room? If there was a setting that could be considered central for the Ranma½ anime this would be it, a place for exposing information, a place to have many characters bouncing off each other, a place where the main plot happens, or where the characters gather to plan what to do about it. Iconic in every sense of the word.

Needless poetry aside, the Tendo's living room was pretty neat, a bit small for the size of the house, and really bare in the decoration department, but that's my rich-kid-side speaking.

"My, it's so nice to finally meet Ranma-kun's friends." Tendo Kasumi commented softly, a hand gingerly placed on her cheek.

Tendo Kasumi
Eldest Daughter of the Tendo's house
Level: 11

Like her sisters, Kasumi was very good-looking, yet her features were softer than her sisters, giving her a gentler, more motherly appearance that was almost sinfully contrasted with the generous curves she hid under that bulky homely dress.

Damn, she was no taimanin, but she's been hitting all my buttons since she came into the room.

"I-Indeed, it's... nice." Tendo Soun answered with a shaky smile and almost comical stiffness.

Tendo Soun
Master Martial Artist of the Anything Goes Style
Level: ??

The man has been like that since he saw me I have no idea why. This would be awkward if it weren't for the fact that I can't for the life of me take him seriously. That long hair and mustache combination makes him look exactly like an 80's porn actor; I kept expecting cringy pick up lines to pour out each time he spoke.

Still, some of my confusion must have shown on my face because Ranma leaned close with a hand over the corner of his mouth. "Some city representative came early and put him in charge of dealin' with the 'delinquent problem'." He whispered with a cheeky grin.

Ah.

I didn't have time to respond to that, because Saotome Genma, in his heavy-set human form that actually did resemble Ranma somewhat - if my friend had been through some kind of washed-up Bad End that is - choose this moment to explode.

He banged his hand on the table while shouting. "A DELINQUENT AND A STRANGE WOMAN! RANMA! You scorn your fiancé to hang out with that type! How dare you do that to your own father!" Suddenly, he was on his feet and pointing an accusatory finger at his son.

Ranma went from cheeky to raging fairly fast. "What's that suppose to mean old man!" He growled, rising to the challenge.

"Be silent and take your punishment like a man!"

Haruka and I had to lean heavily to the side to let Ranma's body flying body pass. After the kick that had turned his son into a cannonball, Genma leaped after him and they started to fight in the open garden behind us, where one or both of them would inevitably end up in the pond.

Akane spared the pair an irritated look before turning to Haruka. "I'm so sorry about this."

"No no. I'm used to that by now." Haruka, for her part, still looked cool and collected as ever. She looked handsome even in the frilly dress her mother forced her into, as expected from my cool kohai.

Tendo Nabiki, sitting too close for comfort and showing too much cleavage to be unintentional smirked like the vixen that she was and decided to add her piece.

"Ranma-kun sure has some high-profile friends ne? The second son of the super-wealthy Ōe family, and the talented daughter of the famous racing car driver Tenou Asahi, quite the group."

Hold down, what!?

That revelation brought some audible reactions to the table but I ignored it in favor of looking at my kohai. Who also looked back at me in similar surprise.

"Racing driver daughter?"

"Super wealthy family son?"

Now that I think about it, her house was bigger than the Tendo's, and her family was smaller... you know what, not important right now.

"W-Wealthy... Ōe f-amily—" Tendo Soun choked. Now the guy was started to look frizzed.

"That's not really a big deal." I decided to intervene before this become some anime misunderstanding scene and escalated. Throwing Nabiki an easy smile to show I wasn't bothered by her knowledge I continued. "Anyway, Tendo-san I would like to clear up some assumptions. It is true that, because of me, some armed, thug-looking teenagers began to gather around the area, but I guarantee you that it's nothing like you're imagining. They were going to come anyway with the delinquent war that's going on." The man let out a strangled whimper. "So I decided to use the ones that latched on to me to do some actual good. And, really, their hearts are in the right place." I finished with a warm, honest smile, thinking back on the progress some of those thug-looking motherfuckers are already showing, and it's been less than a week too, good minions.

The master of the Tendo household regarded me for a few moments before sagging in place with great relief, so much so that tears began to comically falling from his eyes while he whined. Kasumi reached out and patted him in the back for some reason.

I sighed... He took that the wrong way, didn't he?

"So you admit that you are a delinquent." Akane accused.

"Bold move, Ōe-kun." Nabiki's grin didn't falter.

I'd eat my shoes if she didn't know about my gang the night it was formed.

"Eh?" Kasumi covered her mouth with the tip of her fingers. Goddamn, woman! How can you be so charming with so simple gestures!? "But you are such a polite young man Ōe-san, you're not like a delinquent at all."

My thought screeched to a halt.

"Y...You the first person to tell me that, Kasumi-san."

"Hey! Don't get overly familiar with my sister!" Akane intervened, but Kasumi's blush had already settled and the memory of it was all mine.

Still, I raised my hands to placate her. "There are four Tendos in the room, this will get really confused really fast if I start calling you all Tendo-san, Akane-tan."

The short-haired girl let out a shocked squawk at my brazenness. Ahn~ That's no good, she's arousing my inner troll with cute reactions like that.

"Flirting with my two sisters right in front of my father. Is this the kind of man you are Ōe-kun?" Nabiki's grin had only gotten bigger as she tilted her head with faux-innocence.

It's amazing what the Japanese consider flirting, really, innocuous things like that would fly right overhead in other countries.

Well, I'm in the deep anyway, might as well.

"Jealousy much, Nabi-chan?"

Unlike her sisters, she was prepared for it, so her mouth immediately opens with something witty on the tip of her tongue, only for a loud, succinct, yet polite cough from Haruka to interrupt her.

Oh right.

My kohai ignored the apologetic look I sent on her way and she move to steer the conversation to the reason we came in the first place.

"Actually, Tendo-san, there is a reason I come here today." She said, talking to the room at large for the first time.

With neat movements, she slid backward and away from the table and then leaned over the available space in a formal bow.

"Tendo-san I humbly ask to be accepted as a student for the Tendo's dojo."

I nodded in silent support, enjoying the shock spreading in the four pairs of eyes across the room.

Not hearing an answer, Haruka continued.

"Due to various circumstances my life has become quite hazardous lately, and I'm expecting this to continue in the future." Ouch! That's on me. Crap. "But for me to continue on the path I want to take, it's paramount that I grow stronger as fast as possible." Man, she's really hammering it in for this one. Ironically, it's one of the few ways to know she's feeling really nervous, "Hiroshi-sempai and Ranma-sempai recommended this place, and while I've not witnessed myself, Akane-sempai's prowess is talked about even in my school, so please accept me!"

Somewhere along Haruka's plea Soun managed to get out of his stupor and was now... staring at her. I narrowed my eyes at the way his face close off in solemn seriousness.

"I'm sorry young lady, but until Ranma and Akane get married the dojo—"

That was as far as he went before his face slammed on the tatami floor. His three daughters joined forces to hold him there.

"What he meant to say is sure! We'd love to have a student!" Akane declared energetically over her father's pitiful groans.

"Indeed, indeed, you have come to the right place, quality guaranteed, reasonable fees!" Nabiki was in full salesman pitch. "Let's talk business."

Kasumi was the one that almost made me laugh though; she was only doing a token effort at holding Soun down, but her gentle smile was fixed on her face as she spoke.

"This is so nice father! It's been so long since you have a student. Ah! I'll make sure to prepare snacks for each class like mother used to do, don't you worry!"

There was no suggestion, no forceful intentions; it was just a plain statement with her honest excitement behind it. It wasn't even directed at me but even I would hate to disappoint her.

"M...My angels..." Soun whimpered tearfully against the tatami, his pride as the man of the house broken irreparably.

Now I was seriously struggling not to laugh.

Haruka stared at the scene like an innocent soul who never watched a Ranma ½ gag before. Eventually, she found her voice. "Um, yes! I'll be in your care!"

"So what'd I miss?" Ranma asked as he stepped inside behind us. Amazingly, he was still in his male form—

A giant panda surged out of nowhere and judo threw him to the pond.

There we go.

-0-0-0-​

Buildings in Nerima rarely exceed three stories height so if you stood on a rooftop you'd notice that the skyline of the city is fairly horizontal and samy.

But there was something special about the view atop the Tendo's home's rooftop, not because it was different, but because it was the same view some of my favorite characters witness each time they came here, and now I'm witnessing the same things they did.

The Tendo's house is making me nostalgic, I guess because I used to see it as the centerpiece for one of my favorite animes a lifetime ago.

Looking away from the field of roofs glowing orange under the slowly setting sun, I directed my gaze downwards, to the neat little dojo within the Tendo's property.

The door was slid open, showing sights of usage inside – it was deceptively well equipped I noticed. It always looked barren in the show – The previous occupants were now on the grass area outside of it. Akane was coaching a sweaty, panting, yet still standing Haruka through was most likely the last exercise of the day. The pair was being supervised by a serious-looking Soun who apparently had left every bit of goofiness in the living room and now was looking rather respectable, almost imposing really.

The father-daughter duo was surprised by how long Haruka managed to keep up on her first day of training, I could see that... Well, I could see that in Akane anyway. I guess our morning's exercises finally pay off, I wonder if we can keep them up now that Haruka began her formal training.

... This was not a spontaneous decision, asking the Tendo's like that. I had the idea for a while, but I actually sat down with Haruka to lie out her options.

I couldn't teach her, that much was obvious. My most coherent knowledge about martial art is Anything Goes, which I'm very much a newbie at. Everything else was more 'record' than 'knowledge', perfect notes about the subject I can pull out of my ass in a bind but had no idea on how to properly impart them to someone else. I knew how to fight, oh I sure as fuck knew how to fight, but to give her a crash course on how to fight like me would mean throwing her into an Illusion Barrier and hope for the best. And she didn't have an overpowered cheat to keep alive.

... As far as I know, that is.

Ranma... couldn't teach her. That particular option was closed up by simply asking him how he planned to teach her... And then asking him again what he considered 'an easy training'.

As I said, she did not have an overpowered cheat to keep alive.

So it was either the Tendos or looking for something else. Tendo was the fastest and most convenient option and their training did have guaranteed results. Akane might be the weakest of Ranma's fiancés but she's still strong enough to wipe the floor with an army of mobs and go to class afterward.

Haruka had to become stronger both because she wanted to, and because of her possible role of preventing the end of the world, as indicated by the gamer system when we met all those weeks ago... I really have to look into that now that I think about it.

"She looks happy," Ranma stated, biting into his taiyaki rather than the yakisoba bread I offered to him, the filthy heretic.

"Yeah. I'm just glad we didn't forget the gi, can you imagine her training in that dress?"

"... Oh right. Haruka too."

Just as I was about to sink my teeth on my melon bread, I paused, my mind processing what he just said. Then I finished taking a bite because wasting bread is a sin.

And there it was, Saotome Ranma's inexplicable attraction to Tendo Akane. They may fight, piss each other off, insult, and abuse each other in various physical, mental, and spiritual ways but they always end up drawn to one another, so much so that they did end up together in the series.

Bit of a bummer for me because I was always more of a Shampoo guy. Still, Akane was the most constant female contact of Ranma's life, and while she was his most boring fiancé she was by far the more stable. I could see her being like a breath of fresh air for him, the one girl his age that wasn't evil, crazy, or obsessed with marrying him, hyper-agressiviness aside. At the high of chaos, Akane was the only one who reached out and had genuine moments with him, so it wasn't like them ending up together was a completely unrealistic outcome.

I let him stew his thoughts in silence. These ponderings will no doubt form the foundation for something beautiful in the future.

PFF! As if!

"Oh my~ falling for the famous 'jewel of Furikan' are we? Poor Kuno's gonna cry."

Losing a teasing opportunity like that would be criminal!

My friend's embarrassed face was glorious, totally worth being almost shoved off of the roof.

"It's nothing like that, you idiot! Tch! I let you close to my pops for a day and you go picking up his weirdness."

Chuckling to myself, I settled back down on the place I was a second ago. I wasn't kidding when I said he almost shoved me from the roof.

To my surprise, Ranma continued.

"It's just- I've never seen her like that. Not for this long anyway." I traced his gaze back to Akane. She certainly looks to be in high spirits, clearly glad for her new training partner. "With me, it's only shouts and insults."

I stared at my pensive friend and sighed.

"I think... That Akane put a lot of stock on first impressions and is too stubborn to easily change her perceived notions of someone once it sets in." By his expression, Ranma clearly didn't expect an answer like that. "By what you'd told me, you completely botched your first meeting, so now she's predisposed to think the worst of you on every interaction." It was as honest of a statement I could give without going into meta-knowledge. "It doesn't help that you're constantly needling and insulting her, yourself."

"I don't insult—" Ranma started, before catching himself. "She's always the one who starts!"

"I know that Ranma." I enunciated. "You don't start shit with her, you only snap back in the heat of the moment. The problem is... well, you're a pretty abrasive guy, Ranma. This side of you shows up a lot in your quips and comments."

"I'm not abrasive!" Argued Ranma, abrasively.

"You sure as hell ain't polite!"

We glared at each other for a few seconds, before Ranma deflated and mumbled something under his breath. I took that as a sign to go on.

"So when you try to, say, suggest something she could do better, or criticize her on something, even if you think you're being helpful, or that your words are innocuous, for Akane, who already have preconceived notions about you from your first meeting, you come off as a giant asshole."

I practically see him progressing my words, his expression shifting a bit before closing off. He let out a breath and turned to look at the girls again, a grumpy silence hanging over him.

"Cheer up, partner." I reach over and patted him on the back. "It's not like it's impossible for you to patch things up, it just requires effort." I couldn't help but think back on the past interactions between Akane and Ranma I'd witnessed. "... A lot of effort."

Ranma just shrugged at that but didn't comment.

Below us, Haruka let out a cry of effort as she struggled against the weights on her limbs, which I'm surprised they actually used for the first lesson. This made my attention go back to her and my early thoughts.

"Say Ranma. You saw Haruka in action today didn't you? Did you notice something strange?"

"Haruka hmmm. What's wrong Hiroshi? Falling for her~?"

His pathetic attempt of revenge teasing was noted and internally laughed at – No, I did not blush, I'm a grown-ass man there is no way such childish attempt would make m-anyway, I didn't! End of story! – I quickly responded by grabbing him by the pigtail and flicking him off the roof.

"Seriously though, did you notice anything?" I asked again when he climbed to his seat.

He shot me a crossed look, but it didn't last long. "What exactly do you mean by strange?" He asked instead.

"I don't know... anything really. I mean, she did take out a gorilla with no training."

"Yeah, so?"

Righttt, this is Ranma. His standards of normalcy are fucked.

"Wait, there was something." My martial art friend suddenly snapped his fingers, as if remembering something he had put away for later. "I think she knows how to use a sword?"

That... took me by surprise, not gonna lie.

"What?"

"Like." Ranma searched for the right words for a few moments, before closing his mouth and hopping to his feet. His body shifted around in a series of stances I'm sure someone with more martial art knowledge than me would recognize. "She kept falling back to this, this and this. And sometimes she went like this or even this." He gave motion to each enunciation. "Those are sword style moves I believe, nothing like Kuno though, it looked western, long sword or broad sword, definitely one-handed, but I couldn't say there's supposed to be a shield on the freehand or not. But I'd bet not, I didn't see much of it, but it gave the impression of being very aggressive."

I let out a whistle of appreciation for his analysis; it's easy to forget that while Ranma still learning about a lot, he really knows his stuff when it comes to his area.

"So she knows how to fight," I stated. That crashed with everything I knew about her.

"I think." Ranma enunciated. "I'm... iffy about it. It seems less like conscious use and more like her body falling into it during the stress. Like... Like someone trying to learn a new style, but keeps falling back to the principles of their older one if they don't watch themselves. Only it's weirder than that because there is no old style." His finger moved to his chin as he recalled, clearly getting into the puzzle. "Or maybe she knew and forgot about it, and fighting brought back the memories?"

"I crashed too much with the assessment my power gave her, and her home life, and her life in general. She could have learned as a kid, but... why didn't she mention then?"

Everything I've seen of Haruka indicated that she was just a normal girl before we met. But... but she caused a glitch in the Gamer system once, and the world would apparently be in danger if anything happened to her. And now apparently she has buried memories of how to use a sword and could knock out a gorilla if she tried.

Yeah, she might have been living like a normal girl, but she definitely isn't one.

Oh god, I stumbled into the protagonist of another anime, haven't I?

"Do you trust her?" I heard Ranma asking.

"Yeah."

"Then everything'll be fine. We kick some asses and make it so if it isn't. Don't worry too much."

Well, there is some wisdom in that.

"Now come on." Ranma whacked me on the back of the head and moved to the center of the roof. "Been a while since we hunted something, and there's been too much talking already."

He's actually right on multiple fronts. It has been a long time since Ranma and I did a good old monster hunt. With the resident werewolf getting pissy about it at school there simply wasn't anywhere stable enough where both of us could meet and do it, or, to be honest, neither of us seriously stopped to look for it. We've been too busy.

Well, no time like the present. And more – a grin spread on my face – there is another development Ranma didn't know about it. It happened one time when I was dropping Minon in a barrier and I now learned how to tweak with it.

I snapped my finger as I activated the Illusion Barrier Create skill simply for dramatic purposes and didn't bother to hold back my laughter at the face Ranma made when instead of a mirrored version of our world, reality dripped away into a bright, sunny day over an enormous rocky desert, with huge rock formations spreading over the sand and all around us.

"What the hell!?" Ranma shouted, looking around.

"Do you like it? I'm getting better at it." I waved my hand as if holding a representation of my skill. "No longer restricted to the misty city baby! And I'll be able to change further as I grow stronger."

To be more precise, my illusion barrier skill changes the type of barrier according to its level. Level one to four creates a misty reflection of the area around me, with the impressions of the inhabitants mirroring their movements outside. Level five creates this desert. The nearby buildings still appear, but only in the rough shape of rocky formations, and there weren't any ghostly impressions anymore. My guess is that as I level the skill up, I'll 'unlock' more 'stages'.

Though location could also influence the result regardless of level, and in more ways than just changing the shape of the formations. In some areas of the city, the desert would appear at night, or there would be ruins of some ancient city, or a giant oasis right in the middle, things like that. Still hadn't found anywhere that completely changes the 'theme' of the stage.

"So, what do you think?"

"There are zombies over there, Hiroshi." Ranma was already at the edge of what had once been the Tendo's roof, pointing his finger at the figures bursting out of the sand. "We're going to fight zombies!"

I smiled at his enthusiasm. "Not any zombies, my friend. Scimitar-wielding, Arabic zombies right out of Aladdin's worst possible ending." Pretty sure Ranma had no idea what Aladdin was but I wasn't giving up on the joke. "Boy, if you're happy now wait till we get to the ones riding giant scorpions."

My friend actually screeched in pure joy, like a little kid at Christmas.

He really has been missing this huh?

In the end, we both ended up getting scolded by Kasumi of all people for missing diner... It was pretty hot, not gonna lie.

Oh Lord, please give me strenght to not NTR Tofu, because boy I was going to need it!



A/note: Fucking Tendo's are a bitch and a half to write, lot of the rewrites happened in their scene alone and I'm still not happy with how it ended up.

Will try to flash them out better in the future.

Anyway good news there is actually a Lewd scene on sight! I won't shame the NSFW halls with my lack of lewds anymore! it's bee far too long.

Stay tuned.

Edit: Also don't worry I didn't forget about the p-chan situation, will tackle that soon.
Last edited: Dec 29, 2021
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Jul10, Sidrakil and 1,386 others
Adudefromthesea
Oct 23, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Nov 8, 2021
Add bookmark
#9,117
A/note: After some deliberations I decided to take the 'part 1' from the title and just make this the full chapter 14, nothing has changed besides this.


Chapter 14







"You're lying!"

Well, I can't say I didn't see this coming.

Ranma looked pissed, of course, he would. He actually had to pause, take a long breath, and visibly struggle in the last moment before he revealed Ryoga's secret. Now, I don't want to sound like I'm simping for the guy, because god knows I'm horribly biased, but it's in times like these that we can see glimpses of his true character; Ryoga is nobody to him yet he would have defended his secret with his life if I hadn't talked him out of it.

And Akane just threw that in his face. That's why people didn't like her in the show, she really makes it hard to see her side when she does shit like this.

"How dare you! Slandering Ryoga-kun like that just because he isn't here to defend himself, have you no shame!" Akane's words were like physical blows to my friend I could see that.

"I wouldn't lie about that!" Ranma finally found his voice. "Can't you listen to me for once in your life, you damn tomboy!"

That, of course, set her off, and the argument started in full.

Akane and Ranma argue a lot. Any casual observer would quickly figure that out. They don't do it all the time, but catching the two in a middle of a bickering match was a frequent occurrence for practically everyone that interacts with them. It usually happens because one says something that sets the other off, neither one backs down, and tempers continue to flare. After getting to know them, however, you can tell that normally it means nothing, and they go back to talking normally later, usually on the same day. I've seen that happen. Hell, I even got a sense that the two enjoy the fight to some extent.

This one though, this one is ugly, this one is serious; the kind that makes any witness deeply uncomfortable and wanting to evacuate the premises, the kind that fills the air with a powerful sense of emptiness and awkwardness, and provides nothing for anyone involved. It's a deeply emotional affair, too personal for anyone to butt in.

Normally, because if this bitch thinks she can talk to my friend like that in my presence, she has another thing coming.

I dropped down from the wall I was squatting on top off, squared my shoulders, and made my way towards the pair.

Before I could say anything though, Ranma knocked the wind out of me.

"He's sexually harassing you!" His voice boomed across the street.

The outburst took everyone by surprise; me, Akane, the nearby granny who was preparing to throw water at Ranma, even Ranma himself, I suspect.

Nevertheless, he continued on.

"You don't believe me, fine! I don't care! But throw some warm water at P-chan before you take him to bed next time. Do it to prove me wrong if you want, but do it!" He rasped a breath, seemly restraining himself for the first time since the shouting started. "Do it for yourself, you... you don't deserve to be fooled like that, it ain't right."

It was clear for everybody to see that Akane had absolutely no response to that. Perhaps for the first time since Ranma started living with her, she was without words.

I could see doubt and indecision dancing across her face as she shifted through a series of emotions. She made to talk twice but bit back whatever she was going to say before it came out. Finally, after a small eternity, she decided on a sharp "Humph!" punctuated by snapping her head to the side. Then, she turned on her heels and strode away.

I watched her go, feeling a bit unbalanced by what I just witnessed. Ranma practically deflated like an old balloon beside me.

"Well... um, you got your point across, at least. I'll even go so far and say you won this argument." I gave him a tentative smile and punched him on the shoulder. "And you used my own words too, good work!"

"I don't feel like I won anything." He grumbled.

"You did, believe me. Akane-" And most women. "-is like that. I bet there are few things she hates more than admit she's wrong after an argument." Or in general. "She'll probably approach you later to apologize in a really subtle and indirect way."

"That doesn't sound like something she would do." He pointed out.

"If she doesn't, and try to play this off like it never happened... then she's worth less of your time than you believe."

Ranma nodded, his eyes still tracking his retreating fiancé in the distance till she disappeared around the corner. "Thanks."

I shook my head. "I didn't do anything."

"You did a lot." He said and then pulled a deep breath, almost like he was inflating himself back up. God my allegories are weird today. "... Wanna ditch school and grab something to eat?"

My hand found my chest as a gasp dramatically escaped my lips. "Me, ditching school, me! You're a corrupting influence Saotome Ranma! Why, people will believe I'm some kind of delinquent or something. And what about Kuno, hum!? Poor guy much be perched over the school gate, sword in his hand and new nickname on his tongue ready to deliver us justice, it would ruin his entire week if we let him—"

"You wanna go or not?"

"Hell yeah, have I taken you to Hanna Millers yet?"

So the day began, not in the best way, but not in a bad way either. The water-throwing granny even gave us some sweets before we left. It was nice of her.

-0-0-0-​

"You know somethin' Hiroshi, you're a massive pervert."

"I don't know what you're talking about," I said as my eyes followed after another waitress with a dangerously short skirt.

"Sure you don't." He had the gall to roll his eyes.

"Oh, like I'm the only one. Don't even bother trying to hide mister, I saw where your looks tend to linger." Ranma choked on his drink.

"Shut it, it's just, the uniform here is damn tight."

That's right people; Saotome Ranma actually has a libido! He just doesn't consider it a priority and is also genuinely shy about it. A much better explanation than the one I remember the fandom coming up with; something about a eunuch pressure point and Genma being an asshole.

If you hang close to him for long enough you'll notice him casting some leering glares here and there, but he's very subtle about it, like, I openly gawked the first time I noticed him he looking at Class Prez as she passed – understandable, a lot of boys watch as she passes, we love to see her go if you know what I mean - earned me a punch at the time for being too smug.

He's being less subtle right now, because, well, because Hannar Miller.

And on the subject of things the anime never told the audience, maybe I could... Ok, here goes nothing. "Alright, if there's a good time for this subject, it is now." Ranma looked at me confusedly.

"So, Ranma, my friend, do you do it? Admire your female form in the mirror, I mean?"

"Arg!" Ranma flinched, nearly dropping his drink. "Are we really talking about this!?"

"I'm asking in completely good faith." I pointed out while showing my hands in a placating gesture.

The pigtailed martial artist stared at me with narrowed eyes a few seconds before sighing in resigned.

"... Yeah, I do. I don't know if you noticed, but I'm pretty darn hot as a girl."

I nodded, agreeing to that wholeheartedly. "I hear you, I hear you. You're pretty attractive as a guy, but your girl form, damn!"

"Dude!" He startled.

Hm? What? Wait, seriously, what did I say... Oh, right, this is the nineties... and this is Japan. Outside the pages of a shoujo manga, or a BL novel, men can't regard each other as anything more than drooling monkeys.

"What, have I forgot to add 'No Homo'?" I couldn't help but sass, even if the referenced flew right over Ranma's head. "Look, I'm confident enough in my sexuality to admit that you're a handsome motherfucker and mean nothing by it. It comes with sleeping with a kunoichi shaped like a sex goddess, believe me, so lay off."

It did not take long for Ranma to relax his suspicious look. The English curse word helped with that, they are good to lend a casual air to a statement if used correctly and Ranma had picked up a lot of them by hanging with me.

"Alright, man... You also look slightly better than the average delinquent."

Well, I certainly wasn't expecting a straight-up compliment like that— Then I remembered what 'the average delinquent' looks like. "Ha ha, very funny."

He dared to snigger, the audacity of this bitch.

"Moving on... Fondling. Breast squeezes. Did you try it?"

Boy, it sounded so weird now that I actually asked out loud. My curiosity really takes me to some odd places.

"... Y-Yeah," My friend admitted after a while. "Sometimes. More in the beginning when they were new. I don't do it too often cuz they're, hm, sensitive."

"Sensitive?" I said as neutrally as I could, trying to show I wasn't trying to take this in a weird direction. Ranma searched for that in my expression before continuing.

"Gettin' punched there really friggin' hurt, like, almost to the level of gettin' kicked in the balls. And it's really weird because... because it's not supposed to hurt this much, you know, keeps throwing me off."

I could kinda see what he meant. Basically, he spent his entire life knowing how his body reacts to stimulus – like exactly how much tanking a strike on his chest hurt, to use his example - but now he got a different body that reacts differently to the same stimulus.

Localized case of body dysmorphia maybe? I'm not qualified to tell. Thankfully, he can actually come back to the body he's most comfortable with.

"It's a conflict of perspective, given that you can now see the world with a female or male eyes... That's kinda fascinating." I rubbed my chin in thought... Then I realized how that must have sounded and hurriedly added. "Not trying to diminish your situation to an experiment or anything, I mean, it must suck—"

"Relax man, I get it." Ranma waved me off. "It does suck. I don't like being a girl. It frustrates me how many times that happen during the day. But... But it's not that bad." He paused briefly after that, trying to find his words. "I mean... I mean, I could have ended up like Ryoga; one little splash and I lose my clothes, lose my thumbs and ability to communicate, and then I have to struggle to somehow find warm water while barely reaching people's ankles. So yes... 'Least as a girl I can still fight, or do things." I could see that the mention of Ryoga and the reminder of the confrontation he caused his mood to sour.

"I see." I cleared my throat to get his attention on me and out of the subject. "Going back to perspectives a bit. Did you notice any more change as a girl? Beyond the obvious I mean."

Ranma thought about that for a bit, thumping his finger on the table.

"Sweets taste better as a girl. Spicy things feel spicier. I think I can pick up scents better and- Oh, oh there was this one time." He leaned forwards a bit to tell the story; his fasciation was clear to see. "I was in China, right? Before comin' here, there was this red buildin' pops and I were spendin' the night. Well, it starts raining and suddenly the buildin' wasn't solid red anymore, but a whole collection of shades of red. Turns out girls can see more colors, man! Or can differentiate between colors better, I dunno. That was neat." He leaned back, then, seemly remembering something, grinned smugly. "Also, people give me free stuff, that's very neat."

That... is actually pretty damn interesting, but it wasn't exactly why I was asking. I wanted to hear the answer for that old fandom thing, maybe I should be clearer.

"So, are you faster as a girl and stronger as a guy?"

"What?" Ranma blinked; apparently, I knocked the wind off his sail.

"Sorry, was it a dumb question?" God damn it fandom! You're making me look bad.

"No?" He tilted his head, leaned further into his seat, and started to rub his chin. "You wanna know in terms of fighting right? Hm." He thought for a brief moment, and then his answer came firmly. "Yes. It comes down to weight; I'm lighter as a girl, so it's easier to move around, especially in bursts of speed. As a guy, I'm larger, heavier, and my muscles are way denser, so I can put more behind my punches. But..." His finger went on to scratch his cheek. "The difference is really small, like, it doesn't really matter that much. What affects me more is reach and balance. Reach because my limbs as a girl are way shorter, and balance because... well..." He made grabbing motions over his chest area. "Those damn things are friggin' huge and keep bouncin' all over the place while I'm moving, so I have to constantly watch my balance." He let out a frustrated sigh. "So yeah, in this case, I guess I'm easier to beat as a girl."

Someday, I'll stop being surprised when Ranma goes analytical genius when the subject of combat is on the table, someday.

Right now it feels like I should be taking notes. In fact, this feels almost like an interview. Heh, an interview with Saotome Ranma, somehow I can't see it.

Another, traitorous thought popped up in my mind, and oh boy that was pushing it, that definitely was pushing it, but my damn curiosity won't allow me to keep my mouth shut.

"Ranma..." I bit back what I was going to say and added first. "You can tell me to fuck off if you don't want to answer that, but have you ever... you know, in your female form."

"What?"

"You know." I made an unmistakable gesture. "That."

It was... curious, seeing Ranma's face shift from innocent confusion to horrifying realization, seeing it go from normal to white, green, and then bright red.

His arms rose in a cross.

"We're changing subjects." He said.

"Got it," I replied immediately.

That actually made Ranma paused in surprise and relax a bit. What? He thought I would insist?

"Kunoichi shaped like a sex goddess." He suddenly quoted my earlier words. "So you're actually sleeping with that ninja woman. Where is she by the way? Why isn't she following you around?"

So it is my turn to get gloomy.

"It's complicated." I sighed. How much can I tell Ranma? I trusted him with my life, but I don't know how sharing what I know would affect Rin. Plus, I'm sure as hell not going to do it in a public café. "Rin swore herself to me, but she still has ties to her old organization. They called her up for a mission so... yeah, now I don't know where she is."

That actually sounded worse now that I said it. With everything that happened in the past few days I hadn't really had time to check on her, or even figure out how to check on her, and it's been more than two weeks already.

Fuck! Now I'm getting nervous.

"Ninja organizations can be hardcore," Ranma commented while fiddling with some leftover fries. "Wait... she swore herself to you and has ties to her old place? How the heck would that even work, I mean—" He suddenly stopped, blinked a few times, and then an eager grin slowly spread across his face. "Hiroshi, are we going to fight a ninja village? Cuz it sounds like we're going to fight a ninja village."

"I don't know, perhaps, maybe." I scratched the back of my head. "I'm still figuring out."

It is reassuring as hell I know he'd have my back in case that happens though.

I could see his excitement growing as he worked the idea in his mind, but then his eyes widened a bit as if he suddenly realized something.

"Hey, Hiroshi? Do you love her?" He asked, catching me by surprise.

Still, it wasn't something I hadn't put quite a bit of consideration on.

"I do not love her. But I really like her. I wouldn't mind calling her my girlfriend, heck, I even told her that. But she—."

"Prefers to be a 'tool' for you to use." Ranma finished for me with a nod. "Lots of kunoichi are like that, it's cultural or somethin'."

That was a suspiciously good guess, and the familiarity he's displaying... "Do you know a lot of kunoichi, Ranma?" I don't remember anything like that from the anime.

He smiled in response, "Know them? I lived in a ninja village for a while. Hadn't I mentioned that, before?"

He didn't, though he did mention he had some ninja training and had met some ninjas before. This became even more obvious to see after Rin trained me for a bit; Ranma does have many tells of a ninjutsu practitioner.

"That... sounds really cool," I admitted. "Ninja village, like Kouga and Iga?" No way those aren't a thing in anime world.

"Yeah, those two aren't around anymore." Oh? "They disappeared someday and nobody really knows where they went. Most think they massacred each other, it's a bit of a legend." Ranma dismissed that with a wave of his hand. "Me and pops spent six months living with the Uzui clan when I was thirteen or so."

Nothing immediately popped up in my mind with the name. Though if Ranma had said Uchiha I'd have flipped. "How was it?"

"Flashy." Ranma chuckled as if remembering some inside joke. "They are seriously weird, but seriously good people. Some of them were incredibly strong too. Oh man, there was this insane one-eyed, one-armed old man that was just... " Ranma shook his head, training to rein in his growing enthusiasm. "Anyway, the less weird of the bunch was the chief's daughter." Oh boy. "We usually trained together cuz we're around the same age. I learned a lot there... 'till pops grabbed me someday and bolted." He frowned. "Damn pops, they were about to teach me some special clan techniques too."

Ah, so Ranma has a ninja girl fiancé running around. Good to know.

"He probably engaged you with the chief's daughter and run away with whatever they gave him," I told him because, really, why would I keep that a secret?

Ranma, who went through none of the trials and tribulations his once future self had gone through, snorted loudly.

"As if that would happen."

Ah, summer shines brightly over this carefree child.

As much as I wanted to just sit here, chat with Ranma, and appreciate some hot waitresses in tiny uniforms for the rest of the day – And I mean exactly that – there was something I must do, it wasn't urgent, but if we're ditching school it doesn't hurt to start now.

I waited till Ranma finished waving over for a waitress to bring us more food before bringing that up.

"It's about that prediction from the ero-squirrel right? Future monster attack?" Ranma guessed, hitting the bull's eye.

"It's in a week and a half from now. We have time to stop it, but I wanna check out the site, see if there's anything suspicious there or anything that would actually provoke that attack." I'm also considering the possibility of simply waiting for the monster to attack to see where it comes from. But that would mean putting someone in danger so yeah, I'm still considering. "I know you wanted to go kill zombies after this but-"

"Say no more. We're going monster huntin'." Ranma cracked his fists. "There's no way I'm lettin' you have all the fun again!"

"As I said, it's only a week and a half from now." I chuckled at his enthusiasm; "You do know the last one was a lion, right?"

"GUH! T-this one will be different! I'm sure of it." If it turns out to be a tiger, I gonna laugh my ass off. "Where is it, anyway?"

I sighed. "I'm afraid that another thing we'll have to find out."

Unfortunately, Semurahamaru's future sight seems to have some limitations – or the squirrel was messing with me, that's also a possibility – for whatever reason the second vision he shared with me was a lot vaguer than the first one. With the first, I knew Tōtōsai will be atop some millennium tower over a den of sin hidden somewhere around Shibuya's Golden Gai. With the second... it was more of a general area rather than a precise location; I knew it would be somewhere in Nerima, but other than that I only knew that the area had some trees, some large houses, and a mermaid statue of all things.

I related to Ranma the few scraps of information I had.

"That could be anything!" He fumed.

"No shit."

"The statue is the best lead." He continued. "You have a plan, right?"

"Of course," I confirmed, watching Ranma perked up considerably. "We hit the library." And his head thumped against the table.

"Whyyy!?"

"Hey, it's a legit way to get information," I stated the obvious. "How else can we find some random ass mermaid statue in Nerima if not by cross-referring guides and regional maps." My friend let out a pained grumble.

I actually feel a bit of his pain on this one. Just because it was my idea, doesn't mean I have to like it. Fuck, I can already imagine how boring that would be,

Oh, Internet, how I miss you.

"That's Meguro Daiko Street, right? The one with the mermaid statue."

Hm?

I glance to the side, and my eyes instantly zeroed in the nearly bursting blouse of the Hannar Miller's uniform. Holy cow! This pair is bigger than Ranma-chan's!

My eyes trailed upward and blinked at the set of reddish browns that also blinked back. It's the first time I'm seeing this particular waitress before, I thought I knew them all by this point.

Takeuchi Yuka
Heiress of the Neo Muntenkendou Karate Style
Level: 48

What kinda title is that! And her level is higher than Ranma's!? Was she listening in our conversation!? Who is she!? Is She a spy!?

Wait, why would anyone spy on us?

Silly question, there is always a reason!

"S-sorry!" She took a step back at the intensity of our combined stares, nearly dropping her platter, her face bright red. "It's my first day here, and you were talking about the mermaid statue so I couldn't help but reminiscent about—"

"You're a martial artist." Ranma interrupted.

"Ah, yes, yes I am." Her reddish eyes fell on Ranma, and as she scanned him, I could see her confidence growing. "You... You too." Now there was a steady smile on her lips.

That's one attractive-looking spy, I got to admit.

"Takeuchi Yuka, Muntenkendou Karate Style." The girl introduced herself.

"Saotome Ranma, Anything Goes Style." Ranma did likewise.

The average person would describe what happened next as the two aggressively checking each other out. Me, who spent all this time hanging with Ranma, saw that by what it actually was.

Dear God, they're battle maniacs.

"Wait, wait, hold on!" I cut in before fighting music started playing in the background or something. "Hi there! Ōe Hiroshi. Delighted to meet. What was that about Meguro Street?"

"Ah." The waitress blinked a few times as she shifted her attention from Ranma to me "Meguro Daiko Street, um, are you two new around Nerima? It's a pretty famous street where the really well-off people live. There is a mermaid statue there. The only one in Nerima, if I'm not mistaken."

... I fucking love anime world and its convenient coincidences!

"That's perfect!" I'm tentatively revoking her spy status for now. "Can you take us there?"

"I wouldn't mind." She cocked her hips to the side as her body moved in an unintentionally distracting display. Her rich, brown ponytail flapped behind her. Then, her lips formed a playful grin as she looked at Ranma, her eyes a lot sharper. "But you have to fight me for it."

I'm not even surprised.

"You're on!" Ranma met the challenge head-on. He looked equally excited.

Both martial artists visibly worked up at the prospect. However, before anything could happen, the Manager of Culture – because there is no way someone who allowed that uniform didn't have an enormous amount of it – sharply, and loudly cleared his throat.

The girl went straight as a ramrod

"After my shift ends that is!" The girl added quickly before transferring the content of her platter to the table and rushing away to get her next order. My eyes followed after her to confirm that yes, while she may have defeated Ranma-chan on the topside, my favorite shortstack still has an edge over her down below.

Looking away from the wonderful sight, I turned towards my friend, who was in the process of enthusiastically stuffing his face.

"What?" He asked once he noticed my stare.

I swear to god, martial artists need to be strapped to a table and studied.

"... Thought you say you're never eating that as a man."

And so Ranma looked down and discovered, to his adjacent horror, that he was eating a large, and particularly girly-looking parfait. Something none of us had asked for.

The girl had messed up our orders.

-0-0-0-​

"My, my."

He's going to continue to do that, isn't he?

"My, my, my."

Fuck!

"Stop that!"

Steady now, do not show how creeped out you are, I'm pretty sure he feeds on it.

"Young master! It's such a delight to hear from you! I expected you to call much sooner."

I uncomfortably shifted my weight around my feet. As if his judging gaze was bearing down on me at that very moment.

"A lot of things happened..." No, there is no excusing this. "Look, is Rin alright?" Oh god, please.

"I can confirm that she's safe and sound."

"I... Ok..." Whatever I was going to say next was pushed aside by a relieved breath that forced its way out. A lot of built-up tension I didn't know I had melted off right there. I had to lean on the payphone to keep my balance. "Can I talk to her?"

"Ku ku ku."

Boy, let me tell you, nothing jolts you to attention like a creepy man's laughter dripping down your ears.

"What the kind of response was that!? Have you done something to her!?" At the continuing silence that I swear felt smug, I pressed. "Tell me!"

"I'm afraid I can't do that, young master." That better be an unintentional reference.

"Hayate, I'm ordering you to tell me what have you done to Rin," I commanded.

This made him lose his creepy, playful edge. When he spoke next, his tone was serious and professional.

"I take pride in fulfilling every order given to me to the letter, young master. But in this case, I cannot, for my silence was ordered by the master himself."

"Master?" I mumbled out loud.

"Your father."

That was the last push needed for the realization to come

My father.

Ōe Hiroshi's father.

The past memories of the life I've taken for myself came packaged in a manner that I could only describe as 'strange'. I remember everything that I needed, but only what I needed. It was... laser-focused; if I needed to know, say, a past birthday present, then I would remember all my birthday presents but only get vague impressions of the things related to it, unless I also needed to know that. It was like pulling threads of information in an instant rather than organically remembering something. It wasn't natural, but it was reactive and precise, ensuring that I always remember the right thing at the right moment.

I never really needed to dive deep into all the memories I have available to me, and, admittedly, there are some things I was putting off, the members of my new family, complete strangers that I now have to accept as my close relatives, are one of them. So all I had of my parents were impressions.

Until now, when I remembered my father.

"What the fuck!?"

"Language, young master. You were raised better than that."

I... Fuck I don't know what should I do with that!

Ōe family patriarch was a... a surprisingly good dude. Distant but never cold, considerable, supportive, very stern when needed, a genuinely good father by all accounts. His only failing is that he spends a little too much time away at work, though not nearly enough to not be a presence in his sons' lives.
If it was only that it would be a nice subversion of the whole 'trillionaire dad' trope, especially in a place like Ranma ½, but his appearance.

"Why does my father looks like Sephiroth!?"

"... Pardon?"

Fuck, oh fuck, this world is crazy enough for him to be Sephiroth! Wait no, no, no he's not Sephiroth, he's not obsessed with spiky-haired boys and is actually capable of speaking without twenty layers of subtext and riddles. He also doesn't look exactly like Sephiroth; his hair is a bit darker, and, dare I say, a little longer, and his eyes are... golden yellow and cat-like, fucking hell!

I know him, I know him from somewhere, he's an old anime character I'm sure of it!

"Young master?"

"Ah, s-sorry, I got distracted."

Right! Focus! My first priority should be my kunoichi lover possibly being held hostage by my creepy butler at the orders of my Sephiroth father.

How do I get myself in these kinds of situations?

In the end, I decided to just be direct. "I want her back."

Will I have to wage war against my own family, I wonder; Ranma will have a blast at least.

"Noted, she will be back with you in a couple of days."

That nearly made me hit the ground. Was this bastard doing that on purpose!?

"What!?"

"Oh, young master." He sighed in a way that made me feel like a petulant child. "Your father's intention was never to separate you two. Give him some credit."

"Right." I rubbed the bridge of my nose. This talk is getting me a headache. "So you won't let me talk to her, but you'll be releasing her soon."

"Ku ku ku." The bastard laughed rather than confirm it, of course he did. "Was there anything else, young master?"

His creepiness was quickly being dialed back up I see.

"No, I..." I closed my eyes and slowly exhaled. "Thank you for keeping her safe."

"Of course, young master."

All things considered, this might be the best interaction Hayate and I ever had.

I stayed by the payphone for quite a bit after the call ended, just tapping my finger over the green metallic surface and thinking.

A Sephiroth-looking trillionaire with a private army and a man like Hayate in his employ...

"They're up to something, aren't they?"

I passed a hand over my face, rubbing my eyes. Can I do something about that?

I don't know, heck, I don't even know what it is, I just learned about this, so... so one thing at the time. Focus on what is front of me now, and sit down and properly investigate my past later.

Pushing out for later... I've been doing this a lot, even after everything that happened. That's what I do, just push things out, make a half-ass attempt to solve whatever it is, and only get off my ass to do damage control when things inevitably go to hell. Fucking pointless, useless, I can't even—

No, no fuck that teenager line of thought; I'm not some shining paragon of justice here to solve everybody's problems in the quickest and most efficient way possible, I'm doing my best with what I have, I'm preparing myself for the future, helping out where I can, and also living my fucking life. I have to keep things in perspective.

But I do need a longer reach, more resources, better means to act, so I can deal with whatever bullshit this anime world throw at me.

But right now I should keep my focus; I have a job to do.

Wrestling back control over my mood, I slipped my hands into my pockets and left the payphone behind. Turning over the corner, I retraced my steps over the short path from here to the empty area behind Akukin Constructions' main office.

Ah, looks like there is a small crowd of spectators now. Not that I blame them it was a sight to behold.

Two combatants locked in a dance of flaring limbs that was just as brutal as it was beautiful. It had the artistic rendition of the human body moving in complex, mesmerizing stances Kung fu action movies wish they could capture while having a sense of the raw, dangerous intention of two people doing their best to break one another.

Takeuchi Yuka shredded my idea that Karate was a rigid and restrictive fighting style by using it to become a highly efficient machine of bodily obliteration. There was simply no motion from her that was easy to follow; her punches and kicks were like gunshots and machineguns, and the way she shifted, reacted, adapted to her opponent's attacks was mindboggling. You just got the sense of extreme polish from her, taking a familiar and well-studied fighting style so far to the next level it was hard to see where it started.

Saotome Ranma was fucking Saotome Ranma, and by god he finally managed to fully integrate that Dance, Dance Revolution technique he grew so fond of into his normal style, shattering any distinction between them. If he was hard to hit before, now it was nigh impossible. He seems to roll and slip away from everything you threw at him, usually at the last second to add salt to the wound. Beyond that, there was his devastating mobility and ability to attack from every fucking angle without compromising his speed and strength.

This was a no tricks, no bullshit here, just a straight-up fight between two martial artists of similar levels, and it was clear that they both were loving it.

I've been entranced by the show during the first five minutes of it before I sneaked away to make the call. But given what I could see now, I've arrived at the last stretch.

Got to see the last moves though. As Ranma stepped up the pace of his hit and run tactic, putting Takeuchi-san at a clear disadvantage, as she seems to rely heavily on close-range engagement and solid posture. Not helping was the fact that the ground beneath her feet, which was a fairly standard earthy field before I left, now resembled a no man's land right after an artillery bombardment.

Though when she managed to get a counter in she usually made them count. The last one seeing her literally grab Ranma's ankle midair and turn the momentum of his own kick to slam him hard against the ground. Both reacted at the same time, Ranma with a rising kick as he attempted to jump away and Takeuchi-san dodging at the nick of time and driving a fist into Ranma's gut.

The next flurry of movement had them literally rolling around like a wheel of flesh, both taking advantage of whatever leverage they could to lay down and redirect what I knew would be deciding strikes. Their proximity made the display look positively vicious, but, ironically, that was the part the normie witnesses saw less, because it kicked up a whole lot of dust as the poor abused, grounds around them started to shatter even more.

The fucking dust cloud turned into a dust whirlwind by the time it started obscuring my vision. By that point, I had to cast a few mana bolts against some flying wreckage before they could crash against the onlookers. At least they had enough sense to turn tail after that.

I waited for the sounds of the battle to die down completely. Then, waving a hand through the fading dust cloud, I slid down the four meters hole they somehow drilled in the middle of the field to where I could finally see the victor.

"I lost, huh." Murmured Takeuchi Yuka, incredulously. A bloodied and battered Ranma was pinning her down with a raised fist aiming directly at her face. "That hasn't happened in a while."

"Phe!" Ranma exhaled the air he was holding and dropped off her, moving to sit on the side and get control over his panting.

The girl just continued to lie there, staring at the clear skies.

A pity she changed her ill-fitted uniform – apparently, they didn't have one that fitted around her chest – to a more casual jeans ensemble. In the state she's in, I could tell it would have made for an interesting sight.

"So, all good?" I asked, looking between the two.

My friend immediately snapped an accusatory finger at the older girl.

"You held back!"

That stirred her out of her musings, and she pushed herself to a sitting position. "So did you." She countered before raising herself the rest of the way up.

To my astonishment, she looked better off than Ranma, just a little bit.

"Thank you." She offered a hand to her fellow martial artist. "I needed that... In more ways than one."

Ranma held his frown for a few moments. Then he sighed and accepted her help. Once the two were up, he spoke again, his voice brimming with determination. "You won't be able to hold back next time."

Takeuchi-san giggled at his challenge. "Oh, we'll see about that."

Two peas in a pod, these two, no wonder they hit off so well.

I cleared my throat loudly enough to cut through the growing atmosphere. "Sorry to break the moment there, but do you remember our deal, Takeuchi-san?"

"Of course, a deal's a deal, especially now that I lost." No idea what she meant but the way Ranma nodded his head knowingly in the background told me this was probably a martial artist thing.

"I was actually thinking we should stop by a clinic on the way."

"Eww, why is that, Hiroshi?" Ranma grumbled, with blood visibly dripping from his forehead.

My eyes twitched.

"We did get a bit carried away, tehehe." At least Takeuchi-san admitted.

None of them had the decency to show any signs of the pain they must be in. The nerve of these meatheads.

Then again it's not like I have any grounds to complain about that.

-0-0-0-​

After a visit to Tofu's and the two martial artists not looking like they lost a fight with a lawnmower anymore, we set out to this mysterious Meguro street where a mermaid statue would be marking the land for a future monster attack. Hopefully, I could get something from this one, something related to their existence I mean.

"It occurs to me that I've been rather rude," Takeuchi-san commented as she led us through a widening sidewalk. The cozy, labyrinthine sprawl of central Nerima slowly turning into the newer, more standard urban picture that is modern Tokyo. "I'm sorry for that."

She did overstep her boundaries quite a bit, acting rather forwardly from the moment we met, the Japanese part of my brain identified, the other parts, however, shared Ranma's opinion, which he helpfully vocalized.

"Eh, Don't worry about it."

I nodded in agreement, my face set on a grin. "You were really thirsting for a fight, weren't you?"

... My double meaning was, of course, wasted on these two innocent souls.

"I hadn't had a good fight in a while." She started to drift off but shook her head back to focus. "And you, where in the world did you come from, Saotome-san? There is no word of a martial artist of your level in Nerima in the circles."

Ranma frowned at that, hopping off from the fence he was balancing on to level with us on the sidewalk. "Circles, what circles?"

Going by the trend, probably underground fighting circles.

The girl disbelievingly searched Ranma's expression for a moment, and then looked genuinely sheepish when she saw he really had no idea of what she was talking about.

"Oh, hm, Tokyo martial art's scene has this... not exactly a community, but a web of common contact. Bars and restaurants that use their establishments as meeting places, tournament organizers, dojos, gyms, other martial artists. Um, It's really helpful to keep up with the news or search for good opponents."

"You mean there is somethin' like that in Japan too!?" Ranma exclaimed. At my questioning look, he clarified. "In China, there is a lot of that. Practically in every city."

"Make sense." I addressed Takeuchi-san before her confusion had a chance to grow. "Ranma and his father were in a decade-long, hyper-focused training trip. He must have not plaid attention to these 'Circles' before they became relevant."

To be fair, I hadn't considered something like that either. But it doesn't surprise me that it exists, if the supernatural had a super-secret community lurking underneath normal society, why not martial artists?

"That explains it." I kinda love how easily Takeuchi-san easily just up and accepts the reasoning; in another world, this would have got me only blank looks and crazy labels. The girl opened a smile and charmingly raise a finger. "It's actually a very good way for wandering martial artists to find support. Medical care, cheap renting places or vacated lots where you can discretely camp, work opportunities, they can hook you up with basically everything you need!"

"Sounds seedy," I commented. But Ranma snorting a "Duh!" besides me told me that's to be expected.

"Gah, I, hehe." The girl embarrassingly scratched the back of her head, just below the large ponytail. "I've put that in a weird way, sorry. Um, I won't lie; there are some seedy elements on it. B-But if you keep away from them you'll have a good experience, I promise."

"Relax I'm just being a shithead." I waved off. The girl stuttered a quiet gasp that told me she at least had a cursory understanding of English but didn't tell me why she reacted the way she-

Ah, some confusion in Japan's weird rules of conversation and etiquette. You see, there are a lot of ways to structure a sentence in Japanese, added words, shift in pronunciation, the usage of certain expressions; you point might be the same, but the way you convey that point – plus other things like posture and mannerism - must change according to the setting you are in, or the person you are talking to.

Takeuchi-san has been very casual when she first met us, basting her way through a 'proper' Japanese first meeting with a stranger –also customer interaction now that I think about it – and delivering a fighting challenge of all things. And then she kept going well past that point till she realize how she's been acting, and now she is trying to create a proper, polite distance.

Basically, girl too hungry for battle to care about social conventions is now trying to re-establish them to salvage how rude she must have been coming off.

Luckily for her, guy with half the head of a barbaric westerner and guy raised in the wilds by dirty panda-man don't give a flying fuck about that.

"You can call me by my first name if you want, Takeuchi-san."

This might be one the most clique lines there is, especially in an anime world. But it is a quick and easy way to say that I didn't mind if she skip formalities. The Japanese custom of conveying your true feelings using indirect words is quite lovely if it's not used for bullshit reasons.

"Call me Ranma. Saotome-san sounds like you're calling to my pops." Ranma followed my lead, though I had no idea if he got the true reasons. He probably just likes to keep things casual.

"Ah... thank you, Ranma-san, Hiroshi-san. Please feel free to do the same." Yuka responded with a smile, some of the building tension finally easing up on her body.

This does not mean we are now good friends or anything like that, but it made for a better foundation and cleared the air before any awkwardness had a chance to settle in.

Where were you when I needed you, high-class etiquette lessons, and high charisma stat? Do you know how many problems I could have avoided being this socially aware back in my old life!?

The urban growths forming around us were now giving way to a more greenish landscape. It's not like we were leaving the city behind, goodness no, it's actually the opposite giving the direction we were going. It's more like the more packed parts of the city were spreading apart to let a pocked of parks, monuments, wide walkways, and huge residential areas rest undisturbed by the inconvenience of city life.

This is the wealthiest part of Nerima by far, while the Kuno did not live here, deciding to reside on their ancestral home by Nerima's center, this particular edge is where people like the Kuno's live.

God knows what these filthy rich anime people do behind closed doors, I whipped my eyes around suspiciously, after Sephiroth dad and the Kunos I don't trust any wealthy person to not be an eccentric weirdo.

Wait... I'm not a wealthy eccentric weirdo, aren't I?

Aren't I!?

Horrifying self-realizations would have to wait, for the fabled mermaid statue finally made its appearance.

It was... a statue? A normal statue of a lone mermaid perched on top of a jagged rock, a surprisingly happy expression on her face as opposed to the usual melancholy associated with the character. It was well made, well kept, and it looked nice against the warm orange of the late afternoon sky, but there wasn't anything particularly special about it.

Someone had stolen the plaque containing the name of the piece and the sculptor, dick move.

"There it is, just as I remember." Yuka stepped forward and gently passed a hand over the base. "My father used to own a construction company, he did some work around here and I..." She trails off then shook her head, the almond-colored ponytail swinging from side to side.

Then, she swung back around to face us and gave us a cheerful smile. "So! We're here, just as promised! Why did you want to come here again?"

"We're lookin' for info about a monster attack foretold by a future-seeing squirrel who is also a pervert." My heart filled with pride as Yuka literally tumbled to the ground. That was beautiful Ranma, simply beautiful. "Oi, Hiroshi, what now?"

"Working on it." With a proud smile on my face, I closed my eyes and concentrated.

In the background, I could hear Yuka's bewildered follow-up, but let Ranma take care of that. Ahhh, is this what parents feel like when their children leave their nests?

Focusing now.

My Spiritual Senses skill had leveled up quite a bit since the last time I used it for something critical. Its sheer utility and importance to the kind of world I now live in gave me plenty of reasons to cultivate it and learn whatever I could about it.

I've become good at feeling the supernatural is what I mean. At first, the skill just gave me a general feel for it, and I could reasonably notice if something was up to no good if it was obvious enough. But now I could pick up subtle differences and tones that I simply couldn't before, without the source of it flaring it carelessly I mean.

This was good because, as I come to learn, the supernatural was everywhere.

It was nothing like the insides of an Illusion barrier, where there is so much that the skill was practically useless, but everyday items, locations, even people had at least something a little bit supernatural about them.

Thankfully, Rin was there at the time to explain the context to me, otherwise, I see myself bunking down for some days due to sheer paranoia. Turn out, it's quite common for objects and locations to accumulate energy either from the people close by or from the world itself; these rarely lead to anything beyond giving false alarm to some of the more sensitive mediums out there, which apparently I counted as given my ever-growing skill for it.

As for people, well, any type of supernatural encounter, no matter how quick or innocuous, could leave something with a person that makes them stand out from the rest, that's why there is a saying that if you encounter the supernatural you will start attracting more of it. This is truer than most people believe; you, yourself becomes a bit supernatural.

Or your ancestor boinked something other than human and now you have a bit of oddity in your blood, for Japan, that's actually the most common reason.

Anyway, as I spread my spiritual senses as far as I could until I could feel every supernatural peak around the statue and the streets leading up to it. Before I wouldn't have noticed anything, or I would have noticed everything thus have nothing to show for it. Now, I noticed a particular bit of weirdness on a particular spot that was worth investigating.

"Follow me," I said as I began to walk towards it.

Ranma sent Yuka a bit of a smug look due to some interaction that I missed, the older girl, for her part, looked confused and conflicted before finally deciding to stick around.

The street stretching behind the mermaid statue – apparently, the Meguro Daiko Street Yuka talked about – neatly fit with the district's standards. The houses were smaller than the others that we encountered but that was clearly because they were going for a 'western suburban' flare and were constructed to look like something out of a gated community.

Modern style western houses on both sides of the streets, not something you see every day in 90's Japan, both martial artists behind began to shift uncomfortably by the sheer unfamiliarity, I just ignored it and strode toward one of the less garish and odd-looking ones, standing by its, ironically, white picket fence.

"This one. There is something weird about this one."

"They all look weird as hell." Ranma countered.

"You know what I meant."

"Ano, Hiroshi-san, I don't think I follow," Yuka mumbled.

Ranma squinted his eyes at the property, probably trying to feel for anything, or see what I was fussing about. Meanwhile, I turned to face the older girl.

"Yuka-san, we only met today so this will make little sense, but there is something me and Ranma need to check in this house. It's probably nothing and we'll just embarrass ourselves, but there is a chance it will be dangerous so, um..." I fidget awkwardly for a bit. It's not that I'm worried about the possibility of her fighting a monster, not after the level of strength she displayed against Ranma, but this is our first meeting and dragging her into a dangerous situation was terribly impolite. "Nice to meet you? I would genuinely like to hang out more, Ranma too, so... see you next time?"

Some of the awkwardness of my goodbye attempt reflected on to her, but she soon hardened her posture and expression.

"If you say that it could be dangerous, Hiroshi-san, then I can't let you two to face it alone. My apologies for intruding again."

"But-"

"Cut the crap, Hiroshi." Ranma interrupted me from where he was leaning against the fence. "If she wants in, she wants in."

Well, when he puts it like that. "I suppose more backup can't hurt."

I focused on the house again. Of the rows of houses there, this was the one that stood out, there was nothing dark or malicious about it, it was just different than every other in some slight ways. Kinda like a goat among sheep, if you didn't look carefully, you wouldn't see it, but when you see it, you can't unsee it.

Normally, something this small wouldn't arouse any suspicion, but when there is a prediction that the area will be the site of a monster attack...

Yeah.

"Can you see a good place for us to hide?" I asked Ranma.

"Hide and wait!? Screw that! Let's get in through that chimney."

"No, it could be a trap. Look, Rin taught me how to make some small shikigami, we can send that first."

"Hum..." Yuka interjected, "How about we just knock on the front door."

I frowned. "Because..." I closed my mouth.

Actually, not a bad idea, it could be a trap but why would it be, we are just three normal... relatively normal kids who were just curious and decided to check out around the neighbors, even if they slam the door on my face because delinquent we would see who lives in there and could begin to plan... Oh, you got to be kidding me.

A loud slap echoed as my hand met my face. "Urg, why did I fall for such stupid gag!?"

"That was pretty stupid of you, Hiroshi." Ranma, the fucker, commented with a straight face.

Yuka just laughed awkwardly, probably already regretting sticking around.

The classic 'Ding Dong' of the bell was almost nostalgic to hear, you really don't get much of those around Nerima for some reason. The three of us stood by the sizable porch, anticipation and tension slowly growing as the seconds ticked by and the door stayed unanswered.

Before finally.

"Yes?"

A very attractive girl pulled the door open. Small-statured, nicely curvy, wearing a pink, puffy dress, and with a virtual cloud of curly, chestnut-colored hair falling slowly to her back. Huge light blue eyes regarded each of us with blinking confusion.

Shiratori Azusa
Klepto Princess of The Figure Skating Martial Art
Level: 23

That's one weird-ass title all right. Klepo, like, Kleptomaniac? And what in the flipping hell is figure skating martial art? Well, at least its sounds like something we would find in Ranma ½.

Holy shit it is something that we would find in Ranma ½! That's crazy ice skating girl from that one arc right in the beginning of the anime. I can't believe I even managed to remember that.

Feeling a bit surer with myself, though with more questions popping up in my mind, I open my mouth to greet her and... and...

"Azusa...-san?"

The incredulousness in my voice drew the attention of my two companions, but I was a bit lost at the moment.

I know her.

Ōe Hiroshi know her, I have memories rushing in from their multiple interactions and I— Shit, what is with today and dragging out this guy's past!?

"Oi, Hiroshi what is it?" My reaction made Ranma raise his guard, expecting the girl to sprout claws and jump at us or something similar. Yuka, who was completely unfamiliar with our usual bullshit, got a clearer picture.

"Do you know her?" She asked.

"Yeah." I found my voice. "We are... childhood friends, in a way." To Japan's lofty standards that is, to everywhere else we're more like childhood acquaintances; two children forced by their parents to interact during the boring adult gala parties they were dragged in because they're of a similar age, and to quote; 'look so cute together!'. As far as I know, she's not actually my fiancé or anything... as far as I know.

With my thoughts in order, I cleared my throat, finally addressing the girl we were rudely ignoring. "Hello there Azusa-san it's been a—gah!"

Shiratori Azusa decided to remind me that she was an actual, trained martial artist by stepping into my guard and... grabbing my head with both hands, and pulling me to her. Due to our differences in height, it was quite a bend.

Despite the impression she gave, she didn't go for a kiss, instead, she kept my face leveled on hers, inches apart. Her large, light blue gaze suddenly analytical, sharply darting around as she took in the details.

"U-Um?"

Then, like a switch had been flipped inside her, her adorable expression of intense concentration twisted into one of pure, unrelenting heartbreak. Her eyes, her most distinctive feature, once so clear and luminous immediately clouded with tears of raw anguish. My chest clenched in sympathy for the sheer hurt she was displaying,

W-what the hell!? What happened between us to leave her like this!? I don't remember—

"EUGENE, YOU AREN'T CUTE ANYMORE!"

Eh?

It was like a dam breaking.

For me, at least.

Memories, more interactions with Shiratori Azusa, but of a different type, a different darker type, trigged by that terrible, terrible name they came, rasping open a wound in my soul I'd thought closed.

Every time, every single encounter, always that name being squealed, always being dragged around by a smaller source of overwhelming strength, and, and being made to wear dresses! And make up! And the tea parties, oh lord so many tea parties, oh yes Francine I would love another sugar cup! Oh, indeed Margaret you look lively in that dress! Oh, I'm having fun, are you having fun; we are having fun so much so much so much somuchsomuchsomuch-

A small, delicate hand grabbed the collar of my shirt with a grip that would have dented iron.

"I'LL FIX YOU, EUGENE!"

No.

Anything but that.

"GUYS!" Someone was screaming, who was screaming? Me! I was screaming like a bitch! My lord! It appears that I was being dragging into hell now, probably should do something about that. "HELP!"

Ranma burst out in a loud fit of laughter, Yuka just looked at my demise, horrified.

"HELPPPPPP!!!!" I screamed as I was pulled through the threshold of hell itself.

Yeah, no.

Fuck. That.

I am not the old Ōe Hiroshi. I have his body, I have his memories, but I am not him. Whatever old traumas the old Ōe Hiroshi had have no place in the life of the new Ōe Hiroshi, and I refused to be pulled into anime high jinks I want no part in.

So I planted my feet on the ground, grabbed hold of her wrist, and stopped her. Because despite being a martial artist with superhuman strength – that explains so much! – I was stronger than Shiratori Azusa.

"Now listen here, Azusa." I began sternly to the whining girl trying to pull herself from my grip for once. "I am not going to tolerate your behavior anymore, so you better... you better..."

From the inside the house, the supernatural feeling was different than anything I ever felt before.

It wasn't like the Cardians, no I faced two of them by now and was pretty sure I could pick them up if they show up again, it wasn't like Semurahamaru the squirrel kami, the few yokai I met and saw around Nerima, the monsters I summoned by my skill, or even the blood golem created by Nezuko. This was completely different.

Dangerous, is a word that I'd use to describe, but that would be incorrect, it wasn't dangerous per se, not like the danger that I get from an enemy about to attack. It was more like a... deep sense of wariness, an instinctual impression that something was wrong here, just enough to leave you uncomfortable, but not enough to trigger a fight or flight response.

To my surprise, my mind made a connection to something that I felt before. It wasn't the same, it wasn't even similar, hell, it wasn't even close to being similar, but my mind made the comparison anyway.

The feeling Rin sometimes gave out.

"Eugene, hey Eugene... Oi Hiroshi." A hard poke on my ribs dragged me back to reality. What? How long I was- I turned to look at Ranma.

My friend was discretely gesturing with his head, his eyes shifting between me and whatever was in front of us. He also had... a faint blush on his cheek? "Erm, You might wanna..." I noticed Yuka behind him; she was looking forwards with a frozen smile and a bright blush.

I finally turned around to watch the scene that had arranged itself while I was lost in my own head.

Azusa was sitting by the corner, looking sullen and pouty and properly reprehended for being rude to the guests. Standing now before us was.

God Damn~

Now, among the many memories of Shiratori Azusa I had the pleasure of immersing myself in, was the memory of her parents, more precisely, memories of her mother. Unlike her daughter, Shiratori Makiko was a kind, beautiful soul who was wonderfully considerate of others and generally a joy to be around. The old Hiroshi never got why she was frequently the center of attention on the parties his parents forced him to attend, but that's because that boy had no culture to speak off before I came around.

She was drop-dead gorgeous and had a body women would murder for, pure and simple. The only downside was that she was the kind of lady who dresses really conservatively, so her prodigious curves couldn't be properly appreciated.

She does not dress conservatively at home, it seems.

"Ara, ara, is that you, Ōe-kun? My, look at how tall you've gotten!"

Hair of a lighter shade of brown than her daughter, silky rather than curled, facial features that were a near-perfect mixture between motherly and aristocratically, perpetually closed eyes that somehow conveyed an air of gentleness that would give Kasumi a run for her money, taimanin-sized breasts barely contained within a sweater shirt that showed so much cleavage that the top of her areolas were clearly visible, tiny biker shorts that might as well be painted on with how tightly it bit into her suppler flesh, boldly displaying a plump cameltoe that just made me want to bit my fist and hmmm. The gap between the shorts and shirt left the tantalizing sight of a stomach that had just enough of pudge in it to enhance the overall look rather than detract from it. I could also see the thin strings of her underwear rising up from the bike-short to circle above her hipbone, leaving no doubt as to the type she favored.

Ok, hum... Hot, very hot, very fucking hot, like, hot enough that I'm afraid to burn myself if I get closer. But, and I hate to admit it, the look did not fit her. With her face and her body she'd be hotter in a tightly fitted sundress or a naked apron, though I do appreciate the sheer brass she has to dress so slutty at home, the neighborhood's kid must line up by the window to watch her go about her day.

I actually opened my mouth to tell her that, and I nearly punched myself to stop it. Luckily, I was able to pass the action as me wiping a bit of drool, it wasn't far from the truth anyway.

"H-hey there, Shiratori-obasan. Yeah, it's been a while since we last saw each other." I managed to sneeze out. No! No little Hiroshi! Don't get up! You're too big to be concealed by pants! Fuck I'm gonna need a place to sit and something to put over my lap fast! Ranma too, for that matter.

It was at that very moment that my eyes instinctively flicked upwards, something I've been doing for every single person I meet.

What I saw instantly set my alarms going and filled me with a dreadful realization.

Shiratori Makiko
The White-lily Priestess
Fallen Hime-Miko
NOMAD High-class Sex Slave.
Level: 66

This...

This isn't good.



A/n:
Me: "I'm thinking about doing a really wholesome school chapter, remind people a bit of the characters I've put together there, werewolf boy is going to become important soon."
My Muse: "HAH!."

If you wondering why Yuka have a higher level than Ranma here is my resoning:

Spoiler: About Yuka and the story mechanics.

Imagens of the girls that appeared in the chapter:
Spoiler: Takeuchi Yuka

Spoiler: Shiratori Azusa

Spoiler: Shiratori Makiko

Spoiler: Shiratori Makiko 2
Last edited: Nov 20, 2021
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Sorcerer_Supreme12 and 1,115 others
Adudefromthesea
Nov 8, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Dec 25, 2021
Add bookmark
#10,535
Sorry for the delay and thank you very much for keeping this thread alive for this long, I'm honestly flattered.

Merry Chirstmas



Chapter 15





NOMAD.

The primary antagonist of the Taimanin game series, a demonic organization involved in a myriad of criminal activities, but with a particular focus on the carnal side. In the games, they specialize in breaking powerful women, turning them into mindless sex slaves for their rich clients or breeding sows for their army of demons. Needless to say, they and their many associates are the main force responsible for the brutal rape the taimanin protagonists suffer throughout their respective games.

It was inevitable that I would bump into them someday, I knew that from the moment I've became involved with Rin, but I didn't expect that the first clear sign of their existence would be from someone directly tied to my past, to Ōe Hiroshi's past.

How long had this been going on? When did it start? I can't... I don't interact with the Shiratori family that much, so it's hard to get a point of reference.

But Shiratori Makiko's 'assets' weren't that big the last time I saw her. I could see that now that I wasn't drooling over her. Oh, they were always enormous, but what she has now can't be explained by 'tight dresses' or 'chest bounds', it just can't. So this situation must have started somewhere within this past year.

I suppose this doesn't matter right now, all that matters is what is in front of me.

The Shiratori matriarch clapped her hands together in a cheerful manner, making her arms press her mammoth chest together in a way that would be a lot more distracting if I hadn't known her circumstances.

"My, my, nice timing! Today is katsudon day! You simply must stay for dinner, Ōe-kun; this old lady's katsudon is renowned throughout the world you know!"

Dinner? No... No way. We are getting the fuck out of here. For all I know this entire house is a giant trap for powerful individuals, we cannot stay here, and we certainly cannot consume anything this close to a possible NOMAD base. God knows stronger people than me got tricked the exact same way.

A small part of my brain suggested that this internal freak out is a bit unwarranted. This part of my brain was clearly retarded. I'm a healthy young man in a sexual relationship with a taimanin in a world where NOMAD is a thing: this never ends up well. So unless I put a few leagues between me and the danger zone, there is no way I'm lowering my guard, else hentai tropes might start to literally fuck me over.

Leaning heavily on my Pokerface skill to keep my emotions from spilling out, I gave the fallen-hime-miko-sex-slave-milf a polite smile while I formulated a bullshit excuse to get us out of this mess. "I apologize Shiratori-obasan, but we won't be able to stay. While it was a delightful surprise to find you two living here, I'm afraid we actually got the wrong address, we have urgent business elsewhere."

As I said that, my hand shot up to grasp Ranma's shoulder in a grip tight enough to get even him a sting. Hopefully with this, and my tense demeanor he'll get that something is terribly wrong.

Note to self; look up a code language we can use next time things go tits up.

"Y-yeah." Oh, thank god! "We got, hum, somethin' to do somewhere else, sorry about' that." My friend stammered out.

Yuka, who wasn't at our wavelength, let out a confused little "Eh?" While glancing at us, but thankfully refrained from making any comment.

Above her perpetually closed eyes, Shiratori-obasan's bow crinkled a bit, she opened her mouth to respond when, suddenly, a cloud of brown hair blocked my vision.

"NO!" Azusa shouted right at my face, clinging on to me. "You're not leaving until I make you cute again Eugene!"

Oh no, no, no, not this again, what is this girl's problem!? Hadn't I made it clear that— Actually, what is this girl's deal? Her mother is a sex slave, but there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with her, and she hadn't even dressed in a particular slutty manner like her mother. Given how NOMAD was portrayed in the games, that was odd, to say the least.

"Now, now, young lady." Azusa let out a whiny yelp as her mother, in an amazing display of strength, pried her from my chest by her ear. "You're being rude to the guests!"

The older woman pulled her daughter back and turned her attention to me. She looked even better up close, with small details like her elegant eyelashes, her shiny pink lips, and the beauty mark in the valley between her vast cleavage really popping off. Her scent was another thing that caught me off guard; a deep, intoxicating, yet undefined sweet fragrance that was almost too thick to breathe.

Poker Face leveled up!

"Are you sure you can't stay?" Shiratori-obasan pleaded with a soft, mewing voice. "It's been ages since we last talk! How are you dear? How is your mother? My, there is so much to catch up!"

My mind conjured images of a hazel-haired woman built like a supermodel who just oozed confidence wherever she went, but I pushed that to the side because I can't afford to have the memories of my other parent give me another mental breakdown. Though at least I could confirm that my mother's appearance was not as... unique as my father's, thank god.

I raised both my hands to my sides in a helpless gesture. "I'm afraid it's impossible, obasan. I'd love to visit another day and have a chat but today we really must be going."

Her delicate fingers touched her cheek as she tilted her head to the side and let out a despondent sigh. Still, her body leaned forwards, the wide, puffy nipples about to pop out of her sweater and brush against the fabric of my shirt. Her glossy mouth parted to voice an insistence—

When suddenly, the door behind us clicked open, and a tired "I'm home." Resonated throughout the house.

Shiratori-obasan's reaction to it was... quite the sight. To say the woman 'perked up' would be an understatement. She nearly jumped in place, all her visible skin immediately turned bright pink, and her expression erupted into euphoric delight before she bodily pushed past me with a "Welcome home~" Singsonging out of her lips.

That hurt a little bit, not gonna lie.

My arm was pulled to the side as Azusa decided to fill up the space her mother left behind and giggly tried to sneak me away to the torture chamber she calls a room while everybody was distracted. At this point, I simply grabbed her by the face, pushed her as far as my arm could spread, and kept her here. Ignoring the muffed whining, I directed my attention to the new developments.

Um, oh.

If the two innocent meatheads that had come with me had been stunned by Shiratori-obasan's appearance and dress code, now they were about to explode. The Milf – Sex slave, got to remember that – choose to greet the man that had come in by latching herself to him and sticking her tongue down his throat. And she was doing this loudly, messily, and utterly shamelessly.

Sounds that were too inappropriate to describe filled the air while limbs were thrown around and clung to whatever they could reach. Finally, just before clothes began to drop, the man's increasingly hazy eyes found the three unknown teenagers by the entrance corridors and widened in realization.

"M-Makiko, there's... There are guests!" The man stammered breathless, trying to push the amorous woman away from him.

"Dear~~~!" She, of course, paid no mind to his attempts and dove in for more kisses.

Shiratori Fumihiro, being the sole heir of an old, powerful family with ties to several successful businesses, was the one responsible for his family's current social standing. However, he was always the odd one out at the parties and events I remember seeing him in. Unlike the boisterous arrogance expected from a man of his station, he was timid and reserve, laughing and stammering awkwardly while the others exchanged confident courtesies and cunning talks. Looking at the memories bombarding me, the man always gave out the impression of a bunny surrounded by hungry lions, with his wife easily retaining most of the attention wherever the couple went.

Ultimately, however, he was a good man. Much like his wife, all my direct interactions with him were very positive. He was really quite friendly and talkative once you took him away from the posh, arrogant crowd and put him somewhere he was more comfortable with, like near the kids.

The man by the door looked like Shiratori Fumihiro, acted like Shiratori Fumihiro, and even felt like him, but he wasn't.

Gamadamaru
The Viridian Demon
Level: 40

Ah.

I must admit, getting throw neck deep into a shitty situation and then suddenly discovering something of a source to it felt quite nice. Like locating the key piece of a jigsaw puzzle, or uncovering the main clue for a grand mystery. Most of my questions were erased right then and there, it wasn't like they'd been perfectly answered, of course, but now I had the cause, pieces started to fall into place.

No matter what details are still missing, I can safely say this fucker is the reason Shiratori Makiko is a sex slave.

And that focused me like you wouldn't believe.

The demon finally managed to push the woman to a comfortable distance, and then he looked up at me with Shiratori Fumihiro's wide, honest face and smiled his small, embarrassed smile.

Poker Face leveled up!

"Sorry about that, my wife can be, err, overly passionate sometimes."

Not an ounce of recognition.

"I-It's fine." It seems the display of classic Japanese humbleness prompted Yuka to awkwardly react in solidarity. "It's nice to see such a, ahem, happy marriage?"

For my part, I just... smiled.

"It's been a while, Shiratori-ojisan."

"Oh." The demon blinked rapidly at me. His 'wife' helpfully interjected.

"Dear! It's Ōe-kun! Can you believe it!? Look how tall he is!"

"A-Ah." The demon cast his gaze between the woman and me. "Ōe... Hiroshi-kun, right? You look so different I was barely able to recognize you, haha." It rubbed the back of its head awkwardly.

Sure, let's go with that.

"Hm." It cleared its throat at my lack of response. "W-Will you be staying for dinner?"

It was a small thing; I would certainly have missed it if I wasn't paying complete attention to the creature. But its eyes slid away from me and suddenly I wasn't the creature's focus anymore.

He looked at Yuka and kept looking at her.

My smile solidified. "I'm afraid not, we have other business to attend."

"But it's dark already, surely it can wait for tomorrow." He neatly followed that up. "In fact, I very much insist."

At that exact moment, the door behind him close without any prompt, and I felt a slight tingle with my supernatural senses. That... the inflection of his voice... his continuous attention on Yuka... can this guy be any more obvious?

New quest: Hentai Plot interrupt!
You have stumbled upon a NOMAD operation. Quick, do something about it!
Rewards:
5.000 exp.
Increases closeness with the Taimanin Corps.
Increases closeness with the History Compilation Committee.
Increases closeness with Shiratori Asuza.
Decreases closeness with Shiratori Makiko.
Vastly decreases closeness with the NOMAD organization.
Failure:
Decreases closeness with Shiratori Asuza.
Decreases closeness with Shiratori Makiko.
Crippling injury.
Mind Break.
Death
Accept/Refuse.

Well, it wasn't like I needed further excuse.

The nice, polished floorboard splintered under the weight of my advancing step. The air popped at my side as a sudden volume was introduced to it mid-swing, and my baseball bat announced its presence by bursting through the demon's head, turning it into a fine trail of red mist.

Some of it painted the top of Shiratori-obasan's head, regrettably.

Several things happened in the follow-up second. I was abruptly slammed into a wall with an arm nearly crushing my windpipe as Yuka got right at my face with an intense and, frankly, terrifying expression, a shocked Ranma looked between the falling body and my new predicament and started to move to do something about it, and the other two members of the Shiratori family let out confused gasps, one noticeably more strangulated than the other.

"It's a—" It was the only thing I managed to force out my compressed throat before everything went to tentacle shit.

Note to fucking self; blow the fucking demon to tiny bits next time around.

It didn't exactly hurt. Heck, it didn't even damage me, as the lack of any drop on my Hp bar would attest, but having the body of the demon explode into spreading tentacles like some kind of gross grenade so close to me meant that some of them stuck my sides, knocked the wind out of me and send me flying away; a fate similar to what happened to the rest.

Thank god they went for the 'bash away to create distance' route rather than the usual 'grab and ensnare' route. It would be a lot harder to deal with.

"It's!" I yelled as my body slammed hard against the ceiling, I rolled with the impact and managed to land on my feet, "- a hentai demon!"

Sharer of obvious news, it is me.

Don't think anyone heard me though, having been knocked away like that. Before my eyes, the spreading pink mass quickly congregated into a singular body and blurred out of view.

It was faster than I expected, and it didn't move in a straight line, choosing instead to grab onto the walls and ceilings and dash forwards in fast, jerky motions like some kind of Japanese movie monster. My eyes struggled to follow it around as it made its way towards me in a distinct three-dimensional trajectory.

My reaction time, horned by weeks of hard training and battle to the dead, was more than enough to keep up with it, however, so I was moving before I even detected the follow-up attack. With a short tilt of my torso, I avoided the spearing tentacle and swung my bat at it in a nigh-perfect counter.

I wasn't able to put my full weight behind it because of poor posture but it was more than enough to send the demon flying. It crashed against the front hall and held itself there for a second, allowing me to see its full grotesque form for the first time.

A humanoid frog creature with disturbingly long limbs and a tangle of tentacle sprouting from its back, I note in academic interest before raising my bat and shooting a series of Mana Bolts from the tip.

The thing easily zigzagged out of the way. Didn't I hurt it? No, seeming how quick and flexible its limbs were, it must have jumped together with my attack to mitigate the damage. I directed a few shots to intercept some kind of throwing weapon it managed to send flying at me, but before the demon could capitalize on this opportunity a shouting Ranma body slammed it from the side, taking them both to another room.

Trusting my friend to keep the thing busy for a moment, I swept my eyes over the area and focused on the other points of concern.

Everything that I knew of Shiratori Makiko points to her not being a fighter, but the title of 'Fallen Hime-Miko' and her high level wasn't something I could simply ignore. The bafflement on the rising woman face as she struggled to process the last thirty or so seconds was another indication of her non-combatant status, even so, I stepped over to her and delivered a quick, painless jab to the back of her neck, robbing her of her consciousness and making her drop back down on where she had fallen.

"Hiroshi, what's happening!?" Yuka's hard tone made me look up. The martial artist was looming over me, not exactly aggressive but clearly tensed, her battlefield senses visibly winning over whatever confusion and conflicting feelings she might be having.

Oh right, I did appear to murder someone right in front of her, didn't I?

"That man is a demon, it'd infiltrated this family for some, no doubt malignant, reason." I shiftily informed her.

"A demon?" She tilted her head to the sounds of the battle happening in the other room.

"No time to explain further." I noticed a groaning Azusa pulling herself to her knees in the background. "Please take Azusa and Shiratori-obasan out of the house and keep them safe. I and Ranma will take care of it."

Fewer women close to the thing the better.

Yuka frowned but I didn't wait around to hear her protest, I did hear Azuna's alarmed questions as I rushed past but I paid no mind to it and leaped into the room where the action was happening.

Only to duck and roll behind the remains of a couch as the temperature flared and a foul-smelling green flame washed over the now identifiable living room.

A frog demon that can breathe fire, great.

I swerved around and braced my hands and shoulders against the back of the couch, my legs tensing in preparation beneath me. From the stream of flames above, a slightly toasty Ranma popped off, saw me, figured out what I was about to do, and joined the effort without so much as a word.

Using our combined strength we pushed the furniture towards the source of the flames. It hit the demon with a satisfyingly sounding crash but the nimble fucker managed to roll around it and let it fly past, which it did for a considerable distance. At least it cut off the fire.

Then, freaking rain started pouring down on us.

"Of course," Ranma mumbled grumpily as he suddenly turned into a she. Meanwhile, I looked up at the ceiling to see— Seriously!? A full fire suppression system in a residential home? Who would even—

Poison Resistance leveled up!

SHIT!

A full-powered Mana Bolt exploded against the ceiling, spreading ethereal sparks and kinetic energy across every corner. It did stop the water but I noted that it did not blow a hole straight through the next floor as it damn well should. I pushed that aside to address Ranma.

"The water has been tampered with, do not let it get into your mouth!"

"What?" My friend mumbled, then, to my horror, a brief wobble spread through her posture, "Oh ok." She says as she took stock of the effects.

It can be absorbed through skin! Fuck! Fuck!

"Look out!" Ranma suddenly yelled and dragged me to the ground. The space around us exploded in a series of heavy thumps, like a volley of old school canons had suddenly opened fire at us.

I wiped the dust out of my vision and caught a glimpse of one of the 'ammunition' thrown at us, a greenish transparent ball around the size of a person's head with a distinctly organic nucleus. As I looked, that nucleus rapidly grew to fill up the transparent space, then, burst open in a grotesque show of newly formed organs and limbs.

Oh, you got to be kidding me!

I look up just in time to see the frog demon retreating further down the house, and then the malformed tadpole creature leaped at my face.

It had a lot of fucking teeth for a newborn, but, thankfully, it was weak as hell. One bat swing was enough to reduce it to mush, and by the time I got to my feet, I had already crushed another two.

"We can't let it out of our sight!" I shouted to Ranma as I rushed forwards, basting through the minions that attacked rather than focusing on dealing with them.

There is no way I would give a Taimanin hentai demon time to breathe.

It wasn't easy though, the fire suppression system was pouring drugged water throughout the whole house, so I had to be the first to enter a room – hoping to god my resistance would keep the worst effects at bay – and take out sprays before Ranma could follow. The demon did not stop moving for a single moment. Its strategy appears to have shifted from fighting us directly to getting the fuck away as fast as possible, so it was always outside from our range, quickly bouncing around to the next exit, or avoiding our attacks. And during that mad pursuit, it kept throwing shit at us, shit as in stuff, many, many stuff; weird decorations, random colorful objects, oddly shaped statues, more furniture than I could count, fucking more tadpole monsters, all being constantly launched at us by tentacles or disgusting tongue-like appendages. I swear, if this house weren't so big we wouldn't even have space to fucking move, hoarder house for sure.

Despite that, I did not make it easy for it. At any and every opportunity I had Mana Bolts flying at it, even some of what I was coming to categorize as 'Fast Bolts' being shot by the considerable strength of bat swings, at every moment the surface the demon was passing and the area around it were exploding in a shower of condensed mana. And Ranma, well, this whole cat and mouse chase wasn't doing her temper at favors, she was already cursing up a storm at the demon's cowardice, move set, teachers, family, lineage, pets, and general appearance, and was promptly snatching the stuff it threw at us and hurling it back.

Her direct attacks, however, were the thing that was making a difference. If my Mana Bolts were harassment shots Ranma's attacks were guided missiles. She was the only one of us that could match the demon's speed, only losing in terms of agility and flexibility due to unfamiliarity with the terrain and limited range, her attacks grazed the demon more than anything, but a graze from a pissed off Saotome Ranma? Yeah, it definitely felt that.

We were somehow keeping up with its frenzy pace, hurting it, tiring it, and driving it into a corner. If I had a cleaner head, I would probably act more carefully at this point, but I was too obsessed with not giving the demon any room, not giving a chance to pull a trick on us and gain an advantage. I wanted to kill it quickly.

So I fucked up.

We drove it - or it led us - to the second floor, and in a singular motion it threw several tadpoles minions at us before striking its legs on the wall and jumping into a room. Ranma and I took care of the minions without even losing speed and followed after it. I went first, of course, to take care of the still pouring fire suppression system.

As soon as we were inside, the door closed behind us and the whole bedroom lit up as glowing magical-looking lines and scripts appeared on the walls, floor, and ceiling. A giant magical formation just activated by the door slamming close.

I can't fucking believe I didn't see that— AGHRNHHHHHH!

New Skill Created: Psionic Resistance lvl 01.
Increases your natural resistance against Psionic energy, decreases the harmful effects of Psionic energy, takes less damage from Psionic attacks.

The world lost its shape in a dazzling kaleidoscope of a million colors, distances were stretched apart, and angles folded together as perception lost all meaning and sense of self melted inside the cosmic pot of falling elements. All become one in the not-Void of creation and the great Lie was made manifest! There was pain. There was pressure, but those were quickly swallowed into the opening maw of—

Psionic Resistance leveled up!

I blinked, and my- eye/sense/vision snapped forwards. The world was splitting apart into a thousand colorful facets and each contour had become a thick, black horizon that trembled and shook in the rhythm of the incessant anthem ringing in my ears. I felt- It was hard to feel - pressure at all sides, tumbling perception and a vanishing sense of—

Psionic Resistance leveled up!

I was on my knees and my head felt like it would pop, I couldn't hear anything apart from the damn ringing, and my damn eyes wouldn't focus on what was in front of me- A figure loomed over, its trembling shape hard to make out, but it set up alarms flaring inside my aching mind. Two appendices – limbs? Spread apart and something deadly sprouted from them.

Pure instinct took over.

From the moment of its creation I knew my chainsaw bat spell would be my go-to for when I wanted to utterly fuck someone up. Yet, at the same time, I knew this would be impossible. The thing was just too costly to use, fifteen seconds was enough to deplete my entire Mana bar, and with how reliant I am to my Mana Bolts when chips were down this would've been a death sentence. Short bursts were one way to mitigate this, but with the focus and control required it was still hard to use against opponents that demanded my all.

Luckily, I knew almost intuitively why it was this expensive; the spell was incomplete – or was badly made? – The main issue has to do with the fact I couldn't perfectly integrate the concept of an 'edge' in the round surface of a baseball bat. It was my fault as I failed to see how it could work on a fundamental level or failed to convince myself how it could work, so it required more mana to force it to work, as a means of throwing magic at the problem till it solves it.

That was what I was able to get from my experiments with it

One possible solution to this conundrum, I'd realized, was to sideway that problem altogether; a way that I could see a baseball bat having edges.

After all, baseball bats might not have a long, cutting edge like a sword, but they do serve as pretty good support for rotating saws.

The line of small Mana blades appeared sideways in my bat's metallic surface, sprouting across the entire length while starting to move at vicious, grinding speeds. It wasn't capable of cutting anymore, but it could still rip someone in half in its own messy way.

And for half the price too.

My bat came up just as the figure's- the demon's attack came down. My swing was pathetic; weak, clumsy and with horrible grip strength, but the demon still redirected its attack from my neck to my bat to keep it from tearing its chest open in the most painful way possible.

Hard learned lessons had me tightening my grip as I felt my weapon being brought harshly downwards and— and then, suddenly, the overwhelming pressure wrapped around my head disappeared, and the world snapped back into place. I was left blinking at the uncomfortably close face of the frog demon.

We both looked down to where his wrist blades were pinning my saw bat, the rotating mana blades steadily digging through the floor with a loud grinding sound.

Right at the center of the magical formation glowing here.

"Oh, Crap—" I heard the demon rasps out before the world turned to white.

Is it worrying that being in the heart of an explosion felt almost comfortingly familiar to me? The phosphoric flash burning through my retinas, the sudden feeling of weightlessness while being tossed around in an almost physical tunnel of kinetic energy, the thuds and crashed as my body hit whatever was in the area, the pain... that was actually quite bearable, compared to before.

All and all, I was more annoyed than alarmed as I fell down farther than I expected, my body crashing loudly onto what could only be debris, while piles of the stuff showered over me from above.

By the time everything finally stopped, I was near completely enclosed in a cocoon of wreckage, little shafts of lights barely reaching my vision.

A quick check of my life bar showed that I'd barely lost a third of my total Hp, so the early psionic attack – a fucking psionic attack can you fucking believe it!? – was either mostly for show, or, more likely, geared towards incapacitation rather than dealing damage. My head still ached a bit, but that was probably just a lingering after-effect.

With only slightly more effort than normal, I moved my arms across the solid prison, producing some earsplitting and grinding noises as I wiped the layer of debris from myself in the same manner someone might throw their covers off their bodies after waking up. With two more wipes to get everything off and try to clear up some of the dirt, I got to my feet, pulled up my baseball ball with me, and rested it on my shoulders.

... Well, we didn't collapse the entire house, just part of it. Toppled the second floor over the first floor, on one of the living rooms, I reckon. Piles of debris covered what had once been a sizable lounge/entertainment area, thick clouds of dust dotted the surrounded the area, and above, in the space between the floors, snapped electrical wires noisily sparkled with energy while ruined pipes splashed a constant stream of tampered water, thankfully none close enough to reach us.

Frankly, it was about time for something like this to happen, given the reckless attacks I've been dishing out, in fact, this whole house should have come down long ago. But for some reason only part of it did, and from what I could see the outside structure still appears to be intact... even though this place's been the site of a frenetic superhuman battle for several long minutes.

Ah hell, I wouldn't be surprised if the walls were absorbing the energy to power up traps or something like that, considering it only collapsed after I broke that glowing magical circle.

"Oi, Ranma, you alive!?" I called out, sweeping my eyes across the area to search for any signs of the demon. It was clear to me by now that it was a lot less sturdy than us, but if there was no body it wasn't dead.

Some wreckage rumbled and shook close by, and from it, the buxom torso of my favorite red-hair emerged. She was clutching her head.

"Uhggggg! What the fuck was that!?"

She actually said 'fuck' in perfect English, I'm so proud. "Mental attack."

"Mental att- how does that even work!?"

"Why are you asking me? Ask the frog!"

"Can't, I'm killin' it when I find it!" She pulled herself off the pile and stood a bit behind me, watching the opposite direction for threats. The only signs of damage she had accumulated in this entire chase were ruffled clothes and a nosebleed, so about the same as me. "Where the heck is it anyway!?"

"I dunno," I admitted, something that wasn't helping with my growing anxiety, the room was big, but it wasn't that big. "Maybe it's beneath this wreck?"

"Then let's set it on fire!"

Heh, Ranma says the sweetest things when she's a girl.

"Yuka." Ranma then suddenly mumbled. It was so random that it took a moment for me to get what she meant.

"Y-You... guys..."

The waitress was leaning heavily against the doorframe just outside the mess we made. She was breathing heavy, her body trying to curl in over itself while her knees visibly wobbled underneath her. Her whole face was practically glowing with a pink blush that almost seems to spill out to her neck and cleavage.

And she was absolutely drenched with the waters of the fire suppression system.

Fuck! I was already taking steps towards her but stopped when she flinched back, her eyes trailing over my body like mine do to Rin when she's wearing her taimanin uniform.

I tried to find words. "F... I told you to leave the house!"

She shot me a glare but shied away when that only made her blush even harder. "... Couldn't open the doors or windows." She muttered.

W- Crap, it might have been magically sealed. I hadn't considered that possibility.

"Is she dyin'?" Ranma questioned from behind me and Yuka blinked owlishly at my friend's female form.

"Who..."

I turned to the red-hair, feeling a bit perplexed. "No she isn't, what makes you say that!?"

Ranma made a face. "You said the water was poisoned!"

"We got some on us too. Do you feel like you're dying?"

Ah, it seems that pointing this out was a bit of a mistake. Saying that out loud made me remember that yeah, we did get some of the water on us too. It instantly made my body feel warm all around. But Ranma?

She nearly stumbled to the floor, a blush exploding across her cheeks while two attractive impressions popped up in her shirt. It was hard not to look.

Great, now I got two horny girls and a hentai demon not confirmed dead. Can this get any—

...

I didn't say it.

I didn't even think about it.

"AHHHHHHHH~!"

I didn't say it god damn it!

The sound, worryingly enough, came from the room where Yuka had come from. Without time to consider the possibility, I barged into it, expecting anything from demon reinforcement to a rogue tadpole minion that has matured into another demon frog.

What I found was Shiratori Makiko enacting an iconic hentai scene. Her naked form was being held in the air by coils of tentacles, the slimy appendices wrapped around her limbs and breasts while the tips below piston in and out of her holes at a frenetic, hungry pace. Her face was twisted into a mindless tapestry of ecstasy and the noises she let out before she was muffled by another invading tentacle would haunt me in the future for many conflicting reasons.

Under her, standing in the center of the room and being practically showered by her womanly fluids was the same damn demon frog that had somehow slipped past us and got into this room.

He was also holding a crystal-like object close to its face, muttering into it.

The graphic scene had paralyzed Ranma, but I wasted no time leaping to action with my bat raised. Only to almost end up face-first into a pair of huge, pillowing breasts as Shiratori-obasan was suddenly there. The older woman seems to delight herself with my close presence and began to frantically grind her wide hips against the tentacles fucking her. I tried moving to the side to attack from another direction but the woman was jerked towards me, blocking my path.

The bastard was using her as a human shield.

"Oi Ranma snap out of it, I need you for a pincer attack!" I yelled out.

At the same time, the demon also yelled out the end of what I figured was a magic incitation and then drove the crystal-like object into the floor.

Sh—

A freaking hole suddenly open up beneath me and I was swallowed by darkness.

-0-0-0-​

I wish I could wax poetic about my staying in the dark. Talk about how I was suspended there for what felt like ages, my attacks trying and failing to produce any meaningful effect, leaving me no choice but to reflect on my every action and decision until I went through some kind of magical epiphany that allowed me to masterfully subvert whatever this spell was from the inside and break free from this prison.

But that was not what happened, what happened was that I spent one second in utter darkness, then I saw a crack of light, and then before I could even process anything, I was out.

I blinked at the dark, metallic ceiling occasionally being lit up by distant flashes of brightness. A moment of disorientation hit me like a truck as my brain caught up with the last short series of events.

Then I leaped to my feet, my heart hammering in my chest.

Alright, not restrained, so far so good, baseball bat in my hands, more good news, but rather than a partially destroyed house, my surroundings appeared to be a dark, metallic room that spread for a long distance with was something flashing brightly at the end of it. My eyes struggled to adjust, in fact, my every sense seemed slow to respond like I had just faced an explosion at point-blank range, and my head needed time to realign itself.

"About damn time!"

Noises, several of them, finally broke to the muffled aftereffects of whatever happened to me, including a familiar voice that had me whirling around.

"Ranma?"

She looked exhausted. Sweat pouring over her whole body, legs shaking under her, bare breasts jiggling mightily over the rapid intakes of breath. Her scowling pink face made for a striking image against the flashes of light, which now I noticed were accompanied by loud crashes and explosive booms. She still had her pants something that brought be no small amount of relief, but still.

She threw away the fragments of the crystal-like object I saw the demon holding and my mind clicked together.

"How long I was out?" I asked quickly.

"Few minutes. Bastard collapsed the ground under us!"

A gargling sound drew my attention to Shiratori Azusa who was lying close by, looking mildly catatonic. I felt a bit bad for the girls and the utter havoc we caused in her life but I couldn't afford to get distracted now, so I just took a note of her lack of injury and clothed state before shifting my focus back to more important stuff.

Like the literal flashes of the battle ahead of me.

"Can you fight?" I asked Ranma.

"Who do you think you're talkin' to!?" She snapped, and then almost collapsed to the floor.

I finally noticed the marks all over her arms and shoulders, a few even stretching to her breasts. Long, thick, angry marks dotted with injection points, some still dripping with thin lines of blood. I realized then that the current state of her body wasn't because of exhaustion.

Something dark bubbled inside my chest.

"Stand back, protect Azusa, I'm ending this."

"Screw that! I'm finishing that thing off with my own damn—"

My hand shot up to her shoulder to steady her faltering step. The touch was enough to make her whole upper body flinch and she was barely able to muffle the needy, feminine moan that came barging from her throat.

I said nothing as she sunk to one knee and ignored the frustrated tearful sounds and heavy panting. It wasn't something that should be acknowledged. I just tightened my grip and stepped into the fight.

Though calling it a 'fight' was somewhat of an overstatement.

Takeuchi Yuka was brutality given form. She moved the same neat, efficient kata I saw on her using in her fight against Ranma but now they were executed with a weight behind them, a pressuring intent that even I who was not the target of it could feel. I also noticed that even though she used the same moves, they now led up to something, which was definitely not something I caught on the last time.

And that something was a finishing move; a powerful straight punch, a decisive kick, a piercing elbow strike, moves that normally wouldn't be special.

If they didn't produce bright manifestations of Ki and fire.

"KIKODAN!"

A cone of flames blasted through the small army of tadpoles minions around her, the immense heat leaving the metallic walls of what I could now see was a fully-equipped sex dungeon bright and soft. Oddly enough, the flames appear to produce very little smoke for something of their size and didn't seem to consume that much oxygen, otherwise, I would've noticed the difference as I got closer. They also seem to cling to anything regardless of if they should, from the body of the little demons to the metallic instrument of sexual torture around the area.

The frog demon itself was standing back, content to manage his minion army and try to overwhelm Yuka with numbers. It only moved around when the flames got too close, or if the defensive line of minions surrounding him died too much.

But it wasn't nearly as fast as before, considering I managed to hit it with a punishing Mana Bolt without even trying.

It's on its last legs. All there is to do now is finish it.

"Good work," I said as I jumped over the lingering flames and landed on Yuka's side. "You really saved our asses, I'm sorry that—"

It was only my textbook familiarity with Karate that allowed me to dodge the punch that would have pulverized my head.

"What the fuck!" Her next blow harshly dislocated my right shoulder in the effort it took for me to block. It was too damn fast to dodge.

Letting her follow that up would be suicide, so I forced my shoulder back into place – biting down the yelp of pain in the process – quickly grabbed her wrist and stepped into her guard. I tried to suppress her movements but she easily slip out from my hold, grabbed the collar of my shirt, wiped my legs from under me, and brought me to the ground.

The violent slam forcibly expelled the air from my lungs, but before I react a weight dropped down my hips and I was suddenly face-to-face to a brightly blushing Yuka her hazy, reddish-brown eyes gazing down with open intent.

Oh, fuck- was all I managed to think before she forced her lips onto mine.

Now, you'd think that given that current, high-stress situation, this would have done nothing to me. I'll be the first time admit I'm a very perverted guy, but I take pride in my ability to push that to the side when it isn't appropriate, like, for example, in the middle of a fight against a hentai demon inside a half-melted sex dungeon.

Yet Yuka's lips sent bolts of lighting across my body and nearly made me ruin my pants.

The kiss we shared couldn't be described as anything less than animalistic; I wasn't pretty or particularly romantic, just a wild, messy dance of tongue of two people trying to suck the breath from each other. I was suddenly very, very aware of the firm yet voluptuous body in torn clothes wiggling on top of me. And the way she ground down her hips over the outline of my manhood almost made my eyes roll back to the back of my head.

Poison Resistance leveled up!

Shit... the drug... her saliva...

It took a titanic almost of effort and god knows how long for me to manage to curl my fingers into a fist and deliver a vicious strike directly on her ribs. She immediately flinched back, her breath stolen from her in a completely different way. I used this opportunity to twist my body and limbs under her, putting me in the perfect position for a technique that could not exist in my old world, because it relied heavily on the superhuman strength of the martial artists of this one.

Anything Goes style: Jigoku Gurama!

This was supposed to be used as a standing grapple but worked just as well against opponents pinning you down. Extending my limbs just fast enough at the right angle, I send Yuka spinning wildly into the air and away from me. Sparing no time to celebrate the execution of my first real martial art technique, I pivoted around, picked up my fallen bat, and launched myself to my feet already running.

Where before, this window of opportunity would have seen the demon disappearing from sight, this time around the creature was simply too injured to react, so it unsheathed its wrist blades and braced itself for a direct engagement. Only for me to change my trajectory midway and dive further into the room.

Why? Because I was fucking tired of this slippery fucker throwing curveballs at us, and because I managed to catch the glimpse of Shiratori-obasan doing something distinctly glowy in the background. Given the fact that the demon was making a stand on this area and not bouncing away to the closest exit, it was clear to me that it did not want us to reach her. So that's exactly what I going to do.

Sure enough, Shiratori-obasan was bending over – quite lewdly I might add – a glowing magical circle adding scripts and lines to it with her blood and other fluid while muttering an incantation. My first reaction to the sight was to shoot a banishing mana bolt at her and increase my pace.

But of course, a green blur bounced around the walls with speeds that could only come from desperation and took the bolt instead. The demon was catapulted backward with nearly as much speed, passing right over the naked woman doing mystic stuff and hitting the dead end ahead. There, immediately braced his feet against it and leaped back in the direction it came. Flying directly towards me.

Eight tentacles blooming on its back sprouted blades of bones as they shot forwards, I promptly answered the challenge with sawed baseball bat grinding ominously, and we finally meet in a meaty crash.

"G-Grah!" The demon opened its disgusting frogmouth to vomit what almost seemed like a liter of blood. I just adjusted my grip and forced more of my bat and rotating mana blades into its guts. As for its own attacks, the ones that did not miss simply bounced off my skin with swallow cuts. "H-How!?"

I shot a small banishing Mana Bolt to the ground from the sole of my feet, accelerating forwards in the last seconds. The trick got me into its guard and away from the range of most of its attacks.

Not that I would tell it that.

"Just die already," I growled, twisting my grip around.

Just as I was about to literally rip the odious creature in two, its bloody tongue came flying off its open mouth and hit me in the stomach in a heavy strike. I grunted and stumbled back, pulling my bat out of the large hole on the demon's guts, which immediately started pouring out.

So it chose a slightly longer death rather than a quick one- Nope, it doesn't get to choose.

My next swing was blocked by a mass of tentacles, which instantly disintegrated into bloody ribbons. This got the demon a second that it used that to jump back and create some space.

A Mana Bolt then obliterated its hastily raised arms and threw it back even further. The second Mana Bolt was just about to hit when it jumped back again.

The third Mana Bolt... exploded harmlessly against a blue force shield.

"Oh, you got to be kidding me!"

The demon had jumped back enough to fall into the magic circle Shiratori-obasan was preparing, which now had a blue dome forming around it.

The entire dome shook violently as my furious swings crashed on its surfaces one after the other. Screaming in frustration, I brought down a last swing carrying all my strength behind it, and keep putting on pressure. Arcane sparks flew off from the meeting of force shield and mana blades but the damned thing held on.

Throughout all of that, I could see the demon looking at me. Armless, guts spilling out, an expansive collection of bruises and injuries marking its skin... it still had the galls to look smug.

"You don't know when to quit, eh, kid?" It said, and then it was gone, along with the light of the circle and the dome around it.

Without resistance against the force, my bat fell down right in the center of it, causing a large spiderweb of cracks to spread all over the formation.

Silence was all there was left. Silence... fire crackling behind me... the dying shrieks of the remaining tadpoles being burned alive... A naked, violated woman crying profusely at my feet while trying to claw at the remains of the magic circle...

It got away.

The demon got away.

Fuck.

Quest completed!
+ 5.000 exp.
Your closeness with the Taimanin Corps has increased.
Your closeness with the History Compilation Committee has increased.
Your closeness with Shiratori Asuza has increased.
Your closeness with Shiratori Makiko has decreased.
Your closeness with the NOMAD organization has vastly decreased.

-0-0-0-​

In the night Cardian Minon attacked the Temple of Heavenly Oni – in what feels like an eternity ago – I believed I had seen everything the temple had to offer in their desperate fight to protect little Ena. I was wrong.

The team Shiori sent when I called for her help looked like their version of Black Ops. Men and women wearing uniforms of similar aesthetic to Shinto priests/miko's but predominantly black with embroidered talismans and Kyūjitai – an ancient form of Kanji – that tingled my supernatural senses. Each member was wearing a veil that completely obscured his or her face, and a tall, elaborated headpiece.

They didn't speak much and moved with military precision and coordination, gathering only the basics before setting off to work. The weakest of them or at least the only one whose level I was able to see was 75.

The first thing they did – after breaking us out of the house – was setting up a perimeter that had more than a few mystical aspects to it, considering the small bonfires, local food offerings, and the mantra signing. Then, a few of them broke off to scout the neighborhood to make sure there weren't any more threats, and, I suspected, to alter the memory of any 'muggle' that happened to see some interesting sights.

Ironically, the spell that had trapped us actually made their job easier on that front, as it kept the outer layer of the house intact even while it was collapsing on the inside, and also prevented any sounds or visuals from getting out of the containment. So their sweep was mostly symbolic and preventive.

To my surprise, however, the next-door neighbor not only managed to resist their influence but also got out of his house and started to stride towards the perimeter. Granted, he didn't get very far; one moment he was making his way toward us, the next he was fast asleep and being gently picked up by one of the Temple's people, but it was still impressive.

Later I would find out that he was actually Azusa's skating partner and a martial artist himself, a Mikado-something.

As for the rest of the team, they stayed behind to... deal with the detox.

... I think, of all that I faced from the demon tonight, all the trickery, all the harassment tactics, the slipperiness, its tendency of pulling the rug from under us and capitalize from our every mistake, nothing drove home the true terror of a Taimanin demon like seeing their aphrodisiac drugs in full effects.

Without an enemy to focus, or a fight to keep the adrenaline up, the drug in our system started acting up hard. I was barely able to hold myself together while the world dissolved into a bright pink haze and my body was actively becoming more resistant to the drugs the more affected I was getting. The others hadn't stood a chance.

I can still see it now, Yuka panting like a beast, tearing her clothes off and latching on to anyone and anything that got close, Azusa waking up from her stupor with a startling scream and immediately driving all of her fingers inside herself, Shiratori-obasan turning mad with lust and grief to the point of frothing at the mouth, and Ranma... I don't want to talk about Ranma.

Should have thrown warm water on him, I could see that now, it would have made it easier. But at that point, I was only sane enough to keep things from devolving to a place we could never come back from and had barely managed to keep it together enough to the call for help.

This... This is why veteran taimanin gets captured all the time. No matter how powerful they are, or how many armies of demons they can butcher. They only need to slip up once.

I sighed, leaning back against the shitty outdoor bench while rubbing my temples. My body had basically sorted the poison by itself once I had the opportunity to truly wind down so I didn't need treatment, but back in the house, the others are still going through the emergency rituals to burn off the worst of the poison. At least the screams, cursing, and wanton moaning had finally stopped.

What a fucking mess.

The sound of high-heels echoed through the porch before someone joined me on the bench.

"... Thirty-eight." Shiori began after a full minute of silence. "That's the usual number of people that get introduced to the supernatural side of the world each year. From magical bloodlines waking up, cursed or blessed objects bonding to someone's soul, ancient spirits possessing their modern reincarnations, completely random manifestations of mythical powers... all cases where a previously mundane individual might be dragged into our world." She paused, letting the words sink in. "Most of them die the first time facing demons."

I closed my eyes, the fingers of my free hand curling.

"What were you doing here, Ōe-kun?" She got to the point.

This time I was the one that extended the silence, trying to find some excuse, some reason. In the end, I was too exhausted to care.

"I was following a lead for a possible Cardian attack."

Heh, now that I think about it I never specified the kind of monster I was looking for, didn't I? Good one squirrel, you little bastard.

I felt, more than saw Shiori's posture stiffening in place as she suddenly turn her full attention towards me.

"You know that name?"

"So do you, apparently." I trailed off, a bit more defensive.

Shiori placed a hand on her chin as she thought, a gesture that fitted well with the formal ensemble she decided to wear. "Of course, there was an incident in Nerima." She spoke in a low tone. "So you came here believing you'd find a Cardian, but you found a demon instead." The reproach in her voice struck deep in my nerves.

I bristled. "What the hell was I supposed to do? Sit on my thumbs and wait for the next time a monster starts hurting people?!"

"You could have trusted that there were people on the case."

That made me scoff. Really?

"Oh sure, leave it all on the hands of some nebulous people that I've never seen before and watch was innocent die while they mysteriously do nothing!"

"They went after my daughter, Ōe-san." Shiori didn't raise her voice, she didn't move or react in any way to my outburst, she just kept looking at me. I felt a shiver descending down my spine. "Do you truly believe there would be no answer?"

I shifted under her gaze, opening and closing my hands. I wanted to say that I have seen no indication of that, but this felt... entitled, somehow, I mean, who am I to question if she's doing something about this monster outbreak or not? I certainly don't answer to her or have even tried to share what information I have about it.

After a few more seconds under the intense gaze, Shiori sighed, her shoulders slouching just a bit.

"There is an investigation. I cannot share many details, but apart from the two you'd witnessed there had been three more Cardian attacks. They were all dealt with no causalities and minimal damage. We are making progress, Ōe-kun so—"

"So stop putting yourself in danger for no reason, you stupid kid." I finished for her.

It's ironic, all that time worrying, investigating, trying to get stronger, basically acting like the world somehow needed me to take charge and sort things out, turns out there were other more qualified people to deal with it. I didn't even entertain this possibility. What kind of shitty protagonist mindset is this!? Where do I get off thinking the world revolves around me?

"That was not what I was going to say."

"Why not?" I finally took my hand out of my face and let out a burst of wry laughter. "I know I fucked up tonight; I panicked, I was too hasty, too narrow-minded. I should have stopped and actually plan things out rather than thrown myself into a danger half-blinded. That damn demon was one step ahead of us the entire fight; we only prevail by sheer bullheadedness and luck. God, so many things could have gone wrong."

I settled back against the bench. "And now I know didn't even have to be here in the first place. I made my friends go through... that, for nothing."

"I suppose you are capable of acting as your age." The Miko commented with a quiet hum and shook her head. "Is the rescue of Shiratori Azusa and... Shiratori Makiko not good enough reasons, then?"

Ah-

Shit, that really threw me off.

"In cases like this." She went on. "When a demon invades a family unit, they usually don't get discovered until it's too late, if at all. Given the unused state of the... dungeon beneath the house and the lack of trances in the surrounding houses, I'd say you intervened right at the start of whatever he was planning for this place. Analysis is still underway, of course, but it is clear to me that your actions tonight might as well have saved this whole neighborhood... perhaps even more considering the unfinished summoning circle in the basement."

My mind conjured images of the last moments of the fight; the demon hiding behind a magical dome before disappearing.

Summoning circle, huh? It looked more like it was summoning itself to somewhere else, which didn't make sense. But then again, maybe that's why it had Shiratori-obasan working on it; she must have changed its use at the last minute.

I noticed I couldn't help but smile slightly. The speech actually managed to raise my spirits a little bit.

"Shouldn't you be trying to point how reckless I was as if to scare me from doing this again but actually wanting me to learn from my mistakes and do better next time?" I chuckled softly.

The Miko let out a disgruntled sigh. "And there you go acting too mature again. Ah, you take the whole fun out of it, Ōe-kun."

With the air between us successfully lightened, the older woman began fishing through her breast pocket. I swear to god the formal suit actually put a brave attempt at giving her a conservative figure but it failed so nicely.

"There you go." She said presenting me a business card between her fingers.

"What is this?" I asked, looking it up and down. It wasn't hers that for sure, in fact, I doubt it was from any Japanese person, it was too bare bone, and not like, charmingly simply, just plain lacking, it just had a number, address and the initials L.Z, no sense of style, or professionalism, favoring function, yes, but displaying no soul whatsoever...

Man, the Japanese part of my brain goes on weird tangents sometimes.

"What you've asked me for on our last meeting." She cleaned her throat. "This woman is a bit of a pain to work with, but there isn't anyone better for the job... at least if you want to keep your independence."

It took a few moments for the shoe to drop.

"A magic teacher. You got me a magic teacher!" Shiori smirked; apparently, my flabbergasted expression was just what she wanted to see.

"She's a pretty big shot too, you know, and practitioner of the western style, which I noticed you tend to favor. Honestly, you're extremely lucky she's currently staying in Japan, it would be impossible to find her otherwise." The Milf Miko proudly wore the smug face of someone ten years her younger. I could practically hear her going 'praise me praise me!' In her head. "Ah. But actually earning an apprenticeship is up to you; I only got you a meeting."

"That's more than enough." Honestly, I'd be happy if she got me a third-rate stage magician if they could introduce me to the arcane. I'm tired of bumbling around and relying mostly on guts and gamer powers. This fight, especially, showed me I couldn't afford that anymore. "I-Thank you, for going the extra mile for this."

A slender hand gently bounced over my gelled locks

"Anything for my Ena's savior," Shiori said, warmingly.

"Do not pet a delinquent's hairdo, woman, I'm pretty sure that's indecent."

"Oh my~."

Shiori had to leave not long after that. Apparently, this was a busy night for her and the History Compilation Committee... This all but confirmed the hidden underlayer of this operation. Everything, from the response time, the black ops team, the huge perimeter, the rituals and spells that even now were still being cast, all told me there was something more going on beneath the eye. But whatever it was, Shiori hadn't seen fit to share with me.

This... doesn't surprise me. Considering my metaknowledge about demons and their many connections and backers, I couldn't help but wonder how many plans and conspiracies got unraveled tonight because a group of overpowered teenagers just happened to stumble upon a NOMAD operation and take out the demon leading it even beyond that. And beyond that with how demons are portrayed and what they usually do to their victims in the game, I can see the Committee taking the presence of one very seriously.

Plus there was the whole affair with Makiko and her Fallen Hime-Miko title. Shiori didn't show any reaction to it, or give any indication that she knew... but I highly doubt that she doesn't. As for me, I didn't have a good reason to know about this information, so I kept my mouth shut.

We were swapping secrets, Shiori and I, revealing some while keeping more hidden, this was how it always been between us.

A set of ambulances quietly appeared down the street. A good sign, it meant my companion's treatment finally exited the more esoteric, state and they could now be transferred over to something more mundane. But it was a sobering reminder of their state, of this whole mess.

... Your actions tonight might as well have saved this whole neighborhood; I suppose I could take comfort in that.



A/N: To address a possible future point discussion, the 'why this guy got away when Hiroshi and Ranma had dealt with stronger opponents before?' well, I wanted to showcase that there are different kinds of enemies. This one in particular relies on tricks and traps rather than direct combat ability, which is a type of opponent they never faced before. It wasn't a matter of overpowering it, it was a matter of surviving/avoiding its tricks. If it was a battle of direct combat poweress the demon would have losed badly, even to Hiroshi who was more than 10 levels beneath it.

Plus it was a NOMAD operative. These fuckers made a art of taking down opponents league stronger than themselves.

Now onto good news, there should be lewds next chapter, ifIdon'tendupbreakingitinpartsthatis but LEWDS!

That's all.
Last edited: Jan 4, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,320 others
Adudefromthesea
Dec 25, 2021
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Jan 6, 2022
Add bookmark
#11,402
Bitch was getting too big, so I broke it in two.



Chapter 16 part 1








I never liked hospitals; I don't think anybody really does. Sure, people can feel an affinity to the place, or like some particular aspect of it, but I think everyone at some point in their lives inevitably develops at least some level of distaste towards it, too many bad memories.

My dislike has grown into outright hate now that I'm dealing with anime hospitals. Initially, they have a very big plus in the form of the impractical but sexy-as-hell uniform every nurse was wearing, and the female doctors wearing open labcoats with vast cleavages were a very nice bonus. But this does not change the fact that hospitals are the place where people are hurting, where they desperately need help.

If a leisure stroll through the streets of Nerima gets me a surprising number of quests, a brief walk through the corridors of a hospital completely blocked off my vision with layers upon layers upon more layers of quest notifications. From the banalest stuff like helping a doctor find his lost stethoscope to the real, heart-wrenching stuff like helping an old lady find peace in her very last moments.

And it wasn't just the quests; the place was making my Spiritual Senses skill go haywire. It was almost like being inside an Illusion Barrier but instead of feeling one overwhelming entity all around me thus producing a constant, unified hum that could easily be ignored, there were hundreds of little 'pings' and 'tingles' that continuously pulled my senses in every direction imaginable, making it really hard to concentrate.

Plus, there were freaking ghosts! Or at least, 'blurred figures that appear at the corner of my vision but always disappear when I try to focus on them'. I'mma call them ghosts until I see one proper.

Coming here by myself on any other day would be an exercise in frustration, but today, all these distractions and impediments were easily swept aside in favor of something more important.

"You know, just because you're under observation doesn't mean you can simply wander off. There's a team of nurses looking for you and I'm pretty sure they want your head by now."

In line with every protagonist in the history of anime, Saotome Ranma gravitated towards the roof, I found him sitting over the shed-like construction that housed the roof entrance – no idea what they are called – looking over the wider Nerima skyline, and considering that Hikarigaoka Hospital towers over most of the other building in the area, he could see practically everything.

With a casual push of my right leg, I propelled myself over the roof access to join him on the tallest point. A flip of my wrist sent a freshly baked curry bread flying in his direction, which he promptly caught without even looking.

"Something to ward off the tasteless grub they give here," I said.

He... didn't immediately wolf down the bread, he just brought it to his lap and just... held it with his two hands. I think this is the longest I've ever seen Ranma holding food without eating.

"Your family's here, your father and the Tendos, I mean. I'm pretty sure they're half the reason why the nurses are so annoyed." I continued. "Akane had… some choice words to say to me." Her distress was clear to see, even through the shouting.

Still no reaction.

"Haruka's been here early but you were sleeping." I tried again. "Yuka still hasn't woken up… There is a friend of hers in the room, I had to tell her what happened, it was awkward… Hm, Azusa and Shiratori-obasan were taken to another hospital…"

Nothing.

I sighed, turned back, and sat down facing the opposite direction, our backs not quite touching. Figure the guy didn't need me watching his every move, he was tense enough as it is.

Silence stretched between us, broken only by the symphony of the early morning, the rustling of the wind, the chirping of the passing birds, the quiet urban noises rumbling beneath and around us. I focused on that as I tried to work on what to say.

'I'm sorry' feels cheap, disingenuous, and it doesn't really fit because this whole situation wasn't really my fault, no matter what I feel like. 'It will get better', 'hang in there', and 'It wasn't a big deal' are even worse. In the end, I couldn't formulate anything meaningful or deep and decided to just go with what felt natural.

"What can I do for you, Ranma?"

There were a few more beats of tense silence before I felt his attention turn to me.

"… Tell me everything. What am I missing?"

Tilting my head up to look up at the clear sky, I pulled a long breath and let it out slowly. "Ok, I'd felt that there was something wrong from the moment I stepped inside the house, and when that guy arrived… I told you a bit about how my powers work right? that I can superficially appraise someone with a glance. Yeah, about that, I found out he was a demon with a single glance…"

From here, I retold the entire story to Ranma, everything that had happened from my perspective. Every action I took, every conclusion I made, the background information I had that helped me reach these conclusions, my feelings and emotions at the time, the panic the demon's sudden appearance caused me, my fuck ups during the fight. I spared him no details and left nothing hidden. It was all I could do to help give him some peace.

"NOMAD?" Ranma muttered under his breath after I finished, not low enough for me not to hear.

I gave a brief nod that went unseen. "I know about them from Rin. They're the main enemy of the Taimanin corps or something like that. A secret organization run by demons involved in all sorts of carnal crimes; kidnapping, prostitution, and so on… Shiratori-obasan was one of their victims."

"… So, you wouldn't leave it alone even if frogface hadn't turned up," Ranma concluded.

"No, I wouldn't… I couldn't."

There wasn't any other answer.

"Good."

It never ceases to amaze me how much weeks of intense anime martial art has honed my senses. With my earing alone I could practically picture Ranma shaking off his shoulder and relaxing his body. His back finally touched mine.

I ignored the way he shivered and tensed again, at least he didn't back off.

"… I'm going to take them down."

It was so sudden that it took a moment for me to process the declaration. A rueful smile crossed my lips.

"A secret organization backed by an army of demons, that an entire ninja corps' been warring against for generations. You're gonna take them down?"

"Yeah."

It was a simple response… but there was something dark in there, darker than anything Ranma had ever displayed. And I completely understand his response, considering what happened to him.

Ranma's curse was still a fairly recent development in his life. He's annoyed by it, he's certainly uncomfortable with it, and he's still learning to deal with it. Because of his personality, he could take a lot of what it brought in stride, particularly if he focus on concrete actions and objectives; he wouldn't care if he turned into a girl in the middle of a fight, for example, because he'd care more about winning the fight, but it was clear that, beyond some natural, superficial curiosity, he didn't like to sit down and ruminate about having a female body, he only just started to get comfortable and confident enough to even attempt to do that, as it showed in our last talk.

But NOMAD's drugs, the demon's groping tentacles, forced him to deal with a very intimate aspect of being a girl, aspects that he was a hundred percent not comfortable with. I can't even imagine what it's like for a guy with his beliefs and upbringing to suddenly be locked in the body of a hyper horny teenager girl, the drugs of a genuine rape demon slowly eroding your mind, forcing thoughts and emotions that someone only gets when you're too turned on to think properly… the only comfort I have was the fact that the demon hadn't been able to go all the way, I don't even what to think about the effect this would have on him.

"I see," I said, finally. There wasn't really any use in dwelling on that. "You can count on me for backup."

Again, there wasn't any other answer.

-0-0-0-​

"Senpai!" Haruka gasped when she saw me standing by her door. "What happened!?"

"Hoh, it's been a while since I've seen you in your school uniform, you look good, kohai." I made a show of checking her over.

"Senpai!"

"Right, right, sorry." I kept my smile as I raised a placating hand. "I'll explain while we walk."

We didn't really have a direction in mind but so we just followed our jogging route. Along the way, I once again relay my perspective of the events of the previous night, finishing, by a happy coincidence, just as we reach one of the many small, neighborly parks that dotted the area.

"A real demon," Haruka muttered to herself from her place on the wooden bench. She absentmindedly clutched the melon bread I'd given her. "It sounds unbelievable, but Ranma-senpai can change genders and that tiger monster..." She shook her head and looked at me. "You said Ranma-senpai woke up, I should—"

"Don't bother." I chuckled. After I got Ranma out of the roof, there was a touching scene with a tearful Akane which I respectfully stayed out of, but then. "He got into this over-the-top fight with his father, it escalated until the head nurse burst inside the room, kicked us all out, and revoked his visiting privileges. Just wait till he gets out tomorrow to talk to him, he won't mind."

"Oh." The girl leaned back into the bench and looked at the ambrosia in her hands. "Well, I'm glad he's alright."

I nodded, respectfully offering money to the vending machine on the side to get a random drink. Alright, here we go. "Actually, hm, Haruka, I could use your help with something."

The girl blinked, her mouth still adorably biting on the melon-shaped treat. She quickly swallowed to get back her cool image. "G-Guk.— Sure, senpai, what do you need?"

"I need to find my gang of delinquents; do you know where they are?"

The girl blinked slowly as she considered what I asked.

"You need to… and you came to me for that!?"

Aha, I came prepared for this exact response.

"Look at this from my perspective." I raised a finger. "Second time we met, delinquents. You, me, and Ranma hang out, delinquents. We go out jogging across the neighborhood, delinquents. I go on a quick trip to the edge of the Ward, I come back to find you with delinquents. Sooo..."

The girl, who was getting progressively paler as I went along, was openly gaping by the end.

"What- You mean- You think I attract them!? That's absurd!!" She paused and then looked at me, I mean, really looked at me. "… Oh no."

I patted her on the shoulder.

"If it helps, I didn't consider myself a delinquent until I met you."

"That does not help at all!"

Turns out Haruka did know where they are ("See!" I said, "Shut up!" She responded), and she did have a good reason for it too. My gang had apparently decided to claim a vacant lot a few blocks down her house as their headquarters/primary hang-out spot, so she bumps into them practically every day when she walks home.

Of course, this being Nerima, our relatively short walk toward the place didn't go without incident.

Should I name this phenomenon? God knows it happens often enough. I should call it 'Nerima Factor' or something.

The wild delinquent that popped off from around the corner not even a block away from the place tripped over his own feet and fell face-first into the dirt. When he raised his head and saw me and Haruka, I swear it was like watching a devout catholic seeing the messiah reborn.

"ANIKI!" He cried out in adoration.

I sighed. "What is it?" Heh, I almost added 'my child' at the end.

"T-T-The Cobalt Lord is attacking!"

Who?

"Delinquent scum! How dare you pollute my family's ancestral lands with your presence! I shall punish you all!"

Oh, it's Kuno.

"Ohohohohoho! Not so fast brother mine! I have witnessed these men's will and morals with my own eyes and have judged them worthy!"

And there is another Kuno.

Joy.

The battle of Kunos was happening in the vacant lot Haruka had talked about. The place showed clear signs of long-term delinquent habitation and made me want to give Kuno-senpai a point. God, so many porn mags…

As for the delinquents themselves, the ones who didn't flee were huddling around the corner loudly cheering for the female Kuno while throwing insults and the occasional empty can at the male one.

"I-is that Kodachi-senpai?" Haruka mumbled in shock. "But who…"

"Meet her brother. As you can see, she's the better looking of the two." I helpfully added.

"Yeah…" The closet lesbian agreed with me and immediately started stammering. "Guh! I-I m-mean, I—"

I just chuckled at the brightly blushing girl and stepped into the terrain, raising my voice as I did.

"OI, everybody, STOP!"

That, of course, drew all the attention to me.

"YOU!?"

"""ANIKI!!!"""

"The Bat-wielding Prince~"

That last one made my eyebrow twitch.

"Alright people, let's us all calm down and talk about—"

"DIE, EVIL WIZARD!"

My attempt to make peace went as well as I was expecting. But at this point, Kuno-senpai would attack me on sight no matter what I do, so it didn't matter anyway.

After five minutes of action my kendōka senpai – with his head full of comically large bumps – dropped to the ground, completely unconscious. I rested my baseball bat on my shoulder and wiped the sweat from my brows.

Damn, I think he's actually getting better.

Then turned to face my adoring crowd.

"WOOOH! Aniki is the strongest!"

"Did you see that!? He demolished The Blue Sword Saint like it was nothing!"

"Sasuga Dandii battō."

"HAHA! Nobody can mess with us now!"

"ANIKI! ANIKI! ANIKI!"

Their endearing enthusiasm does give me a bit of a rush, not gonna lie.

"Oh, Bat-wielding Prince~!"

Ugh, most of them.

Suddenly, I found myself with my arms full as Kodachi bodily pressed herself against me.

"Such strength! Such boldness! Such ferocity!" She gushed passionately like I hadn't just used that strength, boldness, and ferocity to beat her brother up. "The attributes of the perfect man embodied so openly! I, Kuno Kodachi, The Black Rose, am positively wooed!!!"

Now, don't get me wrong, Kodachi is an extremely attractive girl with a purry, sexy voice and a leotard-clad ass that should be framed and displayed in some art gallery, but I'm a staunch follower of a golden rule that had accompanied me from my old world to this next one, one that is more pertinent than ever now that yanderes and over-the-top anime hijinks are a thing.

Do. Not. Stick. Your. Dick. In. Crazy.

"Oh, Bat-wielding Prince, take me!"

"Name's Hiroshi, by the way, feel free to use it."

"Bat-wielding Prince~!"

Of course.

"Hum, senpai?" I shifted my attention away from the girl trying to capture my lips and turned to Haruka, who, being unfamiliar with Kuno-senpai's cockroach qualities, was looking at his twitching body with worry in her eyes. "Should we help? I mean, is he going to be alright?"

I was about to answer when Kodachi suddenly jolted in my arms.

"That voice! Could it be!?" Then she slipped away. Materializing in front of Haruka. "Tenou Haruka-sama!"

"A-ah ha ha, hey there Kuno-senpai." The blonde girl said nervously as she started backing off.

"Oh, this blessed day~ To see you even after the school reopening ceremony." Kodachi clutched Haruka's hand with her own, preventing any further retreat. "It must be destiny!"

What an amazing whiplash!

My kohai, probably not used to this kind of attention from another girl, instantly blushed at the touch.

"I really don't think it is, but, err, n-nice seeing you too?"

Bless her heart, she's trying to deal with hurricane Kuno with politeness and understanding. Much to learn she has, this little padawan.

Deciding to leave Haruka to her trial by fire, I turned my attention to the gang of delinquents, my gang of delinquents.

The bunch had been whistling and throwing dirty comments when Kodachi was on my arm, but now that she was over Haruka they stopped and started to watch the pair of girls with eyes wide with discovery and fascination.

"Oi, Touji, come here!" I called out, snapping them to attention.

A middle school student that looked like a middle-aged thug – admittedly, that doesn't narrow down much, but I learn to recognize him from the sideburns – broke off from the group and quickly approached me.

"Heya Aniki, good one!" Sakamoto Touji, my self-appointed second in command congratulated me. On exactly what, he left vague.

I nodded, "First things first." I leaned close to him and lowered my tone. "Are you alright with Kodachi being here?"

"What do you mean, Aniki?" He blinked, totally confused.

The fuck?

"Didn't she send your little sister to the hospital!?" It was the thing that got me involved with delinquents in the first place!

"Oh, that!" He smiled cheerfully. "Kuno-nee replaced Hitomi-chan's entire wardrobe, so she retracted her undying grudge and loves her now."

W-What the- Wait, Kuno-nee!?

You know what? Fuck it, at least that matter is done with.

"Ok, so next up." I took a deep breath, "I need to speak to you, I need to speak with you all. Is the entire gang here?"

Touji's eyes grew several sizes.

"Y-You mean—" He sharply whipped his head around and counted. "No, Aniki, some are still missing."

"Get them here, I need everyone for this."

"Yes, Aniki! Right away, Aniki!" He quickly whirled around and addressed the others with a commanding tone. "ALL RIGHT LADIES, LISTEN UP! WE'RE GONNA RUN AROUND TO GET THE LAZY FUCKS THAT AREN'T HERE AND REGROUP, ANIKI CALLED A MEETING!"

"WOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!!"

The boom of their collective yell spread across the entire area.

… Oh dear, it seems like I stumble in some obscure delinquent tradition.

"Senpai." Haruka was suddenly by my side, she looked even cooler and more in control than she normally does. Hehe, Kodachi was making her nervous. "What is this about?"

"You'll see, this… this involves you too."

Noticing my change of tone, Haruka nodded firmly. "Ok, so we wait?"

"We wait," I confirmed it, then started to look around. "This is the 'headquarters', after all. Let me see if I can find a place for us to sit."

"Why, I never!" I looked down to find Kodachi standing between us, her whole body ruffing with indignation, which, considering that she was wearing a leotard that was practically glued to her form, was a very interesting sight. "Have my ears deceive me!? Have I gone mad!? This place, this place is the headquarters of my Bat-wielding Prince and his noble subordinates!? No! I, Kuno Kodachi, refuse to believe it!"

A black rose appeared in her hands and she whip it around to produce a tornado of petals. At the same time, she leaped, artistically flying through the air and landing on top of a lamppost. That earned her a few impressed claps from some of the remaining delinquents.

She theatrically raised the rose high and then brought it to her lips, the petals still somehow rotating around her.

"Tenou Haruka-sama, Bat-wielding Prince… Follow me! This black rose will bring you to a place worthy of her future husband and wife!"

And with a resonant 'Ohohohohoho!' She was gone. Leaping from building to building like the accomplished gymnasts she was, all while conveniently leaving a trail of black petals behind for us to follow.

"She really shoots for the moon, doesn't she?" I commented.

"I-indeed." Haruka tried to sound cool, but she wasn't used to Kuno's craziness enough to succeed this time around. "What do we do?"

I didn't even have to think about it; living in an anime world already made me too damn curious for my own good, plus it sounds interesting as hell, even if it comes from Kodachi's craziness.

Besides, I'm probably highly resistant to conventional drugs and poisons now that I dealt with what NOMAD could offer and have no qualms about breaking all her teeth if she tries anything.

-0-0-0-​

Twenty-something thug-looking teenagers Oooo'ing and Aaaa'ing as they ran around in a building like a bunch of excited monkeys wasn't a particularly pleasant sight, but it was an amusing one.

Their reaction wasn't completely unfounded. The building Kodachi had taken us is pretty damn awesome. A huge open studio standing three stories tall, fully equipped with a kitchen, a lodging area, large bathrooms, several offices, and, for some ungodly reason, a gym.

I think this place was a recording studio of some kind, giving the… well, recording equipment we found in the storage and the sound-proof booths. But I can't even begin to imagine why the hell would a recording studio need a fucking gym attached to it.

… But then again, some bands are pretty crazy, and this place did come from a Kuno.

Speaking of Kunos.

"Alright, I admit this surpasses all my expectations."

Kodachi just loudly laughed that raunchy laughter of hers.

"Ohohohoho! This is nothing, darling, only the best for my Bat-wielding Prince."

I winced; I swear I will never get used to this nickname. "Are you sure we can use it?"

"Please, darling, you can keep it, the place was only accumulating dust anyway, I'll have Sasuke deliver the paperwork later." She sashayed to my side and very deliberately draped herself over me, pulling my arm between her breasts while her finger went up and began drawing lines over my pectorals. "You can consider that a small preview of my dowry~."

My Poker Face skill helped me hide how much her body was affecting me, so, appearance-wise, I just nonchalantly glanced at her and sighed.

"You do not want to go on that route with me girl. I'm not a man that can be satisfied with a single woman."

She's possessive as hell in the anime, right? Might as well try that.

"O-Oh!" Kodachi flinched back as if she was struck, separating from me almost completely. But before I could start mentally celebrating, she started vigorously fanning herself, her face fully red. "S-So cool~~!"

… I won't be getting rid of her this easy, aren't I?

I sighed, "Alright assholes, gather around! We have to have an important talk!"

"Ah, senpai!" Haruka interrupted me from close by. "Takato-san and Gojiro-san found you a place to sit if you want."

Wait what? She knows their names and can pick them up in a crowd!? Even I can't do that without relying on their game tags!

And, of course, because Haruka has reminded her of her presence, Kodachi pounced.

"Tenou Haruka-sama!" Kodachi called out, practically shoving her cleavage into the poor lesbian's face. "Don't you think I forgot about you, oh no! I, Kuno Kodachi, have the perfect establishment in mind to gift to you!"

"Err." The blushing blonde blinked rapidly and quickly swept her eyes across the room until they fell on me. she then looked back at Kodachi and cleared her throat, her blush subsiding almost immediately.

"I'm sorry Kuno-senpai, but I'm not a woman that can be satisfied with a single woman." She said in a husky tone that would leave world-class hosts green with envy.

D-Did she just copy me!? C-Cute! Haruka-chan is cute!

Seeing Kodachi once again being wooed to the point of near-unconsciousness, I decided that was enough dilly-dallying and herded the group of starstruck delinquents who were watching the interaction into the designated space.

I—

…

Alright whose idea, was it?

I nearly vocalized that as I looked at the monstrosity in front of me. Placed on a raised dais that overlooked the entire room was what once was a tall couch before it was covered by a long crimson robe, embroidered with complex lines of gold and silver, and framed by what appear to be two large Moai statues replicas, a small coconut tree, a golden bald eagle with its wing spread wide, a taxidermic preserved Egyptian looking cat, and more weird, worrying objects they found in the storage – again, what the fuck was this studio used for!?

The abomination was so gaudy that it took me several seconds to realize what it was.

A throne, these motherfuckers built me a throne.

But why in the name of anime Jesus was it so garish! Do these people have any taste— Oh no, no, wait, I've seen what delinquents do to poor, innocent bikes; the style matches, as annoying as it is.

I turned to the sea of shinning puppy eyes eagerly watching me. Haruka snigged somewhere close by, the bitch knew.

Fuck, alright.

There were several cheers as I dropped my ass on the throne of tacky garishness. Maybe I could start collecting the weapons of my fallen enemies and put them here, it's not like it can get more garish.

It was a good position though; I could see the entire gang from here.

"… There is a lot more of you now." I started with something easy.

Touji loudly coughed into his fist to draw attention. He had positioned himself on my right side, but not close enough to step on the dais. "We have a lot of refugees among us, Ragnarok has stepped up their pace, and a lot of the groups around Suginami-Ku and Toshima-Ku have been assimilated or destroyed. Plus, Aniki, word of your deeds and strength are spreading further each day."

There was some nodding among the group, I could see dark looks crossing the faces of some, presumably the ones from these destroyed gangs.

"Ragnarok…" The super delinquent gang that keeps popping up. I've been very dismissive of them in the past, because, frankly, a bunch of kids with attitude problems trying to larp that they're in the Sengoku Jidai are nothing compared to what I deal with daily. But now I actually did a bit of research.

They're far from being a threat, of course, the only way I can see them holding their own against me or Ranma is if they are led by a secret cabal of martial artists of something like that, but they are trouble. The problem, by what I could find, is that there are a lot of them and they are very diverse in their tactics; their initial move is the good ol' zerg rush invasion, meaning they try to drown their opponents' fodder under the weight of their vastly superior fodder. Most gangs just fall at that stage, but to those that don't, they open their fan of multiple tactics from the hundreds of different gangs they have assimilated, everything from honor duels to guerrilla runs are used against their enemies.

The worst part, and what made them trouble, is that the fights do not stay isolated to the idiots throwing the punches, the sheer number of them means that the action commonly spilled to the innocent people around them; Stores got trashed, schools got vandalized, people who weren't fast enough to run away got drag along and sent to the hospital.

Imagining that happening throughout Nerima made my skin crawl.

"How long do we have until they come here?" I could see some noticeably perking up at my question.

"Well, Takeda The Puncher seems to have honored his side of the deal. Ragnarok is ignoring Nerima for now and focusing heavily on Shibuya." A satisfied grin spread across Touji's face. "Word is that they've encountered a lot of resistance from the Suzuran boys."

This caused loud reactions from the rest.

"Aha! As expected from the crazy crows!"

"Maybe they'll get destroyed there."

"Nonsense! Only Aniki or previous Aniki can defeat Ragnarok!"

"Yeah, Aniki and previous Aniki rule!"

"That Serizawa guy sounds pretty tough…"

"Who cares! We have Dandy Bat!"

"Quiet!" I cried out, bringing back the silence.

Alright, here we go.

"To tell the truth, Ragnarok isn't why I called you today."

Funny, I'd spent hours rethinking and reanalyzing my decisions this past month and coming out with plans for the future - a sleepless night will do that - this conversation was something I focused heavily on, but now the words were failing me. It didn't matter, though, I had to get my point across.

"If we boil it down; you guys are here because of me." I started slowly. "Because I helped you out, because I rescued you, or simply because you heard I was stupidly strong. You all decided to bow down to me and call yourself my subordinate, I won't pretend to know the exact reasons for everyone here but I'm pretty sure most involve a desire for future fights, or to lord over a large territory, just plain revenge against Ragnarok."

Heads were nodded and grins were spreading, so I was mostly correct.

"But we never had a chance to sit down and talk, to communicate, I never bothered to try."

It's been a few days now since this little group came together, and I never once treated them seriously. They were just another comical sight of Nerima, a bunch of passing delinquents that could pull aside and throw on my many sidequests.

This cannot continue, not after yesterday.

"So, I'm going to do that now, clear the air, so to speak." Act like a fucking leader for once.

I honestly don't know if there would be any left after this, so this might be my only chance.

"… If you guys expect whatever this is to become like every other delinquent gang or expect this to be your chance to push back against Ragnarok… then get the fuck out now. You don't belong here."

"""EH!!!!""" Whatever my audience was expecting, it wasn't that. So, these words were like a sucker punch that left most of them stunned.

Fucking anime delinquents are like open books when they're in a group, I swear.

"I do not care about reputation." I continued. "I do not care about holding a turf, or posturing around like I'm the strongest, I like fighting, but I won't go around looking for it like an idiot. I have better things to do, more important things to do."

I let out a long breath; here is the critical point. "… I'm getting involved with things you guys wouldn't believe, dangerous things, things that could do more than beat you up and break your bones. If you need context; I'm the strongest, toughest guy in this room, but I almost failed yesterday… And if I had, then a dozen of innocent women would probably be getting raped at this instant."

For the first time since I started, was no reaction, just dead, heavy silence. I could see the crowd struggling to process the information, none of them had imagined I would get this serious, this real when they saw me sitting down in the silly little joke throne, none of them were prepared.

"The reason I'm telling you that is because if you continue to follow me, if you insist on being my subordinate, then you will eventually be involved too. I won't be able to shield you, hell, I won't even try." I made sure to look at every single one of them in the eyes. "The fact is, I could use you, I could use your strength, I could use your numbers, having you by my side would make it easier to get what I want with your help. But this, and I want to make this really clear, would mean risking crippling injuries, or even death for my sake. Can you do that? Can you put your lives in my hand just so you can follow me through a path I'm purposefully leaving vague? If you can't do that, then get out now."

I am not blind to the effect anime tropes have on this world. I'd spent a good part of the night thinking about each one that could and would affect my gang depending on my approach. Having a 'banchou' asking his band of delinquents if they are willing to give their lives for him would normally be met with immediate and enthusiastic acceptance. That is why I went about it the way I had, that is why instead of getting riled up, standing up among the crowd with my fist raised high and shouting passionately at the end, I remained seated, my fingers clasped tightly before me, and coldly and firmly stated the facts in the bluntest way possible. I need these bastards to understand, not getting swept in anime hijinks.

I can't even begin to describe my relief when I saw honest doubt crossing their faces.

Sakamoto Touji, perhaps to no one surprise, was the one who broke the silence.

"What…" He swallowed. His internal conflict was clear for any to see. "What do you want? What's the objective?"

What's the thing, isn't it?

I'm glad that Touji – who could be argued to be the most loyal of the bunch – asked me that. But it doesn't make it any easier to answer.

The very core of it, the thing you get when you reach my deepest part and pull it out, is that I'm a selfish bastard. Waking up in anime wonderland was the best thing that ever happened to me, it's barely been a month and a half but I already do not regret losing my friends, my family, and everything I'd built for it. If you give me a choice right now of going back or staying, I will stay every time, I wouldn't even need to think about it. In here, I formed some of the deepest connections of my life, had some of the greatest sex I ever had, improved my very self to heights I don't even think were possible, weren't possible.

I just… found myself living inside something I deeply, truly love, and did my best to become part of it. This was more than worth the tremendous amount of physical agony that came with it.

But there are these… stains that I can't ignore, this fucking darkness underneath it all, causing nasty cracks in what was essentially my perfect anime life, threatening to end it all, to pull everything I love into this grimdark pit of rape and despair. Last night wasn't even the first time I've been reminded of it, it was just the more direct, most lasting reminder I received till now, the one I couldn't easily shrug off.

Fucking hell, this is so fucking childish, but I just want to have fun and be happy. I want everybody I came to love to have fun and be happy.

"What I want..." There were… various reactions around me, I think I forgot to use my Poker Face skill, too late now. "Is to help who I want to help, protect everyone within my reach." Ranma, Haruka, Rin, even my classmates… "And break anything or anyone that causes them harm."

+ 1 Cha.

+ 1 Cha.

+ 1 Cha.

… Ok, that threw me right off, didn't know that could happen.

I quickly shifted my attention away from the notifications and focused back on the crowd, this wasn't the time to get distracted.

The fuck!? Why most of them have fallen to their asses!? Took all the gravitas from the scene!

The bastards!

"…I…I…" One of the ugliest, most thug-looking of the bunch started. He lowered his shark-like, beady eyes to his sweaty palms. "That little brat… Takeo-kun… boss ordered me to scare off his bullies… I thought it was stupid but… he called me cool… Nobody has ever called me cool before." Rugged hands big enough to close over a man's cranium balled onto tight fists. "I-I'll do it! I'll protect them!"

"Yeah!" Came the voice of a mouse-like little delinquent as he picked himself off the ground. "Maeda-baba baked me a cake, can you believe that!? I asked my mother for that once and got a sake bottle to the head. Hell yeah, I'll help them out! They give me cake!

Slowly, a wave started to spread across the group, the crescendo steadily growing.

"Old man Tojiro is a manly dude, I'll gladly help him out!!"

"Kana-chan is tutoring me! I'll break anyone that messes with her!"

"That Tofu guy helped out me mum when she threw her back; I pity the fool that tries anything in his clinic!"

"None of you assholes are good enough to finish painting Madari-baba's house! I'll do it!"

"Kaori-san said I could come back any time! Me! They said I was welcomed in their shop!"

"Kasumi-san petted my head! I'll protect her with my life!"

"Tejiro-san gave me free ramen; I was happy I could cry!"

"Koji-san introduced me to his daughter! She was cute!"

"What did you say!? Bastard!!"

And that went on and on, for a surprisingly long while. Shouted declarations and statements about the shitty tasks I sent them to do all over the place, mostly to get the bastards busy and not causing any trouble, and how the Nerima community had embraced them for doing it.

I…

I didn't even plan for this to happen; I was just being efficient.

By the end, the collection of voices was booming across the studio.

"WOOOOOHHHHH! LET'S DO IT I'M ALL FIRED UP!!!"

"ANIKI! I'll FOLLOW YOU TO THE END!!!"

"HELP, PROTECT, AND BREAK!!!"

"ANIKI!"

"ANIKI!"

"ANIKI!"

I let these idiots' chanting wash over me as I leaned forward and placed a hand over my eyes.

Hell, when they get like that it's impossible to not get emotional.

"ALRIGHT, FUCK, I GOT IT!" I shouted over the noise, getting to my feet. "But you better not regret this cuz you're mine now fuckers, there is no backing off!"

I was met only with eager expressions of raw determination.

"Aniki! Aniki!" A practically vibrating Touji drew my attention. "What should we call ourselves!? I've been trying to ask this for days!"

"Ah." Once again I was thrown off, I definitely wasn't prepared for that.

Crap, I'm shit with names, Mana Bolt is a testament to that, heck, my Gamer System itself is shit with names, considering the number of generic sounds or just plain badly named skill I had.

Shit! Now everybody's waiting for the answer, don't put me in the spot like that!

"N-Nerima Wrecking Crew!" I burled out, the fandom name for the Ranma1/2's main cast was iconic enough, and it's not like anybody was using it. Plus it sounded good.

Silence, complete silence, every previously cheering delinquent was now looking at me with expressions of pure shock.

Ah hell, I just realized now that name doesn't mean a lick of sense to the context we have here—

"""YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"""

The following, deafening sound nearly knocked me out of my feet.

"NERIMA WERCKINGLYN COWRU!!!"

"SO COOOOOOLLLLLL!!!!"

"NERIMA WER-err CREWRO!"

"NO IDIOT! IT'S NERIMA WRECORU CREW!"

"NWC!"

"Nwc? NWC!!!!"

"NWC!!!!"

"NWC!!!!"

"NWC!!!!"

Right, this is Japan, the land where even broken English was considered peak coolness.

Let's just move on before I get sidetracked again.

"Alright people, shut up, SHUT UP!" I shouted down these excitable monkeys until they focused, "Here is what you need to know, and what we are going to do. Pay attention!" Then, I theatrically raised my hand and snapped my fingers, pulling everybody inside the studio into a newly created Illusion Barrier.

The changes were immediately noticeable. The lights dimmed, all background color bled away into muted versions of their former self, a thick mist suddenly enveloped the room, and the clear, sightly stagnated air changed into a musky, swampy thang that left your nose warm and itchy.

The abrupt change of environment produced a series of startled gasps of the band of delinquents, but I wasn't done. Raising an open hand to the sky I began to gather mana for a Mana Bolt, forming a brilliant, beach-ball-sized orb of pure energy over my palm, and pushing it to grow even further beyond. It wasn't until I was sure all eyes were on me that I released the spell.

The roof above us was obliterated, opening up the space for the sunlight – not much cuz the mist was a bitch – to fall down upon us.

Everybody not familiar with my abilities was on the floor, their eyes nearly bulging out their sockets and mouths dangling open. "D-Dragon Ball?" I hear Touji muttering from his place on the ground and almost broke down laughing.

But it was time to put the serious face on.

"This is what I was trying to keep vague. The things you see in anime and video games? They are all real, everything you can imagine. Ki, magic, yokai—"

I swear in the names of all the gods of all the anime religions out there that I did not plan the next part. But by the powers of anime tropes or narrative conventions, a sneaking Kappa chose that exact moment to leap for an attack.

Without even looking at it, I snatched it by the neck midair and presented it to the onlookers. "Monsters."

If the passage into another dimension caused them to gasp, the sight of the monster nearly made them scream. Some of them did scream, but they were all too shocked to look away.

Because their design is so marketable, Japan has done a lot to infantilize Kappa. This was true both in my old world and here in nineties anime japan. We see the critters everywhere, postcards, construction signs, restaurant banners, parks, public bathhouses, even in official government documents you can occasionally find a drawing or two depending on the occasion. They all, however, share the same traits; they are cute and friendly.

The Kappa I was showing them was the original Kappa, what they are meant to be. A scaled monster with dark, murderous eyes, and unnerving, shrill shrieks that will echo in your nightmares.

"Look at it, look!" I insisted, my voice not as cold as before, but just as severe. "Look at this serrated beak that would give geese a run for their money. Look at these ten centimeters-long claws and just imagine how sharp they are. Look at the way it moves while it tries to claw my arm off, do you see how flexible and agile it is!? These things, these things!" I shook the creature yanking some louder, more terrifying noises from it. "Can kill you. They can open your guts with a sweep, they can get to your face and bury their beaks into your eye, and fucking believe me when I say that they will aim for your anus first! And do you know what else!?" I threw the Kappa to the floor and stomped over it, producing a grotesque, wet squelch as my shoe messily flatted its torso before it puffed from existence.

"… These things are nothing compared to what I'm going against, to what we are going against."

I straightened my back, piercing them with my glare. "This, gentlemen, is what I want you to know. We live in a world of monsters, where things like that hide in the shadows and prey upon the innocent… Do, you understand what I'm saying?"

I patiently waited for each and every single one of them to pick themselves off the floor, carefully watching as they struggled to progress the information I'd delivered. Some trembled in place as their worldview shattered under them, some acquired haunted looks as the full realization of what I was going to drag them into finally hit them, or others tried to stifle their sobs, or stoically clamped down their feelings.

They all eventually looked up.

A wave of affirmations, not as enthusiastic as before but just as determined echoed over.

I smiled at that.

"And this is what we are going to do about it."

Renewed worried glances were thrown to the area at my side, where I activated another skill and made the floor lit up with an ominous glow.

I paid no mind to it.

"Starting tomorrow we will draft patrol routes, no longer you will mindlessly dick around when you have nothing to do. If you aren't working on a sidequest, you are going to be on the street, and you are going to be attentive to everything around you. Any rumor, any conversation, any weird sight, bad feeling, odd sensation, or just plain craziness you encounter you will take notes, and you will write a fucking report at the end of the day. We will create a system for it, oh believe me on that, we will be ironing out a lot of details on these following days. So, congratulations, you guys are now my eyes and ears and you better prepare yourself because I plan to cover all of Nerima."

Barging through the nascent protests I continued. "Now, when shit gets real, like, anything more than a group of idiot delinquents from another area, and you're not with a dozen others to back you up? You run away, you get me or one of the executives. You will not try to tackle any supernatural problem alone or in a small group, better yet, you will not try to tackle any supernatural problem at all."

"You are not ready. I know you know how to fight and have experience with violence, but this doesn't matter, none of you are ready to fight monsters!" I enunciated.

And then I smiled, "And this is what we are here to fix." Opening my arms wide, I gestured towards the open space. "This pocket dimension is infested with monsters just like the one from before. They are dangerous, mean, and want to kill you more than anything in this world."

"Unfortunately, you cannot gain tangible strength by killing monsters and leveling up like a video game character." Heh, casuals. "What you can do is gain experience fighting them, you can get used to fighting monstrous opponents or just opponents that genuinely want to kill you, there are valuable lessons in there. Furthermore!" I thumped my fist on my chest. "I'll be personally helping you. I'm not qualified to teach you any extraordinary martial arts, but a genius martial artist had personally deemed me 'good enough' on several dozen conventional styles so I can show you some mean tricks. And, well, I won't be the only one helping." My smile widened as the progress bar only I could see filled completely.

Bright purple light erupted across the area.

"WOOOOOOWWWWWWW, MINON IS FINALLY BACK! MINONNNNNNN!!!!!!"

And there she was, in all her bronze-skinned, bikini-armored glory.

Summon Cardian leveled up!

With a grin nearly spilling my face in two, but I pushed aside my reaction and just gestured towards her.

"This is Minon." The minotauress placed her gauntleted hands on her thong-clad hips and pushed her gigantic breasts up, obviously delighted for being formally introduced. "She's a precious minion of mine." A long, muffed squeal echoed from the back of her throat, but she didn't move from her dramatic pose, nor did her expression change. "She's kinda like a corporeal spirit of alien origins, or a summon, if you played Final Fantasy. She'll be helping in your training today… well, she'll mostly make sure you guys don't die or get permanently injured."

The cowgirl Cardian, catching on surprisingly fast, bumped her first together – doing magical things to her breasts in the process – and nodded excitingly. "I'll teach you how to fight! Minon!"

I open my mouth to keep going, but what she just said gave me a bit of a pause. For the first time in a while, I took my attention completely away from the gang and looked at my cowgirl.

"Can you teach someone to fight?"

She nodded vigorously. "Yes, master! Every Cardian is capable of training emergency troops! I am qualified! Minon!"

That's… very good to know. Now that I think about it, Minon did not fight randomly, or just relied on her monstrous strength for everything… not completely at least. There was purpose behind most of her swings and the way she moved, but it never occurred to me to ask what style she was using, or if she could teach it to someone else.

In fact, there was a lot of things I could have asked her, about the Cardian, what they are, where they came from, fucking hell I had her for all this time and this didn't even cross my mind, I even remember forcing information out of her once— god fucking damn it, I had a source of information about the Cardian all along!

No, nope, I will not get bummed out here, not after all of this, just add that to the list of 'things I stupidly halfassed, but plan to immediately rectify in the very near future' and move on.

Shaking my head, I focused back on my crew. "Well that's basically it, you're all armed, I'm sure." I have yet to see a delinquent that didn't carry at least one brass knuckles. "So, over the next few hours I want you to kill the monsters here and familiarize yourself with the feeling and process, just stay close to each other, stay within Minon's sight, and do what she says."

"You'll be smashing like grown-ups when I'm done with you." Minon helpfully added. I had no idea if the double meaning was intentional or not and, frankly, I'm afraid to ask.

Silence.

More Silence.

"… Any questions?" I asked to break the silence but only got even more silence.

I sighed. The avalanche of information and impossible events must have overwhelmed their brains. They'd probably been in the 'just roll with it' mode for a while. Honestly, I don't blame them.

"Ok," I sighed regretfully and then looked at my minion. "Minon?"

"Yes, master?"

"Educate them."

"Yes, master!!!"

Let me tell you, nothing get you going quite like having a three meters tall cow woman built like a brickshithouse bull-rushing at you while waving a Warhammer and screaming at the top of her lungs.

There were curses thrown about, there were crashes, and mild explosions, and finally, my troop of merry delinquents spilled out into the misty world like a bunch of retarded chicks falling off the nest.

Majestic.

When everybody was gone, I dropped my ass back down the throne of garishness slumped into it, letting a heavy sigh escape my lips. God, this was more tiring than I'd imagined.

… And you know what? This thing is remarkably comfortable for something so.

It was then, from my new position, that I managed to catch a glimpse of bluish-green on my left side.

"Eep!" I didn't squeak, I let out a sound of concentrated manliness that put chest hair on everyone that heard it, miss me with this girly squeak talk. "K-Kodachi!"

I completely forgot she was here!

The better-looking Kuno was standing on the left side of the throne, still as a statue, like, I don't think she was even breathing, she just looked at me with a blank expression… and rives of tears running down her stoic face.

"… I'd thought my dear brother a fool when he spoke about the terrible wizard with cursed black magic haunting the halls of Furinkan. Never in my life have I been more wrong." A trembling black rose was brought to her cherry red lips, and I could practically see reality being remade behind those terribly obsessed gray eyes, forming patterns and frequencies only she could make sense of. "NO! My brother redefines the word fool, to call him that would be an insult to every fool out there!!!"

With a gesture, she set off the hurricane of dark petals once again. "To mistake a dark wizard terrorizing a school with a golden-hearted mage attempting to build a noble order of knights akin to an Arthurian legend, laughable!" In the next instant, I had a hand being clutched by a kneeling Kodachi. "My Bat-wielding Magic Prince." Dear lord, the nickname got worse! "My heart was stolen once again, and your words have inspired me to action!"

She dramatically laid down a kiss over my ring finger leaving a perfect lipstick mark, before dutifully raising her shining eyes to me. "For that, I pledge you my love and my service!"

It was then that she leaped, pirouetting across the air until she stood over a still-standing wall.

I think she just likes high places, perhaps it had something to do with how her laughter resonated.

"Ohohohohoho! Rejoice, my beloved! For I, Kuno Kodachi, The Black Rose, shall assist you in forging the greatest fighting force Japan has ever seen! Of this, I promise!"

After a few more seconds showing off her impressive set of lungs, she jumped up and away, presumably to help train the gang, but who really knows with Kunos.

I was too drained to care about her, so I didn't. I just pushed my shoulders up and rose from my seat. The day wasn't over after all.

"Ah, hm." And Haruka has been at my right side all along, of course. "That's… Wow… I don't even know what to say…"

With an exasperated sigh, I nodded. "Kunos be like that. Don't worry about it."

"About, everything."

… Ah.

I can see it now, the cocktail of raw emotions flashing in her eyes, the way her shoulders were shaking.

"It's silly… I don't know where this is coming from… But you kept speaking and it kept hitting me and I just…" She dropped her head on her hand, fingers futilely wiping her eyes.

I-I was at a complete and utter loss. I'd never seen Haruka like this before, I had no idea what I'd said that caused this outcome. Even hastily replaying the words in my head I couldn't find anything.

"I'm sorry." I tried in the end.

She harshly shook her head, still keeping her face hidden. "Don't apologize, idiot!" Her breathing was intermixed with the little sobs she tried to hold back as she fought for control.

"You just… everything so obvious now… so, so right…" She tried to explain even through it all, her words slurred together in the effort to get them out. "Do you have any idea what it was like before… before you… I was just so aimless and… a-and those damn dreams!?" She choked noisily, her body shaking violently.

I couldn't take this anymore and pulled her into a hug, to hell with all those idiotic Japanese social conventions, I wasn't about to leave someone I care about without a shoulder to cry on because it wasn't 'proper'. She went stiff at first but nearly instantly relaxed, so I just held her in my arms, my hand drawing circles over her back until her sobbing subsided.

"… Thank you. I'm… I'm ok now." She eventually mumbled from her place against my shoulder, finally managing to wipe the tears completely. I let her pull herself off and watched her inhale and exhale a long breath.

There was a glowing symbol in the center of her forehead.

"Hiroshi-sempai, I have a feeling that if I stick by you. You'll take me to where I need to go."

"Gah!?" What should I do!? Should I point it out!? I have this indescribable desire to poke it with my finger and— And her game tag is glitching again.

"… I don't know where that came from either, so don't even ask." She shook her head, a cute blush illuminating her normally cool face.

Then the mark vanished and her level and title stopped glitching at the same time, I relaxed back with an annoyed sigh.

"You wanna know something, Haruka? You have a hidden power within you that someday we'll have to sit down and scoop it out."

She blinked and then tilted her head with a lopsided grin. "That would actually explain a few things." She said jokingly.

A loud yet distant crash echoed in another part of the Barrier, both of us looked in the direction the sound came.

"Great, they started without me." Haruka sighed.

"Without you?" I cocked an eyebrow.

"Of course. I'm still at the physical conditioning stage at the dojo, but I can't stay out of the action forever, and this is as close as a controlled space as I going to get." She stepped out and shot two punches to the air that looked… honestly pretty good in my opinion, she had the right footwork and everything. "And you… You have somewhere to be, am I right? I got that from the way you worded…"

"Yeah," I confirmed, my hand unconsciously slipping into my right pocket to touch the business card Shiori had given me. "It's not something I can put off any longer."

I also needed to step up, can't let everybody leave me behind.

Haruka nodded, then, she struck a cheeky pose as if showing off her biceps and sent me a charming smile, the girlish one I've seen from her. "I'm going to do my best senpai, make sure you do the same."

"You betcha," I murmured under my breath for she had already taken off running. Looking at her retreating back, I casually raised a hand to my mouth, yelled. "Make sure you don't get frisky with Kodachi, you hear!"

The image of her squawking and tumbling to the ground at the distance sent me rolling in laughter.

Cute Kohai is Cute.



A/note: Lewd is in this chapter but on the next part

MUAWHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
Last edited: Jan 7, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vulpix, Sidrakil and 1,466 others
Adudefromthesea
Jan 6, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Jan 24, 2022
Add bookmark
#12,478
It's 'tomorrow'



Chapter 16 part 2






In the far off, futuristic utopia of the late 2010's I could just take my phone out of my pocket and check the address on the business card ahead of time. I could have gotten pictures, general information, the best route to get there, the nearest restaurants, the most visited tourist traps, and much, much more without taking a single step. But right now, in the sweet and innocent '90s, things are different. Phones here are indestructible bricks that you could probably use to kill someone and the idea of using them for anything more than making and receiving calls was laughable.

Computers weren't much different. Sure, you could get more information there, but the slowness and disorganization of cute little baby internet made that the work of many hours even if you knew what you were doing, which I didn't.

So, the best way to get there was to simply go there – thought my naïve past self, completely unaware of the multiple station changes, bus riding, mad rooftop dashing, and bothering of bystanders for information he would have to endure.

Still, the long and convoluted journey wasn't all bad, considering that it did help to put some things into perspective.

"I COULD COUNT IN ONE HAND THE NUMBER OF TIMES I GOT INTO A FIGHT BEFORE COMING TO NERIMA!" I shouted to the crimson-uniform wearing delinquent I had in a headlock, pausing only to kick his buddy into the metro seats. "ONE HAND!!!"

"WE'RE NOT IN NERIMA!" Cried the terrified delinquent.

"DETAILS!!!" I pontificated before I threw him into the air, grabbed his legs, and used his body to batter the rest of his gang.

It's one thing to hear about a delinquent war in the quiet -heh- corner of Nerima-Ku, it's another to get out of the area and experience it in the flesh. I don't know if it was just me, but wherever I went there seems to be signs of delinquent presence or delinquents themselves hanging around; multiple graffiti on the walls depicting gang symbols or other profanities, familiar piles of a very specific kind of trash filling every corner, sound of fighting echoing inside dark alleyways, thug-looking teens wearing various school uniforms snarling at each other on the streets, my eyes just seem to be drawn to these details.

There isn't to say, of course, that I spent the whole journey fighting people left and right. I didn't care if a group of delinquents was squatting together in front of a convenient store like a bunch of vodkaless gopnik (The saddest kind of gopnik) or made supposedly-intimidating-but-actually-ridiculous faces at me as I walked past. I only intervened when they were being genuine menaces to the people around them, like trying to grope a cute store clerk, or loudly screaming at each other in front of a hospital, or due to the occasional quick sidequest— So only sixty, seventy percent of the journey at most.

Best fight by far was against two, honest-to-God, female delinquents. Sure, they didn't look like delinquents with their tailor-made, color-coded uniforms, but their titles said they're from 'The Valkyries corps' associated with, surprise, surprise; Ragnarok, and they even did the typical delinquent babble: "something, something, taking me down to prove their strength for their female version of Aniki". Usami Reo and Igarashi Yōko were their names, I committed that to memory mostly because the two were around Akane's level, so they managed to rough me up a bit before I took them down.

As the sky started to turn into a deep shade of orange… and after being pointed the wrong way no less than three fucking times by three different people, I finally managed to arrive at the general location of the address.

Forested areas and open fields stretched on both sides of the streets, but this wasn't because this was the city's outskirts like Ōizumichō district, this place was a 'developing area' as indicated by the high numbers of ongoing construction around me. This place probably used to be a relatively low-valued area with a lot of old, run-down buildings, so the city decided to demolish it all to build something better, or just sell the land for some construction company whatever works the best. I think in a few years' time after every construction has concluded this will possibly become a fairly high-end neighborhood, but right now it was only a plain area with few functional houses too far apart from each other and other establishments.

The Japanese part of my brain was telling me that it's too late now and I should come back tomorrow but fuck that noise. Another part was… drawing parallels to recent events, and that one I couldn't exactly tell it to fuck off.

But I can't leave. Not because of the trip back or anything. It's just… This is the place.

I could feel it with my Spiritual Senses, it wasn't like anything I ever felt before, it wasn't even a 'thing', not really, I couldn't even point at a defined location, the best I could do was point at the general direction and say there was something over there. It was the first time my senses gave me such vague responses.

My magic teacher, someone who could finally give me some guidance on the subject after weeks of hitting my head against a wall. They were around there somewhere.

I realized my feet were rooted in place for a while now and forced myself to take a step.

I simply can't walk away now, not when I got this far.

… However.

Fuck, there is logic in the argument. It is way past the reasonable hours for an unannounced visit, especially considering that I'm a complete stranger specifically seeking their aid. Shiori did say I had to earn the apprenticeship by myself, right? Good first impressions are literally the first step for that, and every single one of my Japanese bones is telling me that if I arrive now I'm going to come off as extremely rude.

But after all that trouble I went through getting here, heck, all that effort to even find the right way when it seem nobody could point me in the right direction. It was like giving up on a marathon at the edge of the finish line, I can already imagine the whirlwind of frustration I'd have to deal with later if I turn tails now.

The number on the business card! Fucking hell, I didn't call first, in my haste to get things going, to start steeping up I forgot the most basic thing I should have done! Shit, I can't show up like that; if this is a bad time for a stranger's visit, I can't even begin to describe what it is for an unannounced stranger's visit. I could kiss it goodbye to any chance of a good impression.

But would I even be able to live with myself if I turn now!? After all that big talk with the gang!? That emotional moment with Haruka!? The entire reason I'm isn't there with them now is because I needed to be here, if I turned away and just… dick around before going to bed would be like spitting in the face of their determination.

But this isn't something I can screw up, Shiori went through all that trouble to find a famous Mage to teach me, one that she specifically chose to match my style. It also felt wrong to just not do everything I could to make that happen, including making a great first impression, it could really make a difference when dealing with…

I blinked and found myself facing the opposite direction to my destination… This has been the fourth time I retraced my steps; I was literally walking in a circle on the sidewalk like a crazy person.

Looking back, I could see the same road ahead, the road I was supposed to be heading but failed to do so each time.

My genre savviness is tingling…

After thinking for a moment, I swapped my title from 'Shounen Protector' to 'Determinator' and then turned back to where I was supposed to go and forced myself to walk.

… Christ it must have looked so silly! A pompous delinquent squaring off his shoulders like it was about to go into a grand ordeal and just start powerwalking into absolutely nowhere; a classic example of looking way cooler in your head. Fucking hell, what am I even doing here? I should go home and clean my head because I'm clearly going insane.

Ridiculous as it may look, I have to keep walking, I tried to focus on what was ahead instead of my feeling of emotions. No matter how stupid it felt, no matter the complete lack of any resistance, and how it feels like I was making all of this into something way bigger than it actually was, and how I should probably go home and come back with an actual strategy.

Focusing on the spiritual side of my senses helped immensely, and at the same time, it didn't. I was inside whatever was causing the weird feeling now. It was all around me. Not bearing down, or looming over, or anything like that, just there, like water, like being the inside of the ocean. It was unnerving, it made me want to go home and crawl inside my bed and stay there.

One foot after another. Match forward, man. Keep going. Ignore the thoughts. Push away the… the growing fear…. The gawking apprehension… T-The physical effects on the body.

Just.

Keep.

Walking.

And suddenly, it was over. I was left standing on the sidewalk, barely 10 meters away from where I first started, my baseball bat clenched in a bone-breaking grip, my heart racing in my chest, sweat dripping from my bow, and lungs nearly bursting from the among of air I was pulling in each breath.

Spiritual Senses leveled up!

Right. Yeah. Ok…

After taking a minute to calm down, and put my baseball bat back into storage, I looked back to the path I'd walked. The vagueness was now there, right behind me.

I took a step back in curiosity and— there it fucking was again; the ominous presence, the almost physical fear worming its way over my stomach— I stepped forwards again and it all abruptly stop.

… Some kind of anti-muggle barrier, I reckon? One that grows stronger the further you force yourself into it. Neat, and a very good sign.

I'm going to consider that my first test, I decided as I made my way forwards. This time there was no resistance.

Normally, that would have been the time for me to pick up the business card and start comparing the address to the houses by the street, but that became unnecessary. I only needed to crest the following hill to know exactly where I needed to go.

The place tiptoed the line between a big house and a small mansion, standing twice as wide as it was tall, displaying clear European influences in its design, someone more knowledgeable than I was could have waxed poetry about the collection of woods used in its construction and how its contrasting colors worked to guide the eye along where they needed to go, the only thing I can say was that it looked nice.

But the house itself wasn't what drew my attention; there were two other houses constructed in a similar manner on this side of the street alone. No, what drew my attention was the giant red balloon on the empty terrain beside it. The thing was easily three times the size of the house and set off a procession of fireworks all over my senses. Honestly, even if I hadn't a reason for being there, I would have gone directly towards it by principle alone.

You don't leave this kind of shit alone in Nerima, what if it explodes?

My curiosity quickly transformed into concern as I got closer and realized the thing was an Illusion Barrier.

Crap.

I have a feeling I'll be the one dealing with it. Still, it doesn't mean I would jump right in at the first sight of an Illusion Barrier. For all, I know the barrier is related to the mage, so it would be impolite at the very least.

The thing was on the way through, so as I approached the house it was inevitable that I would get closer… to it…

… Ah.

The Illusion Barrier has not been left unattended. Technological equipment straight out of a sci-fi novel was spread all around the terrain letting out loud beeping noises and electronic humming. A large field camp had been erected close by, where a central line of computers was receiving and projecting a complex series of graphics and reading. Mixed in with this wondrous display of technology obviously way too advanced for this time period, was the very distinct presence of magic. Earth totems and small stone statues have been suspiciously erected along with the machines, a series of runes and scripts occasionally glowed over their metal plating, and now that I had a close look, the enormous number of cables and lines stretched across the area were looked to have been deliberated placed rather than dragged over any available space, what exactly did they formed was too vast to see from my position.

And standing over this theater of magic and technology, with arms crossed under a buxom chest and legs spread apart, was a beautiful, orange-haired woman in her early twenties, wearing a combination of waist-high jeans and knot shirt. Her glassy purple eyes lazily focused on me, clearly expecting my arrival.

Lucretia Zola
Witch of Sardinia
Scholar of the Gods
Level: ???

Fuuuuuuc-.

…

Under the comforting blanket of my Poker Face skill. I struggled against the urge to slap myself.

I remember this woman. She's a Campione character, I'm sure of it. The sexy lady with a badass name that appeared in the first episode— Wait, wait! Wasn't she supposed to be a giant deal!?

Right, she was the—

…

I… I don't know what to feel. Elation for my luck? Dread for suddenly realizing the weight of expectation Shiori has placed on me? Just sheer dumbfoundedness? I mean, I was told she would be a big shot, but I wasn't prepared to meet the world's strongest witch… or the woman who's going to become the world's strongest witch… Or the woman that is supposed to be the world's strongest witch… whichever it is.

"… Alright, I'm officially confused."

She's telling me that!

Poker Face was quickly becoming my favorite skill. "Excuse me?"

"Brazenly walking through the barrier like that pretty much negated the possibility of an attack, no one would be this stupid against me. So for a moment there I thought it'd be one of the big-wigs trying to cause trouble for the foreigner girl. But, nope! instead I got—" She made a gesture in my general direction. "What's the word again? Del…Delinquent. A genuine Japanese delinquent just walked inside my barrier. So either my skills have degraded a whole lot without me noticing, or this is the start of some dumb joke."

"Ah." And just like that, I came to the obvious realization that barriers are meant to keep people out and that I wasn't called ahead to let her know I'd be visiting. My hand snaked up to scratch my nape, "I… I sincerely apologize for the intrusion."

"And he's polite too, a polite delinquent. Never thought I'd see the day. Ugh!" She swayed a bit, transferring one hand to her hips while the other pinched the bridge of her nose. I opened my mouth to speak, but before I could make out any words she added. "What the hell do you want, boy? Are you lost or something?"

I-Okay, I need to get my shit together now, she clearly doesn't want me here.

I almost went full shounen and directly replied with my full intentions. But I have the impression that will only get me a flat rejection, especially with how… snappy she sounded.

Best way to go about it is the Japanese way, the indirect way.

"I'm Ōe Hiroshi, ma'am." The witch frowned when I didn't immediately answer her question, but I quickly went on. "I'm here under Seishuuin Shiori's recommendation. She said she talked with you about the subject."

"Shio- How does somebody like you know Seishuuin Shiori!?" Now she's just being rude. "Do you even know who she- Wait… oh, Oh, I remember that! Merda!" What followed next was a series of sentences in Italian, presumably with quite a few curse words and imaginative torture scenarios. That wasn't a good sign.

"That woman!" She gritted out by the end, shaking her head before looking at me. "Look, kid, I don't know what she told you, but what I told her was that I don't want anything to do with this mentorship business. I have no time for that, I have things to do and the last thing I need is—" She bit back her words, then pulled a deep breath and drew herself upwards. "Sorry kid, but my answer remains the same, no. And that's not an invitation to change my mind, or a hidden challenge, or anything like that. You make sure to—" There she nearly growled. "Tell that to Shiori next time you see her. Now, if that's everything, can you please get out of my property?"

I know, on an intellectual level, that I was unlucky enough to catch her in a bad time. It was either that, or she's a very different person than the older version of her portrayed in the Campione anime. Still, it… hurts, being outright rejected like that.

And it didn't make any sense! Had Shiori lied to me? I mean, I have no doubt she omits things from me, just as I do to her, but outright lie? It doesn't fit her image, heck, what could she even gain from lying besides losing my trust, no, I couldn't picture it, she had said she talked things with her beforehand…

… No, she didn't, she said she got me a meeting, and that getting an apprenticeship was up to me. But still, a meeting would imply… the business card doesn't fit, if Lucrezia had rejected her outright, then she would not have left a business card. Unless just informing me of the address was the 'meeting' Shiori talked about. No, that doesn't track either… how hidden is this place?

I looked up at the giant, abnormal Illusion Barrier surrounded by mysterious equipment and then down at the frowning, world-class witch keeping guard.

… Milf Miko is playing games again.

"You're having trouble with that barrier," I stated.

The witch has been getting visibly tenser in the short couple of seconds I spent considering my options and not leaving her properly. But my words gave her pause.

"You…" She narrowed her eyes. "You can see it."

My heart thrummed inside my chest, but I ignored it and raised one finger. "If I can get inside, would you consider making me your apprentice?"

"If you can get inside…" The witch carefully repeated.

The change was so sudden I couldn't even tell when exactly it took place. Before Lucretia Zola was… gesturing, postulating, displaying general emotions - mostly frustration - but now she just… closed up. Her body stopped, all the little twitches and movements that say someone is alive simply halted, her expression melted into one of pure neutrality. She just stood there, looking uncanny as fuck, long enough for me to question if taking things in this direction was a good idea.

"… if you can get inside. We'll talk." The witch finally promised.

I nearly slumped in relief, both for the opportunity she gave me and, well, for the chance to get the fuck out of her scrutinizing gaze. Casting aside my growing nervousness, I hurried towards the Barrier.

It truly was unlike any Illusion Barrier I've ever seen. All others had this transparent quality to them even when they were tinted with colors, this one was just solid red, almost glowing under the late afternoon light. Placing my hand on it, I noticed that this solidity spread to more than just sight. With every other barrier, it was like touching jelly, with noticeable ripples waving from every point of contact, this one's like a rock, like a giant crimson boulder.

It was so different than what I was used to, that for a moment I thought my senses were playing tricks on me.

Normally this would be enough to make me hesitate, but I could feel Lucretia's gaze on my back, and I could tell with absolute certainty that wasting her time would not end up well for me. So, I pulled forth the same peculiar sensation I get each time I used my Illusion Barrier-related skills and tried to break in.

Skill created: Illusion Barrier Invade lvl 01.
Allow you to invade Illusion Barriers regardless of the level of the monsters inside.

Heh, I can't believe I didn't have something like this already, considering the ease the gamer system gives me skills related to this particular topic.

Activating my new skill made the previously unyielding barrier literally crack under my fingers. Without further ado, I forced my way inside, only the slight touch on my shoulder telling me Lucretia had capitalized on the opportunity and came with.

-0-0-0-​

It wasn't pitch black and that somehow made it worse.

Saying it was dark somehow didn't do it justice, it didn't really convey the state of it. No, it wasn't that it was dark, it wasn't the lack of light, it was darkness, blackness, splattered over everything like rotting ink on a white canvas and left there to fester.

The illumination was like mockery; a sparse series of paper lanterns flaming with not darkness, giving shape to the world just enough to tell you are surrounded, that there is no escape, that it was all suffocating and around you. A dirt road carpeted by dead earth spread under all, colorless walls rose on the right and on the left, made in a traditional Japanese style. All else, everything else, anything else, was nothing but the dark. It encroached in a steady rhythm, slowly circling this ten-meter pocket made by two pathetic little lanterns like it wasn't all around already.

I stood at the center of it all, tightly gripping my baseball bat, trying to not acknowledge the dark, for every moment staring to it felt like something in me was about to slip out and fall, whirling away into nothingness, forever and ever— I turned around to where I felt Lucretia touching me but found no one there.

I was alone in the dark, with the dark.

"Screw that," I said out loud as a general principle and pulled a large, industrial flashlight out of my storage.

As satisfying it would be to say I penetrated this corpse of darkness with my huge 'fuck you' shaft of light. What came from the flashlight was a dinky little glow barely bigger than the one from the paper lanterns.

I looked at my equipment like it has betrayed me.

Before I could think. A noise! My neck snapped to the side as I turned around to look for the source and found myself staring into the dark. A soft, barely audible clip-clop of something coming closer somehow moaning from its bowels.

After a moment of confusion, I readied my baseball bat and focused, preparing to meet the monsters of this obviously overpowered Illusion Barrier for the first time.

The dark bulged and burbled and began to stretch before me, a shape formed on its surface and started to stretch inside the pocked of illumination. The dark was spread taut like a grotesque, latex mold, and then slowly started dripping off the moving figure, splashing on the ground like bloated, squirming worms. Little by little the threads of dark fell off, and the figure was revealed to my eyes as it walked towards me.

It was… a short guy wearing a brown, utilitarian kimono, his warry face petrified into an expression of pure exhaustion, his thin limbs moving in lethargic movements, his feet dragging on the ground with each step, his head bobbing like he was about to pass out at any second.

I blinked at him and immediately realized he did not have a 'monster style' game tag. This guy was human.

Kotaro
Skillful Shoemaker
Temporal Prisoner
Embraced by Yomi
Level: 06

… B-Boy, this just opened a whole lot of horrible implications, isn't it? Still, I didn't have time to consider all the details as the guy walked - more like shambled really - right up to my face. I quickly sidestepped out of his way, just in case.

"… Hey," I called out when he didn't react to my presence at all, and just continued to slowly step forwards. "Hey, you. Can you hear me?"

Nothing. Another step forwards. This time I nudged him a bit with my bat, keeping a solid distance.

His terrified yelp was so loud and unexpected that I nearly jumped back. His whole body flinched as he turned and look directly at me. It was then I realized something I somehow completely missed. His eyes were completely black.

"D-D-Demon! NO! NO!" He screamed stumbling over his feet and tumbling to the ground, where he continued to blindly kick away from me. Bloody tears were suddenly pouring from his pitch-black eyes. "GET AWAY! GET AWAY!"

"Hey, hey, calm down— wait!" I cried out and even lunged forwards, but it was too late, his kicks pushed him far enough to reach the edge, and his whole body was… I want to say slurped black into the dark. His frenzy screams fade away instantly.

I looked at the dark, the dark looked at me.

This… might be a bit complicated.

I barely finished this thought, then again, I heard a second noise. This time a soft 'tap' coming from behind me almost like— almostlikeRanmalandingfromtheroof!

I was already swinging my bat when I turned— A pale blade shrieked through the stagnant air— There was a sudden pull on my shoulder on the exact spot—

And my whole world violently crumped into a single point.

-0-0-0-​

With a sharp 'snap' and a POP! that left my ears ringing, my whole world came back into the frame.

A strangled yelp escaped my throat just as the new centimeters of distance between my feet and the ground disappeared, making me trip over my own ankles. Gravity did its work and saw me falling over the soft grass and the hard lumps of the cables spread throughout the terrain.

"Ouch…" I mumbled absentmindedly, too busy staring at the last, feeble rays of sunlight as they were swallowed by the starry night. My mind working on something completely different.

Man… that experience's going to stick for a while.

Sometime during my musings, Lucretia Zola appeared in my vision, looking fantastic under the glow of the artificial lights that began to activate somewhere around the area. Shame she wasn't wearing a skirt, we could have done an anime skit about her panties…

"Are you alright?" There was a hint of concern in her voice, but she sounded mostly analytical as if 'scientist taking notes' analytical, not the uncanny, every-inch-of-her-being-obsessively-dedicated-to-the-task analytical from before. So I'll take that as an improvement.

"Mostly, yeah. It ain't my first time dealing with this kind of stuff."

"I see." She nodded, I got an odd feeling like she just took a note on a clipboard that wasn't there, but she didn't actually do anything. "Never do that again. There are ways to scan an Illusion Barrier to know the level of danger inside. Going in without proper reconnaissance will get you killed."

I noticed she used the proper, gamer term for it rather than the Oumagatoki the Shiori used. "… Couldn't you have said something before I tried to get inside?"

"I was confident that you would fail." She sighed tiredly "Joke's on me, I guess, once again underestimating Japan's weirdness."

Saying that she pulled back, giving me space to get to my feet, which I promptly did. My eyes trailed after her back while I dusted myself off. She walked two steps and raised her head to look at the giant Illusion Barrier, or maybe look at its general direction.

"How did you get inside?" She asked without looking at me.

"How did you get me out?" I countered.

She let out a peal of amused laughter. "Very good."

There was a beat of silence before her shoulder dropped. "I'm going to guess you have some unique ability related to the barriers… and that's why Shiori sent you to me."

That last part came more like a grumble.

"That's pretty much the conclusion I reached, yes." I rested my baseball bat on my shoulder. "So where does that leave us, ma'am?"

It would be very easy to gloat right now, to rub my victory all over her face, and, I'm not gonna lie, part of me really wants to. But she clearly had a bad day, and now is visibly going through some shit - maybe trying to process how a delinquent brat just blasted through all her work without any warning – as satisfying as it would be, I want our relationship to start on a good note, that means not antagonizing her.

If she doesn't become unreasonably stubborn and continue rejecting me, that is, then I would antagonize the fuck out of her.

I can be a petty teenager when the need arises, it would be therapeutic even.

Thankfully, she didn't look angry or frustrated when she turned. In fact, I'd say she looked a bit chirpy, but it was quickly concealed.

"Hiroshi, wasn't it? … I'm sorry, but I cannot make you my apprentice right now, I already have an apprentice you see and there are… forces at play that keep me from having more than one."

"Oh." My grip squelched the leather on the handle of my bat.

That wasn't what I was hoping for.

"Buuut." She intoned, raising a finger. "While I can't make you my apprentice, I can give you a few lessons, teach you some tricks that will give you a solid foundation, purely as payment for opening the door for the barrier, of course, nothing more than a transactional relationship… And who knows, maybe we can come to a future agreement related to that ability of yours." She winked, her attitude suddenly doing a one-eighty from while her fingers formed a very Nabiki-like ok sign.

Ah, of course, the most marketable thing about me, apparently. I relaxed my shoulders with a mildly theatrical sigh. "I already have a deal with Shiori about it, you know?"

"Arg, ok! When she's not using you." The witch huffed. "So, what do you say?"

It was still not what I was hoping for, but it was something.

Ok, a very significant something. This was Lucretia Zola, after all, I can't even begin to imagine how much lessons from the best witch in the world would be worth, so yeah.

"That's something I can agree with, ma'am if you would have me."

I failed to get a full apprenticeship, but at least I can finally, finally start closing the gap on my magical abilities.

"Ok, show me what you can do!"

"What-Now!?"

I guess it's time for night classes then.

-0-0-0-​

Sometimes, I wish my gamer system gave me skills and perks just as easily as some of the gamer fanfics I used to read. Sure, I'd be, most likely, annoyed and overwhelmed with the amount of trivial and useless skills like 'walking' or 'doing the dishes' that would keep popping up. But it would be nice to have a way to upgrade some of my mundane abilities without putting much effort.

I once again lamented the lack of a cooking skill to help me with the act. The extent of my expertise consisted of three or four dishes I could confidently keep from burning, in this particular case, it was burger, or hamborger! For the Japanese. Simply season the minced meat, throw an egg there, shape it into a ball and then put it in the frying pan. Bam! Done, just make sure it doesn't burn and you have yourself a burger.

That's about the most complicated thing I can make. I keep telling myself to absorb a cookbook to fix this, but I keep forgetting.

Placed a plate of two American-sized burgers on my tiny low table together with two cold drinks from the cheerful-looking vending machine that appeared across the street, and I had my dinner. I lounged down beside the table and turned on the small tv on the corner. Just like every other electrical device in this apartment, it was brand new.

Television in anime Japan was an interesting experience. It was mostly fast-talking game shows where people went through insane challenges for what usually was a meager prize or big flashy advertisement display where the viewers can call the host and buy things live. Anime was also very interesting, and there is something deliciously ironic about watching anime in anime world, even if they were, save for Dragon Ball, completely new shows that I never even heard about.

So, I watched television while I ate dinner, and completely failed to pay attention to it.

That's usually how it goes nowadays, rather odd considering I was practically a tv junkie the first time I was a teenager. Every day here is packed with so much stuff happening that tv doesn't do shit for me anymore, today, for example, was memorable in a way tv can never match.

I'd stop to let out the gang – Nerima Wrecking Crew, can you fucking believe it? I don't know if I should be geeking out or dying of cringe – on my way home. They were in surprisingly high spirits for a bunch of minor thugs who spent their entire afternoon fighting monsters. From what I gathered, finding out the monster dropped actual, usable money when they died combined with the rough guidance of two hot babes wearing a leotard and a bikini armor respectively kept them going even after the many scraps and injures they'd acquired. And it seems Haruka managed to stand out once again even though she was the one with less combat experience there.

Apparently, she suplexed a kappa into another kappa, which was a sight I deeply regret missing.

And then there was Lucretia's lesson. Well, it wasn't really a lesson, not really, it was an assessment test, a section to show her everything I knew so she would know where I was and build the future lessons according to it. But it was still one of the most illuminating hours of my life.

Turns out I was getting a completely wrong impression of what I was doing with magic, according to Lucretia, I wasn't even casting spells – through the gamer system disagreed with this assessment – everything I did from the very first moment I tried to work on magic was all been merely an intense form of mana manipulation. She actually laughed at my face when I explain the thought progress of binding a 'concept' into a spell to get the result. Apparently, working with concepts was so far beyond my league that it was practically a joke in and on itself, like a country bumpkin folding paper planes and honestly thinking that's how actual planes are made.

But the session wasn't about tearing through everything I've accomplished and throwing it at my face, far from it. Apparently, I took a page out of Emiya Shirou and achieved something amazing out of pure ignorance. The stuff I do with my mana? How easily I can detect it within my body, how I could manifest it outside my body and still be able to manipulate it even then; That's advanced stuff, like high-level, master-grade, oh-my-God-how-the-fuck-did-you-stumble-into-this, advanced stuff.

Add that to what I was doing, not manipulating concepts but apparently willing the gathered mana to manifest the effects, creating what could only be called a not-spell or a proto-spell. And we had a near salivating Lucretian looking at me like a hungry dog would look a butcher shop, which was as scary as it was arousing.

Plus, my experience creating 'Proto spells' gave me a solid foundation in actively using my willpower for arcane formation, which was one of the first steps a mage apprentice must learn to cast western-style magic.

Needless to say; I left the place very happy.

… Which gave me a few bumps when my thoughts inevitably stray towards Ranma. As stupid, cliché, and unfounded as it was, I couldn't help but feel guilty for having a good time while Ranma is going through what he is.

I had a crude theory that actually made things worse. It's related to the mechanics of this world and how they work in reality. At this point, there have been too many signs and scenarios to say my insistence that anime tropes have an active effect on this world is merely confirmation bias. Saying that, and considering that the Taimanin Series is also of this world, it is safe to assume the same is true for Hentai tropes. So, this is a world where things like girls falling in love with their rapist, fucking a girl so hard little hearts appears in her eyes, or breaking women's minds until they can only think of dick, are very much possible, which leads me to theorize that either every lewd action practiced here is backed by a healthy number of erotic tropes… or that anime girls are much more sexually sensitive than anime guys.

The latter is more farfetched, I admit. Even if I'm not familiar with it, I know yaoi hentai exist and that the male bottoms are submitted to the same tropes as women in normal hentai, but my terrible mind couldn't help but assume that my friend not only had to deal with all the differences in his body in a highly uncomfortable situation, but also the fact he went from a normal timid guy to a hypersensitive anime girl and had to deal with all the sensations this brought him. It's like what I was imagining he's going through but ten times worse!

I forced my mind out of the subject before it had me breaking stuff and tried to focus on not being an idiot. Regardless of the situation, Ranma has already made visible progress towards recovery, when I left him this morning he wasn't 'alright' but he was focused, aware, and far from being miserable. He's made of tough stuff and doesn't need me woeing about how bad he had when he's already moving past it.

The last notable subject of the day is what worries me the most, that Illusion Barrier. To have someone with the title Temporal Prisoner had some pretty clear implications; the thing's been going around capturing people throughout the eras and keeping them alive inside somehow. Well, it might not be it; I didn't have enough clues to make that assumption, and the clothes that man was wearing could put him anywhere from the Sengoku period to today. But I got the general feeling I was dealing with time bullshit, and I've grown to trust my feeling quite a lot.

And then there was the Embraced by Yomi title, this also bring some pretty clear, and way more terrifying, implications. Yomi is the Japanese underworld, thinking about it immediately carries my thoughts to the most famous figure associated with it, which is Izanami-no-Mikoto, which is a fucking goddess, which in Campione terms means Laughably-Above-Everyone-But-Fucking-Crazy-People's-League.

I don't want to fight a goddess, I don't want to even get close to a goddess, especially one that lives in that terrifying place… but the thought of more people in that place revolts me to my very core.

I… I can't do anything about this right away. I did inform what I found to Lucretia though and it's not like I won't have access to the barrier anymore, but if I decide to do this, then I'll have to do this carefully… No, no, that kind of thinking got me within range of a rape demon without a plan. Maybe Lucretia would be the one to deal with it, in any case, she would have my full support.

I dropped the dirty dishes on the sink, looking at with the annoyance only a true teenager could muster, I really should invest in a dishwasher—

And for the umpteenth time today, I let my baseball bat fall out of storage, grabbing it by the pommel and quickly flipping it into a proper grip. In the next instant, I swirled around to greet the new presence.

Knock, the sudden contact against the glass panel leading to my tiny balcony paralyzed me. Knock, Knock… Knock, Knock… Knock, Knock, Knock, it came again, this time in a very specific, coded rhythm.

'You're kidding me.' I had to hold myself by the sink as all my rapidly growing tension deflated from my body.

The panel door opened and closed.

Fuck.

Fucking hell I…

"Waga Aruji-sama, this one has returned."

And she was here, kneeling over one knee like a perfect example of a kunoichi addressing her lord. Wearing the same ridiculous yet sinfully enticing uniform. It was like she never left.

Oh god. I took a deep, long breath, swallowed back the lump of emotion that suddenly rose to my throat, and relaxed my grip on my bat. Leaving it leaning against the kitchen sink.

"Welcome back," I said, crossing the boundary between the tiny kitchen and the living room. "… Hayate said it would be a couple of days."

"Aruji-sama has called. This one would never leave him waiting."

In this tiny apartment, moving to stand right in front of her was a matter of five steps.

"Rise," I commanded.

And she did so, dutifully displaying her awe-inspiring body and impressive curves, and putting us face to face, somewhat; the high heels on her uniform placed her a little above me, yet she kept her tranquil, reddish-brown eyes politely downcast, maintain the air of deference.

Uehara Rin
Ōe Hiroshi's personal kunoichi
Level: ???

I completely disregarded her change in title and the additional '?' in her level. It matters very little to me now.

With one hand snaking around her nape and another circling her ribs. I pulled her close, nearly crushing her in a tight hold.

"I missed you," I mumbled into her neck, letting those emotions for the first time.

It felt like damn years since I last held her in my arms. I've been… distracted by so many things, so many things, dealing with a lot, all at the same time. But in my private moments, usually when I was about to fall asleep, I found myself thinking about her, and feeling guilty for not thinking about her enough. As usual, my dumbass self missed the obvious solution of checking up on her until much later, plus, after yesterday's events, my anxiety has been slowly reaching the boiling point.

"I fought NOMAD." I felt her stiffen at the revelation. "It was worse than what you said. If I'd faltered for even a single moment… I just… T-The thought of you in situations like that just…"

"A-Aruji-sama." Being awkward wasn't far from the norm when it came to Rin, but this is the first time I heard it from her while she was in her Yamato Nadeshiko mode. The gentle hitch in the usual serene cadence of her voice somehow made it more appealing. I felt her hesitant touches on my back, trying to console me. "A-Are you alright?"

"… I am now," I muttered, trying to contain the tremors on my shoulders.

For a time, we just stayed like that while I tried to steady myself. Rin had soon found a good stop and tightly wrapped her arms around me herself. I couldn't even begin to convey how comforting that was.

Eventually, I was able to get things under control, as one must.

"Thank you, Rin," I said gently as I pushed myself away from her, she let out an almost inaudible sigh and looked me in the eye for the first time. "I… Many things happened… but the gist of it is that I'll have to rely on you a bit more for now on."

"Of course, Aruji-sama." She agreed instantly. Clear eagerness flashed in her eyes at the news. "Any task. Any duty. This one is yours to do as you please. Please lean on this kunoichi for whatever you need." She spoke quickly, actually inching closer with every word as the excitement she was keeping underneath the mask of tranquility grew.

Dangerous, this woman is too dangerous when she talks like that. Especially when her body's pressed against mine, especially when I'm close enough to see the color on her cheeks, the shine in her eyes… the pink plushness of her lips.

I have no idea who started the kiss. Probably me? It didn't matter in the least.

I leaned into the soft feeling, our lips parting and my tongue brushing against her own. She let out a trembling sigh as she surrendered herself, her arms wrapping around my neck, pulling me ever closer, before gasping as I suddenly pressed her against the wall.

Soft, wet sounds, draw-out hums, and hitched breaths resonated between us. Our touches grew more daring, always seeking more contact. She had a disadvantage in this case. Her taimanin uniform allow for plenty of access to her hot flesh, something I shamelessly took advantage of as we pressed closer and closer together.

At a time that came way too soon, physical need demanded we separate. So we broke our lips from their wet dance, staying inches apart, drinking from each other's breaths.

"… Ah~" Rin let out a passionate sigh, her hand slowly moving from my neck and shoulder to my chest. "Aruji-sama is pent up." She pushed me away slightly, just enough to give her room to move. "The Minon spirit has been neglectful on her duties while this one was away, this one can see that."

I would have laughed if the extremely bosomy taimanin dragging her curves downwards against my body hadn't elicited another reaction. "Is this the time to be talking about other women?"

"The fulfillment of Aruji-sama's carnal needs is a serious matter." It was almost cute, the way she insisted even as she got to her knees before me. "Fear not, this one is more than capable of picking up the slack."

That got a throaty chuckle out of me and I leaned forwards, placing an arm on the wall for support while keeping my vision on the gorgeous example of a woman below me. Metaphorically sitting back and letting her do what she wished was an easy decision to make.

Rin herself just murmured a little. "Please, excuse me." As she unbuckled my belt and pulled my pants down. Then, I had the incredibly affirming sight of her biting her lips and her blush growing brighter while she took in the tent in my boxers.

"… Aruji-sama." She whispered in a heavy breath. "Aruji-sama." I almost grunted at the sensation of her pressing her face against my bulge. "Aruji-sama is bigger." The vibrations of her muffled words sent tinglings up my spine.

It was a subject I cared little about, but yes, maybe it was because of my maturing body, or because of my rapid acquisition of physical stats over these last few days, but I was taller, wider, and generally bigger all around. As I said, I hadn't put much thought to it, but when Rin dragged the waistband of my underwear down and was smacked with something longer than her face, a deep wave of satisfaction washed over me.

"Ah..." The taimanin slowly breathed out as her eyes hazily inspected the throbbing piece of meat looming overhead. "This one might be a bit in danger."

To say that that stroke my fire would be an understatement.

"You're backing down?" I chuckled, my voice carrying a husky weight with it.

"Mm~" In response she leaned forwards and laid a sloppy kiss directly on my balls, making me grunt.

This was the start of a procession of kisses and nibbles delivered all over my shaft and ballsack. As her suckling lips and heated tongue passed over my flesh, leaving wet trails along the pulsing veins, her hands slowly rose on my legs, massaging my twitching muscles on their way.

There was the occasional sound of feminine appreciation as she began to linger more and more, her kisses dragging for longer periods, her tongue lapping more strongly. She made a concerted effort to coat my cock in her saliva, yet left the tip annoyingly unattended. That drew out noises of complaint from me, which left her visibly amused.

The sight of her there, clearly having fun as she drew the sensations for as long as possible - her pink, plump lips practically fused to my skin, her squirmy tongue dragging over my flesh - was part of the reason I didn't demand her to rush. She looked hot as hell, plain and simple, as maddening as her actions were, she knows how to keep me captivated.

"Ah~ look at this, Aruji-sama's truly pent up." She naughty whispered to my dick like she was telling it a secret like she wasn't the one that brought me to the brink in the first place.

Her hands joined the fray. Slender, feminine hands hiding a roughness under their warm skin that could only have come from years of handling deadly weapons. One of them warped her fingers around my base and began to tug, while the other gently, almost reverently, cupped my balls.

Fuck.

"This one shall take care of it." Was what I heard before the tip of my dick was sucked into a warm, eager little mouth.

Double fuck.

I tensed all over, groaning over the electrifying sensations shooting from below. The taimanin sunk herself into my length more and more in each bob, her tongue circling over my spongy head and then to my shaft, lapping away at the abundance of pre cum I was producing, her hand pumped away at the base in almost opposite rhythm, the other delicately massaged my balls, supernaturally knowing where and how much pressure she should apply to stimulate production and draw out some interesting sounds.

I forced my eyes to open, looking at the spectacle beneath. In contrast to the steady yet energetic movements of her tongue, Rin was bobbing her head in an almost lethargic, hypnotic pace, her lips formed a ring of pure pressure over my throbbing length as she pulled away her plump, suckling lips to show the gleaming hot flesh her tongue was working on, before sinking back on, engulfing more and more of me, inch by inch, centimeter by centimeter. All the while her heated gaze stayed locked upwards, somehow pulling me in, drinking all my reactions.

Shit, she wasn't even halfway there, but I knew I wouldn't last long.

"I'm close…" I rasped out more for politeness' sake. It was really obvious by the way the throbbing intensified, my leg muscles tensed, and my girth began to swell in size.

Rin let out a deep hum of appreciation and lunged her head forwards, passing over the halfway mark and lodging my member comfortably into her throat without so much of a gag. Then, she started to swallow, and it was at that point I couldn't hold it anymore.

I grunted and groaned in an almost animalistic way as I subconsciously thrust my hip forwards. Rin's loud swallowing noise echoed as I sent rope after rope of thick, creamy cum down her eager throat. The hums and loud gulps she was letting out only serve to milk me further.

Finally, after some small eternity I spent flowing in whiteness, the flow finally stopped. The taimanin continued her soft ministrations for one more round before pulling away from my softening cock with a satisfied "Guh~" A few bridges of saliva and other fluid still connected her lips to my member for one more second before they fell away.

Even then, the woman didn't let go of my dick, deciding instead to lay her cheek over my crotch close enough to lay little kisses on the base of my manhood while her nose tingled my pubic hair.

There she let out a long, amorous sigh, almost like a high school girl cuddling against her crush. My lips curled at that.

"Looks like I'm not the only one pent up,"

"This one is… very particular… with her duties…" She insisted between long, lazy kisses.

Part of me wished she was wearing lipstick so she could leave even more of a sexy mess all over my cock. Including some progression marks she could then work to surpass. The rest of me applauded that part and enshrined it as a hero.

The images the thought had provoked, naturally, set my blood on fire once more. Now, just to make some things clear; this body of mine could go from horribly mangled to fully recovered in a few minutes of rest, so, my refractory period is more of a suggestion than anything, no matter how big the orgasm.

"Oh my." Rin intoned seeing the pillar of masculine flesh rising to full height once again. "Aruji-sama is not yet satisfied."

Judging by the excited tinge on her calm tone, neither is she.

My taimanin slowly climbed to her feet, this time daring enough to drag my shirt along with her, placing kisses and nibbling all over my revealing torso. Her body was considerably hotter than before.

"This one shall work harder then..." She said under her heavy breath as she laid down on a last kiss on my collarbone. Then, with a smoldering look, she slipped away from my grip.

That taimanin uniform of her looked as complex as it was revealing, but removing it as a deceitfully simple task, as I've come to learn. A collection of hidden latches noisily popped open as she walked, and her heavier equipment fell down along the way.

She hummed softly looking around the room as her hands then peeled the latex-like material from her hot, sweaty form. "This won't do, at all. A mess on a tatami floor is harder to clean."

Naked like the day she was born and utterly dismissive of this fact, illuminated only by the flashy glow of the television screen on the side, the taimanin reached to my futon. And she made a damn show of it. Sashaying hips, dangling tits, arching back, bending over just enough to show a hint of a drenched prize. She somehow made the simple act of spreading a futon over the floor into something that would drive men mad.

"There." She said, spreading the last fold of the sheet before dropping the weight of her plush ass over her ankles as she got into a kneeling position. She opened her mouth to continue but found her back bumping against my chest as I let out a weighted breath. "Oh dear~."

"You." One of my arms snaked around her torso and I made sure to lodge it between the enormous globes of juicy meat that were her breasts as I reached for her face. My other arm went down, hand trailing over her massive ass and reaching from her burning, moist core from under her, making her squawk beneath my palm at the contact. "You've become cheekier in your absence. Teasing me to the breaking point like that."

The possessive hold I had on her cheeks had pitched her cocksucking lips forwards a little, so I felt the pouty little smile forming against my palm very clearly. She offers no verbal comment, however, just ground her hips over my other palm.

"Definitely cheekier." I huffed sternly on her ears, and she jumped a little as my fingers invaded her insides.

She was so wet she offered practically no resistance as my middle and ring finger as they made their way in and out of her. Her hips quivered as I started using the rest of my hand to apply pressure to her mons, moving the base of my attack from left to right, in strong, firm motions that forced her to follow.

My fingers started meeting resistance from her internal walls at that point, but if anything, it only increased the sensations, if the rising shakiness in her upper body and the muffled sounds she was letting out against my hand were any indications.

"Who's the one pent up again?" I chuckled darkly into her ears as felt a distinct series of clenches over my fingers. She whined a bit when I remove her favorite fingers out of her. "Bend over. I'll return the favor."

With that, I removed my hand from her face and gave her a tiny little push. She acted as I had bodily thrown her forwards and instantly raised her hips high to meet my demand, and dutifully spread herself before my eyes.

As one would expect, the center of Rin's femininity was just as gorgeous as the rest of her. Framed by wide, childbearing hips and a large, heart-shaped ass, her core consisted of a pair of fat, meaty outer lips that warped over a vividly pink snatch that constantly dripped with liquid, contributing to the flooding of the area. The charming little mole on the right side was like the last stroke of a world-class painting.

The smell of a woman in heat made me want to give in to my instinct and mount her right then and there, but I held myself back. Instead, I contented myself with light ministrations around the area as I pondered over how to go about breaking this bursting dam. A light massage over her inner tights, circling touches on the soft area of her plump limps, dragging the tip of my finger along her slit and teasing her entrance. The growing trembling and increasingly high-pitched moans of pure frustration almost had me prolonging it even further. But I wasn't that cruel.

She would cum no matter what I did, but that doesn't mean I shouldn't give my all. Pulling away for one second to position myself, I suddenly jabbed my index and middle finger deep into her.

Many women find any kind of contact with the entrance of their womb to be greatly uncomfortable. Rin was very much not one of those women. In fact, she was the enthusiastic opposite of that. So, the tip of my middle finger lodging itself into the area right above her cervix was like liquid thunder spreading all throughout her body. Before she could properly register the sensation, I lunged forwards and captured her fat little clit into my mouth, giving it a little sucking.

A bit overkill that last part, but she did get me off with her mouth; it'd be rude not doing the same.

"HIIIIIIII!" A hiss came from her other end as her fingers and palms failed to completely contain the sound. At the same time, a jet of female cum exploded around my hands and mouth, showering me with fluids that anime or hentai tropes had blessedly turned it sweet.

Really, who am I to question the biology of anime women on this occasion. I'm just thankful for the treat.

"Ahn! Ahn! MgnMuah! Ahnn! Mmmm! Ahnn~~!!" The sexy taimanin continued to grunt and moan as more and more fluids squirted from her. This time the bucking of her hips became a bit too violent so I released her clit for fear of hurting her. The lodged fingers were more than enough to draw out her orgasms just from being here and endure the crushing grips of her spasming walls.

I didn't want to drag this out for too long, however, so I pulled out and let her big, attractive hips collapse to the side in a twitching heap.

I blinked, just now noticing the notifications I had missed.

Sex Mastery leveled up!

Sex Mastery leveled up!

Ah, well, gamer power for the win, I guess.

"Are you ok, Rin?"

"Waga Aruji-sama"

If I wasn't fully erect and throbbing, Rin's words would have me up by the sheer passion they carried.

"Aruji-sama is not yet satisfied." She whispered, her tone clearly carrying multiple connotations, all of them hot and steamy.

Her eyes gleamed in the dark like a cat's and her body, her deliciously curvy body that could have belonged to a sex goddess undulated over the futon as she got to her back. The television's glow reflected over every patch of skin, every beat of sweat. Light and dark dancing and whirling over the wobbling of her colossal breasts moving and down in the rhythm of her pants. The contrast continued downwards, molding over her abdomen and revealing the deceitfully strong abs that were usually too faint to be seen with naked eyes. The shadows then danced over her legs as spread apart to reveal her needy, abused, infinitely appetizing sex.

"… P-Please… oh please… use your loyal kunoichi to fulfill your carnal desires, Aruji-sama, please, indulge in her sinful body for the time being, please, mark her as yours with your lordly rod, she needs it, please, she needs it so bad, please, please!"

There is not a man alive that would deny her after that.

I leaned into her reaching arms and went directly for her lips, as my tongue cut through her throaty moan, my hands reached up and possessively squeezed her vast tits. Below us, maybe due to my Sex Mastery skill, our sex aligned perfectly.

"Gah-Mmmmmmm~!"

The long, high-pitched gasp she let out as I penetrated her was swallowed by our kiss. Her body twitched and bucked under me for the invasion, and to my regret, I was forced to abandon her left breast and put a hand on the futon to steady myself for my next thrust.

I couldn't fit into her immediately as I could before. I must have grown more than I'd imagined. But at this point, Rin was simply too excited to feel any pain. She relished in the sensation of my invading gift stretching her apart even further than before, pulling her hot, sensitive flesh as far it could possibly go. Her body quaked mightily with each additional centimeter, a bit of her fluids gushing each time.

I tried to pace myself and give her time to adjust, but the moment she noticed I was slowing down she locked her legs behind my hips and simply pulled me all the way.

The results were explosive, to say the least.

Rin gasped away from our kiss, throwing her head upwards as her neck along with her entire back arched so much it almost took her out of the futon. Another outburst of warm fluids washed over our connected bodies, but I was too busy to notice any of that giving the walls of her pussy abruptly tried to crush my dick in the most pleasant way possible.

I grunted a moan myself and passed my left arm underneath her while letting my head slide over her sweaty breast to the valley between them, holding her in a half haphazard hug, while she trembled in the aftershocks.

I endured long enough she settled down a bit, her voice coming back to paint over her panted breaths and her back finally hitting the futon again. Before I began to fuck.

Because, honestly, I couldn't wait anymore.

She gasped in alarm as I pulled away from her molten core as much as I could from my position and then squealed when I came barging back in.

My desire to keep as much contact as possible prevented me from properly pound into her, that is, pulling back almost completely before hammering back down. But even the relatively short thrusts I managed to deliver while keeping my body draped over hers were having noticeable effects. The orchestra of moans she was singing in response to my thrusting was proof enough.

The reason for this was simple enough. Before, I was able to comfortably touch Rin's cervix, and that was enough to slowly drive her crazy over time, but now, with my new size and length, I was pushing her cervix in, practically demanding entrance in her deepest place sometimes, and it also helps that I could angle my thrust to batter precisely the spots she liked the most.

The result spoke for themselves.

"Ah! Aih! GGuah! Ah-AH~!" The glory of the sound Rin was making as she threw her head around was only matched by the wet, slapping, and squelching noises of our hips and sex impacting together. Both were sending jolts of pure electricity down my veins.

Finally finding some semblance of control, I pulled my upper body away just a bit. I just… needed to see her right now, and I wasn't disappointed.

Without my head to anchor them, her mighty breasts bounced up and down, producing their own slapping sounds over her chin and ribs, her arms were spread apart holding on for dear life – with one of these holds being on my biceps, which I only notice now. But her face, her elegant, angelic face of a Yamato Nadeshiko who had simply given up keeping her composure and now was riding deeply in the throes of pleasure was simply majestic.

Somehow, she managed to focus enough to notice me, and I quickly found myself being pulled back down, a dopey little smile pressing against my mouth. Grunting, I promptly dove closer to her once again, and deepened the kiss, even if this kind of broke the rhythm of my thrusts.

Turns out this didn't matter, as just my length being completely buried inside her, putting strong, consistent pressure on the entrance of her womb was enough to set her off again.

"F -Fuck!" Echoed my own gasp amidst her louder moans. There was no enduring this one, every single one of the internal muscles in her orgasming pussy seems determined to milk my length. Pulling back was not an option either, given the way her legs clamped around my hips.

The taimanin have a jutsu for preventing pregnancy, I suddenly remember, and that was the thing that made me let go directly against the mouth of her womb.

A deep shudder passed through us both as the action seems to trigger some buried instincts within. With a long primal groan, I slapped my hands over her hips and almost painfully pulled her even closer, trying to somehow fuse us together. With a happy moan, her legs unfolded like a pair of wings, tremblingly spreading apart from my sides and shaking with the profound impacts of my subconscious thrusts. Her hips bucked with mine as if drinking deeply from the thick, white geyser I was pouring inside her.

It was only when I had filled her to the brim, to the point that some of my seed overflowed from our connected genitals. That our bodies finally, finally calmed down.

Sex Mastery leveled up!

I fell over her, shamelessly using her right breast as a pillow. My weight didn't seem to affect her as she continue to limply pull heavy gulfs of air, raising and lowering her chest, and my head in the process. I was in a similar state, maybe a little less limp, but my mind was wiped clean for the moment, saved maybe for the faint regret I was feeling as I watched the wave of the pale-skinned, sweaty mountain that was her left breast, its beautiful rosy peak standing proudly at the summit.

I should have played with her breasts some more.

For a while, we just stayed here, sharing warmth between our bodies and getting our breaths under control. Just as I was beginning to think again, I felt Rin moving her hand over my head, caressing my dishevel, raven-colored locks.

"That was…" I heard her start, but she trailed off. So I finished for her.

"Intense."

The vibrating purr of pure, feminine satisfaction made me smile a silly little smile, not gonna lie.

Still, best get out of there before I fall asleep and use her nearest nipple as a pacifier, or something. Not that this didn't sound pretty amazing.

Pushing my upper body upwards – With Rin's arms lazily dragging over me with the movement, caressing and massaging whatever they could reach – I finally seat up after what it felt like a while and— Damn.

To say Rin was a mess didn't do it justice, especially not when talking about her lower half. A glistening layer of sweat, skin so pink it practically glowed, bite and scratch marks all over her breasts that I didn't even remember leaving, moist, softly smiling lips, red and swelled, ready for another round of kissing or cocksucking, a curtain of cobalt hair that had long since escaped from her ponytail crowing around her head, arms lazily flopped upwards, somehow drawing even more attention to the majesty that was her torso, and her eyes… hm…

Her eyes were focused on me with a laser-like, burning intensity. Like the rest of the world had suddenly ceased to exist away leaving only me behind… And, err, they were also glowing with tiny hearts.

… Alright.

I leaned forwards and over her, bringing our faces close together. Her smile grew and grew as I approached but otherwise, she didn't move a single muscle.

From up close, I could see that the little hearts were situated inside her pupils, they were uncannily perfect like some machine had precisely cut them from the aether to fit snuggly into Rin's pupils. They also glowed a little bit, but at the same time didn't emit any light? I also couldn't, for the life of me, tell if they were pink or white, and it wasn't the case of the colors fluctuating or anything, I literally couldn't tell.

I…I guess, hentai tropes, confirmed? Or weird biology in anime women, or— I don't know, but you can fuck little hearts into someone's eyes if you try hard enough, I suppose.

"Waga Aruji-sama… you're staring." My taimanin serenely reported, her voice trembling with the underlines of a laughter.

"Ah… Sorry about that."

Her giggles in her Yamato Nadeshiko mode sounded like jingling bells. I quite enjoyed them, I also enjoyed what it did to her breasts.

"Ah!" And of course, that caused her to gasp mid-giggling fit, feeling my member stiffening inside her once again. "Oh my~, still not satisfied, Aruji-sama? Your virility knows no bound, as expected, kukuku."

She placed her hands just beneath her breasts, sensually dragging them downwards over her form, making sure my eyes were following her movements before she stopped over her lower abdomen. There was an impression of my buried member beginning to form there once again, it was nothing like before, but it was getting more and more noticeable. Her massaging the area only accelerated the progress.

"Come on Aruji-sama, don't be shy. Please pour all your needs into this kunoichi's slutty little hole. She shall bear it all, as she should."

Crap she figured out a sure-fire way to get me going. And the little minx knew that too, her heart-shaped eyes were full of mirth.

Oh yeah, the hearts, I… Fuck it, don't care. Whatever it is it can wait for tomorrow when I can think clearly. I was just too fucking horny and euphoric right now, frankly, all I want to do is to rail down this pretty taimanin till she forgets how to walk!

So, I pushed her legs up as far as they could go – pretty damn far, it turned out, taimanin were flexible as hell – steady my feet on the tatami floor and pulled my hips back till I had only my swollen tip inside her, before I piston back into her sloppy, tight insides in the opening move of a long, loud, messy, and very memorable mating press.

Thank God the landlady downstairs was practically deaf and could sleep through an earthquake. Whoever got me this apartment, I applaud your foresight.



A/n: LEWDS FOR THE LEWD GOD!

Also yeah, I'm introducing a some hentai tropes into the story, but I won't be going into the classic approach of just mind breaking girls, for Hiroshi is just another set of tropes he can experiment, manipulate, and play around with.

What I mean is that yes, he can fuck hearts into someone, that's actually pretty fucking hard to do, it only happen because there was serveral factors into play here, the main one is that Rin already wanted to submit herself to him, followed by Hiroshing being in the exact size and girth to drive her crazy, knowing the spot she likes, actually driving her fucking crazy, and his Hax gamer system increasing his Sex Mastery midcoitus.

Also I don't intent for the hearts to change Rin's personality, if she seemed a little off to you at the end it wasn't because of the hearts, it was because her brain was swimming in an ocean of Oxytocin and it was making her a bit doppy.

Now for anyone who forgot Rin's apparence and her tiny uniform:

Spoiler: Uehara Rin

Hayate tried to get her in a more resonable uniform, he tried.

Fun fact, Hiroshi was right at the end, Taimanin are very flexible, their bodies are just made for a good mating press.

Spoiler: Mating press, imminent
Last edited: Jan 25, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,143 others
Adudefromthesea
Jan 24, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude II-a
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 10, 2022
Add bookmark
#13,425
This takes place sometime during the two week period between the last chapter and the next, if you're wondering.



Interlude II-a





He remembers when things used to be simple.

Go to a new place, train like hell to develop his art, meet new people, fight them, then go to another place and do it all again, rinse and repeat.

Putting it like that made it sound stupid; he hated how it gave that impression but there was really no other way to put it. There was more to it, of course there was, but that was pretty much the core of it; the most important thing. The rest was just noise, entertaining noise, annoying noise, sometimes necessary noise, but just noise.

Things aren't that simple anymore.

The core was still the same, but there wasn't that much noise anymore. Stuff not related to his art could not be easily dismissed— no, he found himself not wanting to dismiss them.

He discovered that he actually liked studying of all things, not sitting in a classroom while an old guy droned on at the front, that just put him to sleep, but having someone who had magically memorized the entire curriculum shout lessons at him while they fought was a pretty fun way to study, nothing beats associating his punches and kicks to math problems or geography facts. For the first time in his life, he had more money he knew what to do with, and that lead him to experience the incredibly empowering feeling of seeing something you like or a nice-looking place to eat and just go and get it, no fanfare, no bullshit, no need to challenge someone for food, cash or service– though he still did it on occasion for the fun of it – or get into one of his pop's schemes to get resources. Friends weren't just some randoms he could have meaningless conversations with to pass the time anymore, they actually listen to what he said, go the extra mile simply because they wanted to help him, look at him like he was a better person than he actually was and make him want to strive to meet their expectation…

His opponents also aren't what they used to be. They were creatures of claws, fangs, blades, and much, much worse. Losing to them doesn't just mean a wounded pride anymore.

He felt his skin prickling at the thought, it distracted him just long enough to have a kick break past his improperly raised guard, a naked heel brushed painfully against his temple.

"Hah! Are you going daft, boy!? Has losing affected you so much!?" His shitty old man pirouetted over his counter and into the air, making a point to land on a higher part ceiling. "RANMA! You shame your father with your weakness!!!"

"Shut up, old man!!!"

Ranma was on to him immediately, his body flowing in movements and patterns that had been long carved into his very soul, not caring one bit if solid ground was below him, above him, or going sideways in a spiral around him, his racing mind considered, calculated and deciphered over a thousand moves from the smallest hints and impression, his ki circled inside him, flaring and waving according to his subconscious will. His whole being put at work for a single purpose—

And few of that even reached the conscious part of his mind. His long-honed instincts took care of most of the work leaving him to focus on the most important thing— like an experienced driver pushing aside all the hundred little nuances it takes to operate a car and focusing only on driving.

And that most important thing he was wholly focused on was, of course, kicking his shitty father's ass.

"HAH! HAYH! AH!" Ranma let out battle cries like a steam engine let out steam, his barrage of attacks only accelerating as he pressed on.

"OUHH! HAH! HYYY!!" Yet Genma met him on even grounds, parring, avoiding, and countering everything Ranma threw at him.

The pig-tailed martial artist growled as his efforts did not yield the expected result. Pops has gotten faster again, he cursed inwardly.

With all their banter, all their bickering, all the time he managed to physically fight him off, it was easy to forget that his old man was a genuine master at his craft and really knew his shit when it came to fighting. Usually, trading blow with him wouldn't be difficult but then, out of nowhere, there were these times where his abilities would just suddenly spike, and Ranma was left scrabbling to catch up.

On a base level, Ranma understood that the point was to catch up, to get good so he could reach that stabilizing point again. What the old man was doing right now was trying to light a fire under his ass so he could break through his current limits, like he had done so many times in the past.

Or he was doing it to rub Ranma's recent loss in his face. It pissed him off all the same.

"STAY PUT, OLD MAN!!"

"MAKE ME, BOY, HAHAHAHA!!!"

He hated when that happened; being able to match his pops and then suddenly not, to fail and fail, again and again. It made him feel like shit, like a loser, like all his past training had been for nothing. He wondered if seeing his reaction was the reason the old man let him get comfortable in the first place, it seemed like something the bastard would do— and yet he keeps failing for it each damn time!

Hiroshi doesn't, his mind thundered with the realization, when that guy hits a wall he just—

Smile.

Ranma's leg shot from under him, and his feet noisily dug a long line at the tiled ceiling, arresting the strong momentum he was thrown into. This time he didn't immediately leap back into action.

Use your head, idiot! Don't just rush in! Do something he would never expect!

He was working on something like that, wasn't he?

He inhaled a long breath, stoically bringing up some memories he didn't like recalling. The smell of rotting flesh filling his lungs in each panting breath, the world shattering around him by an endless volley of unseen slashes, putting on a brave face over the possibility of really dying, his best friend sitting armless against a half-collapsed pillar, bleeding like a damn fountain. He relived it all in a second.

His exhaling breath came out as a long, icy mist.

"TOO SLOW!!!"

For the first time since the fight started, he clearly saw his father coming.

Ranma didn't feel victorious for it, or even smug for getting the move right this time around, he kept a tight rein on these emotions for he knew they would mess with the cold tranquility he finally managed to recreate. He saw his father going for a fast and vicious strike to the chest he was painfully familiar with; it never failed to take him out in his female form – He forced his annoyance down – He knew how hard it would be to avoid it with the speeds it was traveling, but he could easily parry it.

Impossibly, he saw what he, by all means, shouldn't have; the strike underneath the strike, one meant to humble him after the parry. And he knew exactly what to do.

His father's fist was sent to soar above him as he twisted his whole body with the parry and then blocked the under layered kick in the same movement. Still riding through the complex momentum, he shot his arm upwards, delivering his first right at the center of his father's surprised face.

A pair of round glasses were knocked flying, and a fat body abruptly bent backward— grazing hit, shit—

The old man's foot impacted against his chin, loudly making his teeth clap together before sending him flying. That was good, actually, rushing winds and high altitudes were something that felt intimately familiar to him, it never failed to help him center himself. With his head not plagued by disorientation, he straightened his form mid-air and landed at the edge of the Tendo's rooftop. The world wobbled around a bit when he had something solid under his foot, so he stayed crouched low to not show his lack of balance.

Shitty old man with his shitty underhanded tactics!

Got a hit in though.

"Bahahaha! So that's what you've been doing, hein?" Aggravatingly enough, Genma didn't even look angry, and his glasses were back on his face somehow. Damn. "I'd never thought you'd stumble into that! And without guidance too! Haha, as expected of my son!"

Ranma couldn't believe the gall of that asshole, "What you're on about, pops!? I'm makin' that technique myself!!" He tried to stand, only to almost stumble forwards. What the heck was that kick!?

"Is that what you believe? Naïve!" Genma huffed, crossing his arms over his chest. The proud grin still insufferably on. "No Ranma, the technique you managed to discover had already been made, in fact, several styles have variations of it in their arsenal, including ours, of course. In every single one of them, it is considered an advanced technique." He chuckled.

Ranma grumbled and stomped his foot on the rooftop tiles, finally steading the wobbling in his head. His mood soured as he learned that he wasn't treading unexplored grounds, but the thought of an advanced technique intrigued him. Right now, it was exactly what he needed.

"Teach me." Naturally, he demanded.

"Humph!" The older martial artist snorted, throwing his shoulders with a laugh. "Arrogant, aren't you? Don't you remember that you lost! What makes you think you are worthy of it?"

"It's exactly because I lost." Ranma's fists paled as he tightened his grip before he eased up. "…That I need to learn it."

Genma lost his smile, looking at his son with a judging, analytical gaze for a few long moments. Then, he sighed, shaking a derisive hand. "Mah, mah, if you're going to keep playing around with it, might as well show you how it's done."

The older man thrust his hands forward, his palms folded inwards. Then, slowing, he waved his arms in a blossoming spiral, his legs mirroring his movements under him. All while a long "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" resonated out of his mouth.

"HAH!" With a last, exhaling breath, he finished getting into position.

Ranma… had never seen pops like this before. Locked in one of Anything Goes' many starting kata, his every muscle rigid with tension, his face glaring ahead with focus so intense veins on his forehead were clearly popping up, his mouth trembling as it struggled against what appears to be a rather unhinge sneer.

"Come at me, Ranma!"

He felt himself hesitating, the old man was looking almost intimidating for once. Resolving to take this observation to his grave, he hid his reaction behind a deep frown and an accusatory finger.

"Oi, that's not what I do at all!" He recalled the state of mind he had to get into to bring forth the cold even for a fleeting moment. "It's like, the opposite of what I'm doing."

Genma boomed with a short laugher, one that showed a lot of teeth. "My ki is the complete opposite of yours, boy! Now come! Or I will go to you!"

Ranma closed off his expression and almost instinctive got into a fighting stance himself. The intent behind Genma's words was clear, there would be no more talking.

Leaping forward in a burst of speed that would boggle the normal human's eye, Saotome Ranma went on the attack.

Then he tried again.

And again.

And again.

It was like hittin' a giant bounce ball. Ranma's mind made the odd connection after a few minutes of getting absolutely nowhere. Only I'm the one who bounces.

It wasn't strange to see his father parrying his attacks, in fact, that's what the old man had been doing earlier for the most part. But Ranma never experienced anything like this. His attacks weren't being parried they were being freaking deflected. No matter how fast he moved, how much power he put behind it, how unorthodoxly he chose to strike, his father slapped away all his efforts, his hands always seem to be at the exact place they need to be to intercept him and fling him away, and worse, he did so trivially, like it took barely any thought.

And of course, he did all of that while also loudly insulting him and criticizing his efforts, the bastard.

Ranma tried to use the constant flipping in his favor, bouncing back to the next attack the instant he hit the ground, he tried for odd angles and improvised strikes, he tried to deliberately not think about attacking and let his instinct do all the work – a cheeky trick he used against a psychic chick a few years back on Hokkaido – but none of that even came close to working. Absolutely nothing was getting past Genma's guard.

He even had the momentary impression that shitty old man had up the scales again. Abruptly putting more distance between their levels to make a point. But no, that wasn't it, his abilities and physical attributes remained the same, it was the way he moved that had changed.

"HAHAHA! SO, BOY HAVE YOU FIGURED OUT YET!?" Genma boomed, clearly relishing the opportunity to teach some humility to his arrogant son.

Ranma bit back the creative curse he had on the tip of his tongue – he'd picked up a bunch of new ones lately as consequences of hanging with crazy delinquents – and had to visibly restrain himself. Lowering his trembling fists, he actually got out of the fighting stance and spoke before his father had the opportunity to gloat about that.

"You're controllin' an entire area around you, 'bout the length of your arm, everythin' that breach this radius you can sense it and counter without any problem or wasted movements."

"AS IF—" Genma stumbled in his words and nearly physically stumbled himself. The oppressive intensity of his battle aura left him at the same instant. "I mean." He loudly cleared his throat, his fist over his mouth. "Yes, of course! Getting it right the first time, as expected of my son. Now the merits of this technique…"

Ranma only half-listened as Genma droned on, he was too busy thinking.

Now that he had a reference, it was clear that it really was the move that he managed to pull off against spider brat – He'd been privately hoping that it wasn't and that he really stumbled into something new, but ah well – He remembered that It wasn't nearly as stable as what his pops just showed, but he did manage to get a better feel of the paranormal assault coming his way and found himself managing to avoid it so well that he didn't get any more injury past that point – though the piece of arm bone lodged inside the little monster probably helped. Seriously, an arm bone!? How much badass can you get – He forced himself to focus on how would he deal with it, what are the weaknesses? Because the old man sure as hell wasn't going to tell him until he learned, as it took away the chance to bully him some more. He guessed the legs, the old man pretty much turtled up while using the thing, so maybe an attack to the stance, or the foundation, or the ground under him. Ranma doubted Kasumi or the tomboy would appreciate another hole in their roof though.

"And that boy." Genma trail off, clearly setting off a dramatic reveal. "Is Seikūken."

"Seikūken?" Ranma repeated while tilting his head, it had a cool name at least.

Genma gave two sagely nods. "I was planning to teach you eventually. But I didn't know how well you'd take to it giving your preference to bouncing around like a blasted hummingbird but if you've already taken the first step…"

"Yeah." Ranma hadn't paid complete attention, but he did listen to that part of the lesson. The requirement to stay put to draw out the best of the technique did crash heavily with his preferred fighting method. He'd already made up his mind though, so it didn't matter. He'd come up with something later.

"I'm ready." He said, falling into a stance.

"Hum!" Genma nodded. "Very well. First, clear your mind!"

He was doing that already! Shitty old man.

And so, Ranma listened to the instruction, internalized the lesson, and began to practice. He practiced between the continuous jeering and insults his father threw at him – though he gave just as much as he took, and he did listen to the legit feedback – He practiced under the oppressive heat of the sun as it slowly made its way across the sky. He practiced over the many calls for his attention and incessant feminine shouting from below. He practiced through the hours and the turning of day and night.

As the lights of the next day began to punch through the Nerima's skyline, Ranma continued moving across the Tendo's house's rooftop with steady steps. His hand flowed around him, forming a geometrically perfect radius that was almost visible to see, so clearly he had made it. Then, he proceeded to try to change its size and shift its center, almost like a child playing around with a new toy.

He deflected a hundred thousand blows, from simple crushing punches to complex, weaving formations that had once broken his bones and bruised his body.

He battered away a thousand common, unusual, and downright crazy weapons that had once bitten deeply into his skin and drew his blood.

He countered a hundred bestial assaults, of teeth, of claws, of fangs, and manta ray stings, all that had once lunged for his most vulnerable, vital parts and left him reeling.

He dealt with an angry bokken, ultra-heavy umbrella, odd dancing kicks, and a baseball bat that was starting to pack a lot of punch.

In the end… he faced the tentacles that had bound his wrists, crawled over his flesh, ripped through his clothes, and made him feel things a true man should never feel, yanking pathetic sounds out of his throat and making his eyes water in humiliation—

And he pushed them back.

After an entire day of constant movement, Saotome Ranma finally stopped. The Seikūken not only fully learned but fully mastered.

"Humu!" Genma let out a stoic hum of acknowledgment. He didn't stay the entire time, of course, Soun wasn't going to beat himself at shogi, but by a stroke of luck he managed to be here when the boy finally got it. "About time, boy!"

Ranma took a few moments to get his breathing under control, and then he turned to his father to insult him and rub his recent achievement on his face. His remark died on his lips as he zeroed in on the tray sitting beside the old man.

"Ah yes, Akane took the time to leave this here after you missed dinner, boy. You should be grateful!" It was actually Kasumi who cooked and took the stairs to bring it here, but the truth sometimes needed to be embroidered for the greater good.

"Yeah, yeah whatever." Spoke Ranma with his attention focused solely on one thing and already kneeling in front of it. A big, silly grin spilt his face. "Itadakimasu!" He cried out happily before pulling the cover.

"But you were taking too long so I ate it in your stead," Genma informed in the same beat.

This... Shitty... Bastard!

In all honesty, Ranma was too damn tired to start a confrontation like he normally would, so he just promptly told his father to go fuck himself and laid down beside the empty tray, keeping it between them. Genma gave him an odd look for his unexpected use of the English language, but didn't make any comment.

The two just stayed there for a while, watching the sun slowly appear on the horizon.

Genma was letting out puffs of smoke, Ranma could help but notice. When was the last time he saw pops smoking? Years at least. Ranma was amazed he still had that ugly little pipe.

"Ranma." Pops started with his serious voice, it made him want to roll his eyes. "Do not seek revenge against that creature."

W-What— He knows!?

But he hadn't told him he hadn't told anybody. He'd said he lost a big fight he made Hiroshi swear he wouldn't tell, he shouldn't know, couldn't know!

Ranma was on his feet within instants.

"You know!? How do you know!? You know about them!? About NOMAD!?"

His father's eyes boggle at him and his sudden barrage. "How in the world did you—!" He choked, but then shook his head and threw his arm to the side. "No matter! Ranma! As your father, I forbid you to go after them!!"

Ranma felt the creaking of something pulled taut at the back of his head.

"As if!" He exploded. "Do you even know what they do to people!?" Ranma's mind raced, he considered every possibility, every past interaction he could remember. A particular stretch of skin on his arms going up to his chest and then up to his neck and down to his belly was prickling intensely, it only made him more agitated. "You do know somethin', don't you!? Tell me!"

"I will not!!!" Genma practically roared, having also jumped to his feet to face his son. A complex mixture of emotion boiled to his expression, most of all anger. "Foolish boy! If you know to this extent you should have an idea of the scale of what you're trying to do! You can't solve everything by punching it Ranma!"

"I know that! I'm not stupid!" He hated when people thought he was. "I'm goin' to be smart about it, pops! Properly prepare myself and everythin', and guess what!? Everythin' you share will help immensely with that. So, spill already!"

Genma crossed his arms, his face implacable. "I will not endorse this foolishness! Ranma! You should focus only on marrying Akane, joining the schools, and getting stupidly wealthy!"

"So that's what this is really about!"

Their argument continued, growing louder with every thrown insult. It got to the point that people in the vicinity started taking notice – usually by being rudely awakened by it – and at the end, Genma and Ranma were quite literally butting heads and growling at each other.

Amazingly enough, the shouting match didn't end up with them trading blows, practically a miracle as far as the two were concerned. Instead, Genma simply stopped pressing his forehead against his son's – nearly making Ranma topple over – inhaled a long breath, and then let it out slowly. Flashes of an internal conflict crossed in his eyes for a single moment before he steadied himself. "Enough! I will hear no more about this matter!" He held his hands on his back like he was some kind of respectable master or something, and then turned away from his son before he could rebuke. "You should use what you learned and cool off. Come talk to me once you cease this madness."

Ranma couldn't believe this; he was walking away. His father didn't walk away, he transformed every losing argument into a surprise attack or a sudden throw. Ranma has been preparing for exactly that since the shouting started. Yet now he was looking at the old man's back as he retreated.

He called him a coward, hulled more insults, but the old bastard showed no signs he had even heard it, not even an angry flinch on his shoulders or a pause in his steps. It was so unlike him Ranma questioned if this really was his pops.

Real or not, he dropped down from the rooftop, leaving Ranma alone with his thoughts.

He did not want to be alone with his thoughts

He began pacing around the roof, tensing and relaxing his fists, trying to force his breaths into a rhythm. He had been dealing well with all this bullshit; demons who use underhanded tactics and wanted to rape you more than kill you, a secret evil organization of them operating in the dark, turning people into freaking sex slaves, a group of ninjas in tights that were fighting them for generations. Alright, ok, he got it, he sees that this requires finesse, he can't just rush in if he wanted to deal with them like he vowed he would, he had to prepare himself and learn more about his enemy… But never in his life he would have thought pops of all people would know something about them, it made them feel too close, it made him feel sick, made him want to throw up, made h-Fuck no he was not crying who said anything about crying fuck you!!!!!

His paled fists began to ache as his fingernails bit through his skin. He just wanted to punch them so bad… so bad… he… he had to make up for…

He vigorously shook his head, trying to prevent the raw memories to come, but they crawled back anyway, slipping past the tight hold he was keeping than in. And he was there again, skin burning against too many clothes, lightning running through his spine, blurred vision, and stupid sloshy head that was focusing on all the wrong things in the middle of a damn battlefield and making him think and act all weird.

Hiroshi with his wide, powerful, hard-to-look-away back was ahead of him, always ahead, never slowing down no matter what the creature threw at him, moving at a pace Ranma found himself struggling to match.

And in the end, he couldn't. He'd fallen down to his knees while his best friend continued ahead, Ranma wasn't able to be there for him when he needed, even after everything he'd done for him.

What good is he for then, if he can't keep up with Hiroshi in a fight? He has nothing else to offer.

Ranma's right fist crashed on his own face as he used the impact to get out of this damn mental spiral. He had no time to whine or feel sorry about himself. Damn it! this must be the lack of sleep speaking. He was getting soft, the Ranma of the past who could function for three days straight while running from crazy purple-haired Chinese chicks would have laughed at him.

He had lost, simply that. As difficult as it was to associate this whole mess with a normal loss, he revolved himself to do exactly that. Because if it was a loss then he could compartmentalize it and deal with it. He knew what to do then; calm the heck down, look back on what you did, find your mistakes and fix them, train, train harder, train even harder, get stronger, get faster, get wiser, develop his art.

Ranma finally stopped pacing. Only then noticed he had fallen back to doing his newly mastered kata while he moved. His Seikūken forming a barrier as solid as any shield around him.

It was not enough, he realized, the Seikūken was not enough.

Hiroshi will have three new types of bullshit by the next time they met, Ranma just knew it. Who was he if he didn't strive to match him? No- that's loser talk, he was Saotome Ranma, damn it, he will surpass him!

He shall master eleven new moves by their next meeting!

But how, though? He had mastered pretty much every move he knew so he didn't really have anything he needed to work on, plus, he doubted his pops would be willing to teach him something else right now, not without a good bribe, at least. Ack! How the heck does Hiroshi does this again!?

… By plainly asking people to teach him. And with a straight face too.

Ranma recalled that the fact Hiroshi didn't have a single master had boggled his mind when they first met, before he just kinda rolled with it. Like, could this even be done? Wouldn't the people he learned from be angry that he was learning from someone else? … Though now that he thought about it, Hiroshi was learning from him too, right? And Ranma didn't feel particularly angry at his going to someone else, so… it works?

It did work, Hiroshi was living proof of it. Ranma didn't have to restrict himself to his father or rely on the things he picked up himself, he also didn't need his direction and permission on what to learn, as long as he didn't become the disciple of somebody else.

Probably.

Maybe.

Ranma decided to go with that logic.

But who the heck could he… He didn't need to even ask; his mind had already provided the answer.

A gorgeous Amazonian form wearing little more than the scraps of underwear came to the forefront of his mind. The same terrible cocktail that had made him falter instead made her lash out, and from her fists came fire.

He often found himself thinking about that image, ever since that night, going through the what-ifs or just… thinking about her, the way she moved, her perseverance… This only served to solidify his decision on his mind.

So, with a determined expression, he stepped to the edge of the rooftop and curled his legs in preparation to leap to the next one.

He had someone to track down.

GROWLLLL!!!

… After he get something to eat… and maybe changed out of his clothes, he was sweaty as hell.

Can't meet a pretty girl like that, he knew that much at least.



A/N: Next part of this Interlude, Interlude II-b, comes out tomorrow!

Oh yeah lads, you're about to have a good couple of days
Last edited: Feb 12, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Jul10, Sidrakil and 1,302 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 10, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude II-b
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 11, 2022
Add bookmark
#13,625
This takes place in the two weeks period between the last chapter (Chapter 16) and the next (Chapter 17)


Interlude II-b






The chosen area was well away from the usual traffic of people, yet a few stragglers still litter about. A young couple whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears, an older gentleman proudly walking his dog, a bare-footed mailman who appeared to be running away from a gang of feral hamsters…

She patiently waited while one by one they all inevitably drifted away from the place, the effects of the ward gentling nudging them to be somewhere else. When the area was finally free of people, she descended on the center of the little park.

Wearing her uniform in an open area in broad daylight was a bit disconcerting. She was a creature of the night and dark corners, of deep shadows and blind spots, yet she was learning to find enjoyment on these little tasks that took her beyond her usual expertise's, especially considering whom they are usually for.

She quietly walked across the place until she felt it all around her, the sudden warmth on the palm of her hands, the tingling on her neck, the brush against her deeper senses.

An Oumagatoki. Or Twilight Gate, as she was taught; a name honoring the first encounter of her brethren… her old brethren with the creature-phenomenon eras ago. It was said that their first warriors were taken to a land of eternal twilight where they assisted in a war between a fair orange-haired princess and a mad child-like priest, for their help they'd received gift untold, and many clans still chart the more bestial manifestations of their unique abilities to these gifts.

Certain that she was in the right place, she knelt to the ground and gently set the precious package beside her, then, she peeled off her gauntlets and neatly placed them on the opposite side.

Knowing what was expected this time around, she had time to prepare, as fine wounds along her arm indicated. She pressed her right thumb on the wound further from her left hand, just enough to stimulate the blood and have it fill up the mythical shape carved on her skin. Once the first glyph was filled, a fine line of blood impossibly traveled upwards, to the following glyph, and so it continued until it reached her wrist.

She had heard this method be called barbaric before, but it was how she was taught, and what she personally prefers; it was quick to set it up and activate and it left absolutely no vestiges behind or while going in, so it was perfect for getting in and out swiftly and undetected. Besides, the wounds were so finely cut they would heal by the end of the day anyway and no kunoichi worth her salt would let something like that impair her movements, so the complaint was mostly from people who were squeamish at the sight of blood.

Once all the glyphs were filled on both of her arms, she locked her hands together and moved them in a quick series of hand seals, while also pulling in invisible particles of the Twilight Gate inside herself in each breath and exhaling them in a muttered mantra. Within two seconds, the world shifted.

All background noise of an urban dwelling in constant movement suddenly stopped, a thin sheet of mist was now surrounding the park, and even the sunlight changed into something the most perceptive eyes could tell was artificial.

She allowed herself a soft smile for her success. Soon, her gauntlets were back in their proper place, and the vital package secured under her arm. Sensing no immediate danger, she leaned forwards a bit and in a single, blindly fast movement, launched herself into the air.

The view of this place never failed to take her breath away, a perfect representation of the Nerima Ward spread as far as the eye could see, sometimes a painting-like display of oppressive darkness and cold gloominess, with large clouds of mist swallowing everything like great, looming beasts, other times, like today, the mist was kept near the ground and the sun was allowed to shine, spearing the world with casting prismatic rays of light that crested over the layer of empty buildings jutting out from the white, misty sea below. Had she had a more poetic soul, she could contemplate the sight and draw entire compositions from its beauty. Still, admiring the view wasn't why she was here; her task was much more important.

So, with the lightest tap of her heels, she bounced from rooftop to rooftop faster than the eye could follow looking for her charge. It did not take long at all.

He was sitting at the edge of a low rooftop of a familiar building, holding something in his hands while his legs slowly kicked at the misty lake covering the streets below. From a single glance, she could tell he was relaxed, happy, his heavy jacket and baseball bat lying haphazardly at his side as a low hum escaped his lips. His good mood was clear for all to see.

A sure indication he was fresh from his lessons with one Lucretia Zola.

She had several reservations about this arrangement. She had consulted with a few of her remaining contacts and a few of her new ones about that woman. In Europe, she was known for being a powerful and well-established magic user, but that was expected, no one willingly took the title of 'witch' without being capable of pulling their own weight. What worried her wasn't what Lucretia Zola was known for, it was what she was rapidly becoming famous for. Rumors about her exploits travel far and wide; the acquisition of lost artifacts, the unraveling of forbidden spells, the dealings with Divine Ancestors…

A witch involved with Deities and Devil Kings. She doesn't know how things were done in foreign lands, but in Japan, there was a reason groups that dealt too deeply with that were kept isolated for the most part. Trouble, they always bring a tremendous amount of trouble.

Plus, he always looks so joyful and fulfilled after time spent with that woman. It's suspicious, she says, suspicious!

But, alas, she's nothing but her lord's loyal kunoichi, she could do nothing else other than promptly inform him of her discoveries. His continuous association with the suspicious witch was his decision, she had no choice but to respect it and make contingencies.

Pushing these thoughts from her mind before they soured her mood further, she appeared beside him, kneeling on the proper respectful stance.

"Waga Aruji-sama." She quietly announced her presence. Perfectly hiding the tingling feeling these words never failed to cause. Too many memories of giggling fantasies shared by apprentices kunoichi in the dead of the night.

"Rin!" The warmth in his voice could melt her away and his smile did somethings to her insides. "Check this out."

He moved his hand to show her what he was holding. Rin cocked her head to the side as she tried to make sense of what she was seeing; rather than something solid, his hands were clucking a collection of… fiery earth? No, not that, looking closely, it appeared to be a collection of little floating bubbles, some deep orange and clearly on fire, like the flickering fire of a lit candle separated from its wax body, others solid brown and molded together, like pieces of mud or clay.

"The particular style of magic Lucretia is teaching me involves calling forth spirits to help with spell casting. But the thing is, they aren't really spirits. They are more like tiny bits of your own mana that you eject outside your body during the spell chanting, these bits then absorb natural elements from the world and are drawn back within yourself, so by the time you finish the chant you have these charged bits of mana that enhance just about everything in the resulting spell formation, so even a basic fire spell can pack a lot of punch if you use the 'spirits' correctly. That got me thinking, if I'm ejecting mana during the chant to power it up for a second or two, what if I eject mana independently of the chant, power it up first, then carry it along to use it later." He theatrically opened his hands, letting the… little elemental spirits fly off. They didn't float very far, seemly satisfied to just hang in the air or start orbiting around them like a bunch of odd little fireflies. "Ta ram! It was way harder than I'd anticipated, but Lucretia did say I had a weird talent for moving mana outside my body." He leaned back, placing his hand on the ground for support, his head tilted to look up at the circling spirits. "I'm thinking of calling them sprites." He said contently.

Rin's eyes calmly regarded a tiny little fire spirit- sprite that was drifted close to her face. It was bright, but not bright enough that it hurt looking at it, its orange base was perfectly spherical, and its flames really did remind her of a candle. A pair of cartoony yellow eyes suddenly appeared at its center and blinked at her.

"That… very impressive," Rin said, fighting the urge to slip one into her pouches and taking it home with her.

She found that she completely meant every word.

Initially, she'd never imagined her Aruji-sama as someone with an affinity for the arcane. The way his body was built, the way he dressed and acted, his choice of weapon, his fighting style, everything about him indicated someone who fought on the frontline, who engaged his enemies directly. True, he had told her of his interest in the subject, but she'd reckoned it was only academic curiosity or looking for ways to defend against it. Now…

She only needed to turn her head and look at the area of the city that was ravaged by long trails of flames and large pillars of stone to know that her Aruji-sama's power and talent towards the mystical arts were indisputable.

But more than that.

The way he spoke about it, the way each lesson could have him talking for hours and about his experiences and theories, the way he relished putting what he learned to practice, finding its limits and rules, and learning to twist them… the smile upon his face. It was obvious this was more than an affinity, her Aruji-sama found wonderment in magic, and he loved learning about it.

That's right! Her Aruji-sama loves magic, that's the reason he looked so happy after each lesson with that woman, it wasn't related to the witch at all!

Rin gave herself a quiet nod of confirmation. Her feeling didn't appear on her face of course, it would be improper.

"Did you bring something for me?" Her master asked, pulling her from her important ponderings.

"Hai." She answered dutifully, setting the package down close to him.

"You… made me lunch?"

The kunoichi nodded, a tiny, satisfied smile creeping to her lips.

Rin knew how to cook, she had even been called a good cook once, but for some reason she couldn't fathom, her cooking had always been… inconsistent. Sometimes she would end up with perfectly adequate meals, other times, barely edible messes that tasted just as horrendously as it looked. She didn't know the reason why, and it was something that used to frustrate her immensely. It also forced her to abstain from cooking most of the time; better to have somebody else do it than throw a dice and risk wasting ingredients.

As strange as it may be, it was Ayasaki Hayate, Azure Viper himself, whom she had to thank for solving her cooking conundrum. Ever since she began heeding his advice of 'cooking only while wearing her uniform' her attempts have been consistently successful.

She could cook for her Aruji-sama now.

"Indeed, this one is aware Aruji-sama has a unique ability that let you carry all the supplies you need, yet this one couldn't help but notice most these supplies were from convenience stores. As your kunoichi, this one has the duty to attend to your health, including providing nutritious meals should your servant lack the capability to do so."

"Rin, Rin, I get it." Her lord stopped her with a raised hand before she could get to the other half of her prepared speech. "Thank you for this, seriously. I can't remember the last time I had a home-cooked meal." Her heart ached with her failure, but she would strive to make it right. A knowing grin suddenly spread on her Aruji-sama's handsome face. "In fact… why don't you feed it to me."

Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes! "This one lives to serve."

What followed was bliss, pure, undiluted bliss.

Her kneeling close to her Aruji-sama, feeding the alluring sight of her prodigious curves to his eyes, and a proper meal of her own making to his mouth while the air around them was softly lit by the closest equivalent to fireflies— A picturesque image of feminine devotion, most fitting of the perfect, wifely-role-filling instrument that she was, providing her lord and master everything he could possibly need and leaving none of his urges unattended. She wished she could paint this moment on a canvas and send it to her younger self, to show the girl that everything will be worth it.

Rin already knew that no matter what happened she would cherish this memory for the days to come.

But like the blooming of Sakura trees, bliss never lasts very long. Soon, way too soon, she was pushing the empty bentō aside and moving to kneel in front of her lord and master.

"Aruji-sama…" She began, softly.

"I know." He rubbed his chin with his finger, an almost embarrassed grin rising to his lips. "I've been rather busy lately, right? Pulled in every direction, going to a lot of places, never really alone… We haven't had time to talk."

She politely bowed her head before his intuition, "As expected of Aruji-sama."

He let a light snort, another sound she discovered she like to hear from him. "I felt like you say that for everything I do." She would stop saying it when he stops deserving it. "Rin…" His voice lost the casual tone, she instantly straightened herself. "… Tell me what happened during the days you spent away from me, I don't need to know every minor detail, but I want you to tell me everything."

Rin nodded in acknowledgment and started her report.

She talked about her Taimanin mission, the one that had pulled her away from him in the first place. He had a reaction when she gave the names and detailed profiles of her partners and had looked a bit green when she got to the exact description of the role assigned to her and the actions she would have to take.

She was glad she ultimately failed in her intel-gathering role. She knew her master enough now to know he wouldn't have pushed her away if she had succeeded it, but it would be extremely distasteful to report. She's happy she didn't put him through it.

… Of course, she was quick to add she wasn't lacking in that department and only failed because the mandate of her mission commander did not outweigh the will of her Aruji-sama, and that she would happily use her extensive bedroom skills on any mission her Aruji-sama sent her, as long as they were under his direct orders and will— He had waved her down to get her to move her from the subject at that point, but the look of deep possessiveness on his face told she wouldn't have to consider that possibility for a long while… and sent some really nice feelings down her spine.

Finally, she got to the point her Aruji-sama was clearly more interested in.

"After this one was intercepted Ayasaki Hayate and his subordinate at the behest of Arujin-sama, she accompanied them to their local base of operation, a location that is surely abandoned by now. There this one was put in contact with Aruji-sama's lord father through a phone call."

Her master loudly and rather violently choked on his own breath at the revelation. She dutifully waited till his coughing fit subsided.

"You talked with my father!?"

Rin nodded.

"Ah, err." Her Aruji-sama looked lost. "How was it? He… he didn't say anything weird right?" He trailed off, clearly having difficulties deciding on what to ask.

"No. It was… " How could she put into words?

It was a dark, nondescript room, with no easy escape routes in sight. One of the most dangerous human beings to ever live leaned in a corner with his eyes closed and deadly hands slid inside his pockets, worryingly away from view.

Yet she barely paid attention to any of that.

"I see."

The voice was deep, almost heavy to listen to, and yet… soothing, with a relatable underlayer tiredness clinging to it, like someone who spent all night working and was powering through the morning with coffee and determination. When it talked to her it… talked to her, she could feel she had the complete, undivided attention of the one behind the line, but it wasn't oppressive or imposing, it was… considering? Acknowledging?

She never felt more acknowledged in her life.

"So, he's… fitting in well… Thriving… that's good news, excellent news." She could hear the long, relieved breath he tried to keep from the line and could almost imagine him sinking into his chair. She found herself smiling for him, this man she had never seen, and only talked for a couple of minutes. She wondered to herself how many people she was taken to this quickly and found herself counting only one.

"You have my deepest gratitude, Uehara Rin-san... Please, continue to look after my son."

"… This one can see who Aruji-sama takes after."

"The heck does this even mean?" Aruji-sama groaned, rubbing his large hand over his elegantly gelled hair.

"He was nice." She tried again.

"Oh, I know he's nice. It's his appearance that worries me."

Well, she wouldn't know about that, but if her Aruji-sama was any indication, he must be a very attractive gentleman indeed.

"Just forget about it. Carry on."

She nodded. "After confirming Aruji-sama's current status, lord father offered me a leadership position in ACROSS—"

"What now?" Aruji-sama interrupted her. "Oh! Right, the name of my family's paramilitary organization."

A surprisingly common thing among the richest families and clans, though she supposed ACROSS stood out for having a man like Ayasaki Hayate leading their ranks.

"This one refused the offer."

She's been expecting her master to interrupt her again at this part, but he didn't. His look asked for an explanation though, so she promptly provided. "The members of ACROSS are loyal first and foremost to the Ōe family, Aruji-sama. This one is loyal only to you."

S-She made him blush! Yes! A rare and precious sight, she would treasure it forever!

On the outside, she sat a little straighter.

"After that, Lord Father laughed and officially recognized this one's kunoichi vow to you, accepting her as a kunoichi of the Ōe family. Then he asked this one to take a mission, which she chose to consider it a test to see if she was worthy of directly serving the clan's heir." Rin took a deep breath. "This mission was 'Successfully fake the death of the Sparkly Taimanin Uehara Rin to the eyes of the Taimanin corps', and, if possible, 'Find any proof of demonic infiltration or involvement within the Taimanin corps'."

Rin lowered her gaze to her lap, for the first time today an emotion she didn't wish for broke through her tranquil mask.

"This one succeeded on both her objectives."

Silence stretched between them, before her Aruji-sama, like he usually did, broke all the rules and protocols and moved from his lordly position to sit down beside his lowly servant. His large, masculine fingers interlaced with her delicate ones. Impossibly, that only kept her from pushing herself away and reestablishing proper decorum, as expected from her Aruji-sama.

"No wonder you were late." He tried for a humorless joke and somehow that ended up yanking a giggle out of her.

Uehara Rin realized then that she might be a bit in love.

"A-Anyway." Would her racing heart be able to calm down while they were locking hands? His thumb began to trail circles over her skin. O-oh dear! "A-After the mission was over, there isn't much to tell. This one was led to one of ACROSS's main bases, a mobile building that had probably already left Tokyo. She had limited access because she wasn't a member, but this one managed to gather intel about one of the base's more precious treasures— mostly because it was used to facilitate her training. Aruji-sama, the ACROSS base, Cerberus 01, is in the possession of a Sanctum, an extremely rare magical artifact capable of taking people to a dimension where time passes faster. Ayasaki Hayate used this artifact to, like she had alluded, train this one to reach his standards for a protector of the main family. This one trained with him for two months within the sanctum, and two days in real-time."

She suspected that man had more in his mind when he pulled her to this endeavor; she had been... distraught over the secrets she uncovered and the lies she'd been fed, the period of stretched time gave her… well, time to deal with the revelation and accept her new reality. Plus, the opportunity to cross arms against the legendary Azure Viper himself was both a humbling and a vindicating experience. True, the gap between them was as vast as she had expected, but it wasn't nearly as much as she had feared; and it had become even shorter after the training she undertook. Well worth aging two months in two days for it.

"After that, he informed me of your call and this one came as soon as she was able."

Her Aruji-sama was gawking a bit at this last stream of information. He closed his open mouth with a quiet 'clamp' and muttered a quiet, "I-I see."

Cute.

Once again, there was silence between her and her Aruji-sama as he processed her report, but this time it wasn't uncomfortable. Their hand stayed warmly interlaced, their fingers softly caressing each other's. She even scandalously leaned her head on her master's shoulder without any prompting from him. The dirty, little kunoichi that she was. She would tie herself up and present herself for punishment later.

Finally, her Aruji-sama let out a long whistle.

"Well, that was a whole lot more than what I was expecting." He turned to look at her, and her body lit up under his attention. "What do you think it will happen now that ACROSS knows about the Taimanin corps situation?"

Ah. As expected of Aruji-sama. Attentive as always.

"They have several options." She began. "They could take advantage of the demonic influence and position themselves in a way that they would benefit from taimanin failing their mission. They could reach out to lost, disgruntled taimanin and try to win their loyalty." Like you did to me, she mused quietly to herself, without even realizing it. "They could sit on it and use the information later to gain some advantage. They could spread it to seed chaos within the taimanin's ranks… There are a lot of possibilities, but it is undeniable that ACROSS now holds a lot of cards."

Her lord nodded. Then his face briefly twisted into a scowl before relaxing to a neutral expression, the grip on her hand tightened a bit.

"Rin, do you think… Is there a possibility that ACROSS and the Ōe family might be connected to NOMAD?"

She contributed to the tightness of their connected grip herself. She did not like hearing her master speaking their name, did not like it at all. In a perfect world, he would live a life free of having to worry about people- creatures like them, but they do not live in a perfect world, and if his first contact with those things had spooked him as much as he told her… She could see where the question came from.

"… This one's initial impressions and following interactions with the members of the organization would lead her to believe that no. They are not connected." She bit her lips. "But… she wasn't privy to all their secrets. They might be putting up an elaborate act, so this one cannot in her right mind say the possibility does not exist." The taimanin corps itself is involved, after all.

Her lord looked on ahead, considering her words.

She gazed at him, her selfish desire bubbling to the fore front of her mind, agitated by the subject. She opened her mouth and made to speak but instantly closed it.

There are some acceptable breaches of conduct a kunoichi can commit. But there were some things that stretch too far, pushed too much. She was Ōe Hiroshi's personal kunoichi now; she must remember her station when serving such illustrious master, so she dutifully kept her silence.

"Speak. You have something to say, don't you?" Her Aruji-sama suddenly asked.

And just like that, she had no other choice.

"Aruji-sama, this one… I…" Her words failed to materialize, they clustered in her throat, clogged her channel to the point that even air had difficulties escaping. She tried to discreetly swallow the lump and press on, but it simply wouldn't go down.

"You want to save the Taimanin, don't you?" Her master somehow reached inside herself and plucked the words out of her heart.

"… Hai." She wanted to slap herself, is this how she plans to show her conviction? "No. This one cannot save them all, that much she knows. To embark in an endeavor such as this would be foolish, suicidal." The cold truth is that she had a new priority, she cannot dedicate her life to something else for it did not belong to her anymore. "But… but this one wish, if possible, to help who she can, the few she can reach. If she could warn them, somehow, if she could look into clues they are kept from looking into…" She shook her head. "This is this one's selfish desire, and she fails as a kunoichi for even daring to vocalize it. The immense security risk this would create alone would deter most from even considering it."

"… It's too dangerous." She agreed vehemently. "I'll not have you disappearing on me." She hid a shiver from the way he said it. Her lord was wise beyond his years and she's lucky to serve under him, she will beg for punishment later. "So, here is how we are going to do this; every time you hear about a taimanin getting in trouble, or find a clue or a lead that could help them or rescue them, you come to me first, we'll formulate a plan from and act from there." He met her eyes while she was barely able to hide her emotions. "I order you to do this, Rin, you are to consider this an official mission."

Ah.

Of course, did she think he would act in any other way? She should be horrified with herself for incentivizing her master to seek dangerous situations… yet she felt floaty, at peace.

"Hai, Aruji-sama." She said, and then unpromptedly leaned into him again.

What is another sin for someone who was already a sinner?

For a while they just stayed there, in the middle of the circling cluster of sprites, enjoying each other's warmth, letting the tension of the conversation bleed away.

A noise rumbled in the distance, the same kind that had occasionally echoed as they talked. A piece of building that had been partially dislodged from its whole by one of her Aruji-sama's previous attacks was crumbling under its own weight and threatening to fall.

This time, rather than ignoring it, he turned to look at it. Then he stood up.

Rin remained kneeling in place but prepared herself for whatever her lord would need of her. She silently watched as he raised his hand, his thumb and index finger forming the shape of a gun while he pointed at the crumbling debris in the distance.

All of the sudden, the fire sprites around her shot out towards his arm. All fading a couple of centimeters before contact with his skin, presumably melting back into magical energy and entering his body.

"Practe bigi nar…" She heard him muttering under his breath, flourishing an incantation in a foreign language. If she was asked for an educated guess, Rin would have said Latin, or Greek.

An exclaimed word marked the end of the chant, and it bought forth a bright blossoming of flames around her Aruji-sama's hand. A trio of flaming projectiles shot out just as fast as his usual ones, cutting a shining yellow trail in the air as they flew. Circling around each other, their trajectory abruptly shifted to follow the debris as it broke from its whole and started to fall, hitting the target at its center. Rather than exploding it, like Rin had imagined, the projectiles seem to cover the target in flames instead, and then a thread of pure fire shot out from it to the place where the debris has fallen from, pulling it back to it.

Rin blinked at the sight of the piece of building almost completely wrapped in thick ropes of fire and seemly tied back to the spot it had crumbled from.

A… fire binding spell of some kind?

"That took five seconds to cast." Her lord said, keeping his eyes on the result of his spell.

Rin nodded, followed his logic. "Unfit to be used in direct combat."

That's to be expected; there is a reason the stereotype of magic users making for poor frontline fighters existed after all.

"This is actually something I wanted to ask your help with." He gave her a lopsided, boyish grin that shot fire spells at interesting parts of her body.

Control herself until they were on his lordly bed, she would, like a proper kunoichi.

"Aruji-sama… This one must apologize but she's not as well versed in the arcane arts."

"It's not that." He shook his head, "It's just… this whole spell casting thing is very new for me, but I feel like I can find a way to integrate it to my normal fighting style." This made Rin want to smile, her lord had said 'I think' with the conviction of someone who'd said 'I know', he does that a few times, one of his many charms. "But I'm going to need a lot of practice to get there though. Plus I don't want to neglect my other options, it's not like I'm going to go full wizard just because I'm learning magic." He let out a breath. "Basically, what I'm trying to get at is; Rin, would you be willing to train me again? Continue where we left off?"

She almost let out a fit of giggles but kept it walled off inside. Only her beloved Aruji-sama would so expertly pull them back to a comfortable subject after such as draining conversation. She allowed herself a smile and placed a hand over her heart.

"It would be this one's pleasure. Waga Aruji-sama."



A/n: I fucking love magic, that's one thing all my SIs share. This won't mean I'll have Hiroshi change to a caster build (Frankly that's a bit overused) but I'm pumped with the opportunity to finally explore the concept.

Next part of this Interlude, Interlude II-c, comes out tomorrow!
Last edited: Feb 12, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Confusedbutfine and 1,276 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 11, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude II-c
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 12, 2022
Add bookmark
#13,951
This takes place in the two weeks period between the last chapter (Chapter 16) and the next (Chapter 17)



Interlude II-c






Her boots crushed the blackened soil of an alien world.

Tall, blocky constructions stood imposingly at her sides, compressing the path forwards into narrow streets that twisted and turned just as much as it rose and fell. The land showed no difference no matter how long she walked; the same type of buildings, the same claustrophobic paths, spiraling inwards and outwards, in and out itself. A mind-turning farce of a city that covered the entire planet.

Eyes peered at her in the dark corners and dirty holes, burning yellow gazes, unblinkingly following her form. Eventually, she paused, rolling the tension off her shoulders while a hard scowl contorted on her face.

She had enough of this mockery.

Her weapon was unsheathed in a sharp melody that almost cut the world in half. A silvery blade forged from the deepest nebulas of the cosmos, with the azure heart of a newborn star blazing at its center. Its presence alone was enough to cast away the shadows and bring fresh wind to this place's rotten, stagnant air.

The creatures around her shrieked, roused by the abrupt banishment of their refuge. Under the naked eye, the evidence of their contamination was clear to see, as was their mad aggression. Black, pulsing veins crisscrossed across their forms, from the oldest to the youngest. Then, all together, as if they were one entity, they screamed and rushed at her, their grotesque, clawed limbs posed with deadly intent.

She steadied her weapon in response.

And the genocide started.

"Ah!" She gasped herself awake, shooting to a sitting position and nearly falling off her bed because of it. She had about a second of disorientation before her stomach churned violently and sent her running to the bathroom with a hand over her mouth.

… When she was finished sending last night's dinner through the pipes, she blindly reached out, grabbed the sink, and weakly pulled herself to it.

The reflection in the mirror greeted her. Straw-like blonde hair spiking in every direction like one of those odd American rock singers, dark blue eyes with even darker bags underneath, sullen, way-too-long face with a bit of vomit still painting her lips.

Haruka could already tell her day was up to a great start.

She leaned forwards and laid her forehead against the cool glass, trying to not think about… about her dream.

They're back.

It's been so long. She had hoped…

… This was a bad one; she had worse, heck, she reacted better to worse, but it's been so long since she had one that… she let her guard down.

As usual, she felt the finer details of the dream slipping away from her grasp like falling sand around her fingers. She knew from experience that the more she tried to hold on to it, the faster it would slip. Not that she would, of course, she had more than enough from the dream remains that did stay with her.

Blood. Thrumming energy vaporizing flesh. Blade cutting through metal and meat. Screams of millions.

Her whole body convulsed, and she made to hurl again, but there was nothing else in her stomach but water.

Haruka really, really hated when she had one of those dreams.

Punching the tiles on the wall, she forced herself back up again and started to wash her mouth.

Time to start the damn day.

She was still moody when she descended the stair and flopped down on the dinner table, but at least she looked like a proper human being.

Thank the heavens it was Sunday; she didn't want to imagine going to class and interacting with her more ordinary peers while she was like that.

"Ara~? Someone woke up in the wrong side of the bed today," Her mother put down her breakfast right beside her laying head, just close enough for the smell to rouse her. Then she daintily ruffled a bit of Haruka's scarecrow-like blonde hair from her forehead before lying down a warm kiss on it.

Haruka relaxed a bit from that, she couldn't deny it.

"Cramps' coming in early?"

The blonde teen bristled at the thought of that in conjunction with a Dream. Sounds like a bad time. "Just couldn't sleep." She mumbled a half-lie.

She had stopped bothering her parents with her dreams a long time ago. She was sick of doctor visits, of treatments that led nowhere, of long days of exams, of tiresome therapy talks, of medicine that made everything worse.

She was sick of making them worry.

Stuffing something tasty in her mouth was a good way to derail her thoughts; she got to remember that.

"Where's dad?" She asked between bites.

"Drifting journey~" The older woman singsonged; her mother always gets singy when she was in the kitchen.

Haruka just grunted in acknowledgment and wondered how many girls would react so casually at the news of their father running off with his friends to do crazy car stunts on dangerous mountain roads.

"So!" Her mom sat before her with her own breakfast plate, a mischievous little smile on a face that was the complete opposite of her own; heart-shaped, delicately featured, big, expressive eyes framed by impeccable, honey-colored curls. Even the makeup was perfectly applied. "I've been hearing nice things about your boyfriends lately. Care to share with mama?"

Haruka bumped her legs on the table as she nearly jumped out of her skin. "MOM! Come on! This again!? You can't possibly believe I have a harem of all things, can you?"

"Oh, I'm just joking, Haruka-chan, you know I am." She waved her off with a roll of her eyes. But then she leaned forwards and placed her chin over the backs of her hands. "Buuuut you could very well have a boyfriend among those nice young men you've been interacting so much with. Particularly the one you're always talking about."

She felt her cheek heating up, "Se-Hiroshi isn't my boyfriend!" She dreaded what would happen if she called him senpai in front of her mother; the woman would have a dozen fantasies by the end of the day for sure.

Her mother's pout somehow made the woman look ten years younger, Haruka could only goggle at this ability. "Mou, is there not even a bit of interest? What about that handsome young stud in the Chinese outfit? Or anyone from the bunch that's been following you around lately; those look aggressive and willing to breed."

Haruka loved her mother with all her heart, she really did, but sometimes she says some things that horrify her.

"N-No!" She insisted, all reading feeling the headache. "Can we change the subject please?"

The older woman waved her hand, thankfully having enough of watching her daughter squirm. "No jogging today?"

"Sprained my ankle." The teen mumbled over her cup, "It's basically already healed, but if I go, I'll never hear the end of it." Damn overbearing senpai, he didn't have to princess carry her all the way to the clinic like he did! It wasn't that bad!

Her mother just chuckled, face dropping a bit so her fingers were curled against her cheek. Haruka shifted uncomfortably under the continuous attention.

"What? What's with the creepy glare?"

The pout was back again, "Mou, don't call Mama's Lovey Dovey Gaze creepy glare! My feelings will get hurt you know?"

"Don't say things like that, you're a grown woman." Haruka countered.

The older woman giggled at the younger teen's annoyance. She reached out a tapped a well-manicured finger over the back of Haruka's hand.

"I'm looking at you Haruka-chan." Her mother said gazing deeply into her eyes. "You look so happy."

The blonde blinked. The words threw her for a loop. Where did that come from? She didn't have a good answer to that, so she drew back to her default.

"I saw myself in the mirror mom. Believe me, I do not look happy."

Her mother's pearl-like giggles echoed again. "Snarkier too, which one of your boyfriends do I have to thank for that?"

Guh! That's it, the concentrated heat around her face was making her headache worse. She placed her hands on her table and pushed herself up.

"I'm leaving." Full retreat!

"Have fun!" Her mother chirped after her, "Call first if you decided to spend the night with a boy~" Damn it, Haruka felt like smoke was going to come out of her ears. "Ah!"

… She would regret looking back, later. But something in the way her mother gasped had her looking almost subconsciously.

"What?"

The woman had lost a bit of the mischevious air that hung around her during their talk, she had crossed her arms under her modest bust, pulling herself as much as her modest height would allow it. She didn't look serious, not exactly, but she was clearly prepared to make a stand.

"Ha. Ru. Ka.-chan." She began patiently, enunciating each syllable in her name. "… Where is that nice skirt I bought you last week, miss?"

Damn it, they almost managed to keep the nice mood this time around.

The ensuing argument didn't involve any shouts, insults, threats of violence, or really any unnecessary drama. It was merely a trade of reasons and counter reasons, of polite, meaningful requests and concessions. To a person not familiar with their dynamic, this wouldn't appear like an argument at all, so similar it was to their previous conversation.

Perhaps it would have been better if they were shouting or insulting each other, that way maybe her feelings wouldn't get played with so mercilessly.

In the end, Haruka ended up wearing the damn skirt. It flapped against her tights while she walked down the streets, and each time it did her emotions threatened to boil to the surface.

It wasn't that she hated skirts. She could even say she likes them; she wore them willingly on some occasions and everything. Heck, she had no problem with her school uniform, which, you know, had a skirt!

It wasn't even that she hated this particular skirt; it looked good, fitted well with her shirt and jacket combo, and complemented their colors nicely. She had honestly liked receiving it as a gift.

It's just…

… It's just.

It's hard to put into words. She just didn't feel like wearing a skirt today. She wasn't in the mood for it. Normally they were fine, but when she wore them when she wasn't in the mood for it; it was like they could never properly fit. It got too cold, too airy, they exposed her spidery legs for everybody to see and made her constantly feel like she should cover herself. She hates it, hates it when she had clothes forced on her, yet her mother kept doing it!

But even then, it wasn't normally a big deal, it shouldn't; she could roll her eyes and tough it off, she had done that before didn't she. She didn't need to make a scene.

Great, now she felt guilty for fighting with her mother because of this, just great.

It must be that awful dream tricking down to affect her day. She'd almost forgotten that could happen, but yeah, it was a good reminder of how it locked her in a circle of getting moody, then blowing off at a small thing, then getting moodier because of it.

No wonder she was closed off before; just going about her day, not really focusing on anything, exceeding on pretty much everything she tried but feeling nothing for it, people admiring her for her achievement but then stopping after they realize she had nothing interesting to say…

Happy, yeah right.

Haruka paused in the middle of the street, not immediately recognizing her surroundings, but finding them familiar enough she's sure she'll remember in a minute or two.

Ok, deep breaths, just stay here, center yourself—

A shorter form suddenly collided against her, instantly sending her toppling to the ground and breaking every kind of steadiness and control she might have gathered.

The world just decided it was out to get her today, wasn't it?

"Oh shoot! I'm so sorry, I was just in such a hurry and I wasn't paying where I was going and— Tenou-san?"

Her next breath hitched inside her throat; she snapped her head to look at who had called her.

Ah.

"Hi there, Tendo-senpai." Haruka greeted with utter confidence, instantly shooting to her feet.

She always that an easier time composing herself in front of someone; it was actually something she only realized after her senpai pointed it out. So, in that way she was grateful for the familiar presence.

Tendo Akane was the newest one in the collection of attractive senpai she had come to interact with – seriously, what's up with that!? – She was used to seeing the girl in either her training gi or her school uniform, so catching her in her casual clothes gave Haruka a bit of a pause. The blue-haired girl's enviable body was filling a beautiful navy-blue dress with a white collar like she'd been born for it.

She found herself getting lost in the waving and contours of the fabric as her shorter senpai turned to address her properly.

"Tenou-san, good morning!" Her enthusiastic smile seems to enhance her everything. "I didn't expect to see you here! Do you usually take this route?"

Haruka decided against vocalizing what would probably have come out as a few confused noises and just gave the smaller girl a calm smile while she waited for her to approach. When Akane had stepped close enough, she was more prepared.

"That would be a no, Tendo-senpai. I must confess I'm a bit lost." That line came out way better than she imagined.

"Then, you're in luck, I can show you the way! And please Tenou-san you can call me by my first name. We're fellow Anything Goes disciples are we not?" She sounded infinitely pleased about that. "Where do you need to get to?"

"Then I insist you do the same for me, Akane-senpai, and, hah." Haruka raised her hand to scratch at the base of her short ponytail. "I don't really have a destination. I just went on a walk to clear my head and ended up here… But aren't you in a hurry right now?"

The smaller, curvier girl blinked at her for a couple of seconds, then realization seem to dawn on her, and it caused an almost comically cute expression.

"Ah!" She exclaimed, pumping her fists up. "That's right I had to- Um, Te-Haruka-san, if you're not doing anything I could use your help, come on!"

And just like that Akane took off running. Haruka was left stunned for a moment before she almost instinctively ran after her.

Funny, just a couple of months back she was thinking that nothing really happened in Nerima.

"What's going on!?" She asked while they ran.

"You have to help me find P-chan!"

"What!?"

"My pig!"

"Again what!?"

They turned the corner into a more crowded street, a marketplace fancier than the one she usually frequented, with a line of garden and the occasional short trees in the middle. Akane wasn't running at her top speeds, Haruka realized. She was trying to be mindful of her.

She pushed herself harder.

The bluette began to explain as they ran, "I have a pet piglet, but he ran away when I tried to give him a bath!" she paused, mulling over what to say next. "We have to pour warm water on him!"

Running after a pet piglet; why is this the most normal thing she'd done all week? Haruka dodged a procession of American tourists who shouted rude things after her. They shouted worse things to Akane when she literally jumped over them. "Why so specific?" She called out.

"It's hard to explain!"

It's hard- What? Why? What's so special about pouring warm water on a piglet? Sure, maybe the circumstances spread beyond simply washing the animal, but the only special circumstance involving warm water she could imagine was…

"Is it like Ranma-senpai's curse!?"

Akane-senpai nearly stumbled over her feet. She managed to get back to her previous pace with a few steps.

"You know about it!?"

"Yeah, kinda!" Seeing a guy turn into a girl in contact with cold water was the kind of imagery that sticks with you; especially when considering the girl he turned into. Seriously how could someone so short have a chest so big? Haruka couldn't keep her eyes away from that contradiction when she first saw it. "So, is this P-chan like Ranma-senpai?" will she get to see a cute pig girl?

"… I don't know." Akane's voice was full of uncertainty, so Haruka left it at that.

Thankfully, as it turned out, they weren't blindly running in the general direction the piglet had escaped to. Akane was following… well, to say 'trail of destruction' would be too generous and overly dramatic, it was more of a trail of confusion and mildly inconveniences; a few tumbled magazines stands here, a few throw boxes there, the people muttering and generally looking at the direction they saw a crazy pig running to, things like that. With a clear trail like that, it was only a matter of time before they bumped into it.

"Squeeeee!"

Case in point.

"P-chan!" At the shrill sound of her pet, Akane fearlessly ducked into the nearest alleyway. Haruka followed close behind after only a moment of consideration.

She was also rapidly losing her fear of dark alleys now that she thought about it. It might be against some primal survival instincts installed in every woman, but there is only so much you can fear after becoming capable of breaking concrete with your hands. Haruka wasn't at that point yet, but she fought too many kappa to be scared of some possible mugger.

They found… a whole lot of things in that alleyway.

She remembered an English expression she'd heard her senpai using once that perfectly fits the situation they're stumbled upon; when it rains, it pours.

The piglet, P-chan, was there, a black little thing with a black tiger or leopard-pattered bandana tied at its torso, and it was currently being held by an absolute bombshell of a blonde that made Haruka feel inadequate out of principle.

Besides the blonde there were four other girls in the alley, all with matching beauty and uniforms; a tremendously tall orange-haired with a pair of nunchakus tucked under her arms, a busty, olive-skinned Hāfu with her chin hidden behind a battle fan, a short, wiry blond casually using a leather whip as a jumping rope, and finally, a brown-haired girl with cold, calculating eyes fidgeting with a pair of bulky tonfas.

Haruka knew they meant trouble as soon as she laid her eyes on them, the fact they were standing over the beaten and bloodied form of a member of The Nerima Wrecking Crew only served to confirm this fact.

"What are you doing to P-chan!?" Akane demanded.

"And to that poor guy." Haruka quietly added after her.

Potentially humorous timing aside; this wasn't good, this was very much the contrary of good. There are five of them. They are armed. Given their uniform; they are well organized, funded, and probably familiar with each other's fighting style. Can she take them?

The fact her first instinct was asking herself that probably meant she was spending too much time with her senpai and his usual niche.

"… This does not concern you." The tonfa-wielding girl addressed them, her voice just as chilling as her glare. "Leave."

"As if! Who do you think you are attacking people on broad daylight!" Akane drew herself up imperiously. "And give P-chan back!" She demanded from the blonde bombshell in particular.

The girl just smiled a vacant smile and, with a completely straight face, pulled down the zipper of her top so much her large assets nearly popped off from it. She then pushed the struggling piglet into the excessive amount of cleavage she'd revealed.

"Ara~? I think this adorable little guy wants to come with me."

Akane scowled thunderously at her while Haruka just stared. She eventually noticed that the animal had stopped struggling and was even able to see the blush forming over his little snout, so keen her attention was.

There was definitely something up with that pig.

"I will give you one more chance." Tonfa girl said, fully turning to face them. "Leave now, or you will be removed."

Akane narrowed her eyes at the threat, but before she or anyone could do or say anything, a raspy cough came from the downed NWC member.

"N-Nee-san… ?" He gurgled out, his eyes dumbly blinking at Haruka.

All of the armed girls instantly raised their guard.

Well, there goes any possibility of talking things out, not that Haruka had much hope on that front to begin with.

"You're a member of his group." The tonfa-wielding girl, clearly the leader or spokesperson of the team, stated darkly, the grip on her weapon noisily tightening.

"Yep," Haruka confirmed smoothly as she stepped up to stand beside Akane. No use denying now, "It's Nerima Wrecking Crew if you care, and you're trespassing in our territory and attacking our members."

…

Oh shit, did those words just come out of her mouth!? She sounded like a chuuni deli— Is this how her senpai feels all the time!?

"Oi, don't try to act like you're the victim!" The shortest one of the group cried out in a sudden rage, pointing the handle of her whip at Haruka. "You're the one who attacked us first!"

"That's right! That despicable male, Dandy Bat, had the gall to prance over a half a dozen contested territories like he owned the place, and what's more, he cowardly assault two of our sisters!" The busty hāfu added, brandishing her battle fans. "Do you think we, the Valkyries, would let that go unanswered!?"

"... Arrogance." The tallest one muttered, her nunchakus slowly beginning to spin.

There was no doubt in Haruka's mind that her senpai had done exactly that.

Just as there was no doubt that he must have had a good reason to.

Akane was shooting incredulous looks between her and the group of girls, the Valkyries, apparently. "What are they talking about!? What's going on here!?"

Haruka winced internally but managed to keep a calm facade. She quickly said an apologetically "I'll explain later." To her senior disciple, then she turned to her enemies and tried to put on a disarming smile.

She couldn't lie to herself, she was... getting a bit excited at the prospect of fighting them. This is what she had trained for, right? It was only natural that she would feel this way. That, and the skirt fluttering against her legs making her feel like a clown was really putting her in the mood to punch something.

"So, there's no more need for words between us, then?" Yeah, that was more of a statement than a question.

A short rippling happened among the group, and the leader, her face now bright red with anticipation, rotated her tonfas like a helicopter's rotor blades as she got into a stance.

"I… Indeed! Every single member of your vile gang must be punished for this transgression, such is Freya-sama and Ragnarok's way!"

Ragnarok, of course, it would be them.

Now, Haruka likes to think she has her priorities straight. In this case, when fighting against stronger and more numerous opponents, she should strive to use every advantage she had available and try to mitigate every disadvantage. So, when each of the Valkyries jumped forward in their own variation of leaping attacks, she threw herself into a roll and ducked under them all, before immediately shooting to her feet and starting to run toward the NWC member.

Of course, when the tonfa girl practically materialized in front of her with an attack already mid-swing, she realized that what she should have done was to retreat and call for backup. So maybe her priorities aren't as straight as she'd imagined.

"HayyyAH!"

An Akane-shaped blur suddenly appeared and slammed tonfa girl out of her way. A huge weight fell down from Haruka's shoulders at that moment. This situation didn't involve Akane in any way, so she didn't want to assume her fellow Anything Goes discipline would help her without any explanation. She made a mental note to properly thank the girl later.

With Akane momentarily keeping the enemies off her, Haruka managed to reach the NWC member with no trouble. She slid to a stop and spun on her heeds, standing protectively with her back to him, while keeping her eyes in the fight ahead.

"Are you alright!?" She asked, her brain needed a few moments to identify him as Ichirou-kun, one of the guys she hadn't interacted much with.

Thankfully, he was. His injuries looked worse than what they actually were, so he was already getting to his feet.

"Y-yeah. Thank you, nee-san!"

She nodded, "Good, we need your help. We must separate them to have any chance of winning. I need you to draw the orange-haired and the smaller blonde to that end of the alley, Akane-senpai and I will create an opportunity, so if you—" She turned to say her final points directly to him. Only to be greeted by the sight of his fleeing back disappearing into a corner at the distance.

Whoa, deja vu.

"You're wide open!!"

Haruka hastily put her guard up and sidestepped away as the busty hāfu flowed past her with her fans in the ready. Her arms burned with the new cuts.

Focus! She told herself, pulling a fast steading breath and ignoring the pain to push her arm into a fighting stan—

A pained gasp escaped from her as a lashing whip loudly crashed on her side. She snapped her eyes up and caught the sight of the tiny blonde giving her an evil little grin before the hāfu and her battle fans filled her vision once again.

She gritted her teeth and forced herself to move.

It must be said that fighting was a very recent development in Haruka's life. However, just like with every other physical skill, she was picking things up fast.

From Akane and Soun she learned the proper stances. From sparring with the other members of the NWC, she learned to take and give out hits. From the monsters her senpai put her against, she learned to apply all these lessons in a quick, decisive manner while dealing with attacks that could really kill or cripple her.

Yet… she still lacked experience. And this was the very first time she dealt with properly armed and skilled weapon users.

Two black battle fans danced around her opponent's body, snapping open or close at a moment's notice, pulling her attention with their fast, fluttering movements, or blowing wind in her eyes to make her blink at the worst times. They were solid enough to be used as small shields to her few counters and their sharp edges bit into her skin deep enough to draw blood and make the pain flare each time they struck.

Every time she managed to gain some ground or make some distance between her and her opponent, she had to deal with a lashing leather rope twisting in the air in impossible-to-predict patterns and striking like a hungry viper, at each spot the heavy leather landed a geyser pain erupted.

And yet, despite all the odds, Haruka held on.

Staying on the defensive, avoiding the hits she could, taking what she couldn't, grounding her teeth and fighting through the pain of her growing number of injuries, constantly moving from side to side, trying to force her opponents to her pace, striking clear, fast jabs at every opening she found…

She's pretty sure only a short few days ago she would have gone down after only a minute of this. She can't believe she'll have to thank the Kappa of all things for her new pain tolerance.

"Just give up already, you're no match for us!" The olive-skinned hāfu shouted, clearly irritated with Haruka's persistence.

Well, that might very well be true, but the way the girl had said it pissed her off.

"Am I?"

A step forward took her into the busty girl's guard at the exact moment her battle fans were positioned in a way that would be hard to intercept her entrance. The hāfu widened her eyes and tried to strike anyway, but Haruka moved first. The result was the dark-skinned girl letting out a loud squawk and stumbling back while holding her right boob. Haruka kept the fist that had delivered the punch raised on the obnoxious large body part while in her other hand she flipped closed the battle fan she managed to steal.

"You should reassess that statement, sister." She snarked with a confident grin.

This might be the first time dealing with weapon users, but as mentioned previously, Haruka learns fast.

"Fine!" The girl spat. "You asked for it!" Haruka raised her guard as she suddenly advanced towards her, only to see her duck rather than attack— Revealing her diminutive partner standing directly behind her already reeling back the whip.

Crap!

She managed to turn her face away just in time, but her head still violently snapped to the side as the lashing whip struck her directly on her temple.

It was like having the entire world knocked away from her. An explosion of white suddenly overtook her vision. An overwhelming ringing bounced from ear to ear. She felt light, but not the good kind of light, the one that leaves you rolling in vertigo as part of you slips out and the rest went in the other direction.

Then, the pain came.

Curiously, it wasn't on her head, no, the pain forcefully pulled her back to herself just to inform her that in addition to the hard whipping to the head she also needed to deal with the blunt end of a battle fan being shoved directly on her stomach with the full weight of her attacker behind it. Then everything started getting messy again.

Joy.

Her awareness was shot to hell but she's fairly sure she was on the ground. Her body convolving with the pain, a long, constant, and stupidly loud ringing blasting right in her ears, limbs flailing about as she tried to make sense of what she was doing. She forced her eyes open and tried to speak, but from her mouth came only a gurgle and her vision was having trouble with lighting and coloring and keeping everything on a singular contour.

"Told you. You should have given up."

The voice was distant, barely audible under the ringing. She numbly kept her eyes open and looked ahead, using the constancy of the dirty concrete ground pressing against her face as a point of reference, the only one she could. She just hoped the world would stop dancing before the creeping darkness at the edge of her vision grew too much.

Then she blinked slowly, something finally coming into focus.

It was a black, no, dark, long, thingy, it looked a bit familiar; she could almost put her finger… a piece of wood? … No, no, a bokken… a discarded bokken… one of the Valkyries' weapons? no, too low quality… maybe that guy's… Ichi… Ichirou-kun's weapon…?

Her thoughts came slower and slower, the darkness crawling in at a constant pace. But she managed to send her hand flopping towards. The limp moved like a dying fish, patting the ground until it fell over the object.

She didn't even remember why she was doing it. It was so dark, her eyelids so heavy. If she could just… curl… her… fingers… around… it…

She had a sword in her hand.

"That isn't going to make a difference— Eh?"

She couldn't begin to imagine what went through the hāfu's head at that moment. One second, she was looking down at her defeated opponent, probably feeling vindicated after the trouble she caused her. On the other, her world just suddenly begins to rotate as her juicy legs were swept from under her by a sword swing.

The same sword then came slashing down on her face, viciously driving her head to the ground.

Her blonde partner hiccupped in shock at the display, and then yelled in anger, sending the long length of her whip streaming across the air.

Blade crashing against the leather cord. Pull it down. Disturb its motion. Wide arcs. Fast movements. Make it warp around the blade. Keep away from the body. Spin. Step closer.

"Ah!" The blonde had a single moment to gasp at the sight of her weapon of choice being partially rolled back towards her. "GUH!" She followed that with an ugly noise as the tip of the blade was thrust into her belly. The powerful momentum carried her forwards and then upwards, so strong she kept going even after the blade stopped.

Haruka turned back and slashed her sword to the side, ridding it of the wrapped whip. Two seconds later, her enemy loudly crashed back down behind her.

She won.

No, there are more enemies.

Snapping her eyes to the side, she saw the three remaining girls circling Akane like a pack of wolves methodically hunting a huge bear. They were surely wearing the bluette down, but giving their injured state, she was making that all but easy.

Haruka would take them down with one hit each. She knew that before she even started moving.

A single step took her to the action, the air offering absolutely no resistance to her passage. Her initial swing took out the tallest with no trouble. She dealt with the bombshell with a diagonal slash that burst her top open and set the piglet flying. The leader noticed her coming and raised her tonfas in a picture-perfect guard, her thrust broke through it and send her crashing against a wall and… and…

Haruka blinked.

Before her, laid only the downed forms of five girls and a soft, whistling wind blowing in an odd pattern. No more enemies. She won.

She won?

She… She won!

She let out a breath she hadn't realized she was holding. Her eyes crossed at the curved wooden length that stood parallel to her face. She had, for some reason, stopped in an odd stance; her spine straight, a closed hand posted at her lower back, the other hand holding the bokken to her chest, blade sticking out towards her face.

But that's beside the point! She'd won! Her first real, official fight! She couldn't wait until she told senpai—

She had moved exactly like the woman in her dream.

Her hand let go of the bokken like it was on fire. A quick step put some distance from it before the object even stopped clacking on the ground.

"Haruka…-san?" Her eyes met Akane's wide, questioning gaze.

It was hard to hide the reaction they caused.

"No… so… fast!"

Haruka was almost thankful for the distraction, as discouraging as the sight of all her defeated enemies slowly rising to their feet again was.

"Freya-sama's… elite unit… will not be defeated that easily!" Their leader declared as she climbed the last inch. Her weapons were already back on her arms.

A similar phenomenon happened to the others, and soon Haruka and Akane were facing the same number of enemies again, injured, but more determinate than ever.

The pair shared a glance, then shifted into mirroring fighting stances. Haruka ignored the returning ache of her many injuries. There would be time for that later.

"NEE-SAN! WE'VE COME TO SAVE YOU!"

Ichirou-kun's declaration cut through the atmosphere. He was standing proudly over the part of the alley he previously escaped from like a shining general who led the reinforcing army that would save the battle. In this case, however, it wasn't an army, but only four delinquents, four particular delinquents.

Colossal, they could only be described as such. Towering over most adults, uniform so dark it seemed to swallow the light around it, stretched taut over huge piles of bulky, stone-like muscle, faces like scar tissue molded into human caricatures, embroidered with a weight of piercings, earrings, chains, and spikes, their beady eyes that didn't so much glare as look and that was more than enough.

Standing side by side they almost seem to cut the wide alleyway in half and compress it towards them by sheer mass. If a wall was built with them as the core, it would be able to hold off the enemies of humanity for a hundred years, and a religion would probably pop up around it.

There was also a collection of small dogs barking and jumping over themselves at their feet, the many leashes clasped over boulder-like hands.

Haruka was impressed, Ichirou-kun had somehow managed to get the Dog Walking Crew; they were quickly distinguishing themselves among the member of the NWC as something of an elite lately.

The Valkyries took one look at the reinforcement and seem to reconsider their previous statement. Especially when the blonde bombshell, now hiding her naked breasts under her arm due to the male presence, got close to the leader and whispered something in her ear. The leader nearly growled out loud as she pointed a tonfa at them.

"I am Ayazaki Chisato, lieutenant of the Valkyrie corp, under the command of Freya-sama of Ragnarok's Eight Fists!"

Ichirou-kun gasped behind her, but Haruka was a bit confused by the sudden declaration. Before she could question, however, Akane stepped in.

"Tendo Akane, of the Anything Goes school of martial arts!"

Oh! Right. "Tenou Haruka, also of the Anything Goes school, err, and high-ranking officer of the Nerima Wrecking Crew!"

That sounded horrendously cheesy.

Why the heck does she feel so proud about it!?

"Tendo Akane, Tenou Haruka, I will remember your names! Mark my words; when Ragnarok comes to adds this place into the fold, The Valkyries will personally hunt you down and defeat you, that is a promise!"

Bold words to be said as a prelude to them basically turning around and running away with their tails between their legs. Still, Haruka just stood back and watched them disappear among the buildings.

A wave of tiredness hit her, making her injures ache harder.

"Nee-san! Nee-san! That was amazing! You drove away one of Ragnarok's elite team!" Ichirou-kun chirped like an excited puppy, and that was an apt comparison given she had a literal point of reference barking at his feet. He also somehow didn't seem to register his own part in the whole 'driving Ragnarok away' thing "Hm, shouldn't we chase after them?"

"No, too nimble, you'll never catch them." Haruka thought about that for a bit, if she wanted to stop them, she would need to send her soldiers to intercept them at Goto street, forcing them to the eastside path to Narijugo and its twisted corners and backstreets, by then she would have already prepared the grounds to take them out one by one using a combination of— "Ugh!"

"NEE-SAN!" Ichirou-kun cried out as she swayed.

A pair of ginormous hands gingerly grabbed her shoulders, steadying her until the dizziness passed.

"I'm fine." She said to Ichirou-kun, then turned to look at the colossal delinquent behind her "Thank you, Gojiro-kun, I'm ok now."

The leader of The Dog Walking Crew silently nodded, his predatorial, shark-like eyes were still tinged with worry, but he released her all the same.

Tendo Akane chose that time to make herself known. Piercing through the defensive line that was discretely forming around the injured Haruka, she made a beeline towards the younger, yet taller, girl. Haruka flinched when she got to her face.

"A-Ah, I suppose I owe you an explanation?"

"Not now." The bluette said, examining her. "Sit down."

"What?"

"Sit down!"

Haruka sat down.

Akane grabbed the hem of her nice-looking dress and, to Haruka's shock, ripped a piece from it. The Anything Goes' heiress immediately started cleaning her wounds – paying special attention to one still bleeding on her forehead – completely uncaring to the scandalous amount of thighs she was showing.

Well, she did eventually growl at the blushing boys.

"Why don't you do something useful and find me some healing supplies!?"

The delinquents all shared a look, then pockets were shuffled, then Akane's hands were almost overflowing with bandages, dressings, antibiotics, antiseptics, gauze pads, little bottles of alcohol, and other little knickknacks. The girl was left blinking owly at it. "W-Why do you have so many!?"

Shrugs rolled from delinquent to delinquent. "Some monsters drop'em." One of the colossal delinquents offered in good faith.

Akane decided to ignore that and focus on her work.

"There!" The bluette said after she finished. "Most were just cut and bruises, nothing really serious, hm, but I think you have a concussion, so but you better check with Tofu-sensei, err, when he gets back this evening, he's out of town on personal business, I believe."

Haruka nodded. She had to confess Akane's work wasn't the most… aesthetic pleasing dressing out there, but it got the job done. She can even say she's already feeling a bit better.

"You'd better find someplace to rest, though," Akane added after some consideration.

That made Haruka - and the rest of the delinquents for that matter - smile knowingly.

And so Akane learned about The Studio, the gang, Ragnarok, and just about everything else really.

She instantly started raging about it to Ranma when she found him lazing about in the studio's lodge area.

But Haruka's day didn't end there, oh no:

After much insistence of the guys, she retold the tale of the Valkyrie fight to the rest of the Crew— to their very loud, hooting delight. The story would be spread again and again with more and more embellishments in the following days.

The repelling of Ragnarok and Haruka's… overly bandaged state caused the studio to erupt in an unprompted costume party. Mostly because they had food and a bunch of weird costumes lying around in the Studio's many, many storages.

Senpai finally showed up; he was covered in some kind of green goop and was carrying 'P-chan' by the scruff of its neck - she had honestly forgotten about the pig.

The little animal managed to free itself by chewing on her senpai's fingers, which provoked a chaotic chase across the Studio that somehow ended up with it accidentally being shot by a canon to the other side of the city – They were all amazed that it was a real canon and that it actually worked! – "Seriously what the fuck was this Studio used for?!" – Senpai had shouted.

A trio of costume-making martial artists was attracted by the costume party and ended up challenging them all to a duel.

The duel somehow caused most of the clothes in the area to transform into horrible, furred suits due to them accidentally setting off an ancient magic circle half-buried in the Studio's backyard – thankfully, their underwear was spared.

Senpai – clad only in his underwear – led a semi-naked assault against these 'fur suits' which started controlling the body of the people wearing them. All while Ranma and Akane teamed up to fight the leader of the costume-making martial artists who went mad with the power of the fursuit and planned to use the ancient magic circle to make more of them – Took a while to get Akane to fight in her underwear, but she eventually managed.

Senpai gave her some pants after everything; she got oddly emotional about it but managed to hide it well.

Basically, Haruka didn't get any rest that day.

But… but turn out her mother was right.

She had no idea precisely when her shitty day turned around, but it did, she couldn't deny that.

Her dreams might have returned.

She might have spent most of her day in a skirt feeling ridiculous.

But.

In the end.

She was happy

.

.

.

.

.

And yet she still dreamed.

Porospearl, a mystical material that could withstand the power of continental busting bombardments cracked under her steps, so great was her fury.

She paid no mind to the running messages and popping screens reporting what she already knew, she had felt in her bones when it happened. To her shock, to her humiliation.

The Miranda Castle, one of the most sacred places in the Millennium, born from the power of a living goddess, molded into beyond-perfect shape and function, an unbreakable shield for those under its protection and the final end for those who dare threaten them, one of the nine Star Palaces that serve as the symbol of power for the greatest Guardian in all the nine worlds: HER symbol of power.

Tarnished. Violated. Defiled. Tainted. Stained. Fouled.

By an Intruder.

Massive doors that could endure the direct battering of a titan-class starship were nearly blown from her hinges by her push. The impossibly vast area of her courtyard had been wholly taken over by her royal guards, the elite of the elite, trained by her own hand and knighted by her own sword. Rows upon row of Azurite dragoons with jagged armors of azure and silver and shining lances. Great, titanic Moldavite-class tanks, carrying even more colossal loads. Imposingly tall God-machines molded into a similar appearance to the dragoon armor but on a scale, elegance, and power unmatched by mortals, an arsenal to redefine the word arsenal wielded by the combined hands of her every personnel all ready to be deployed at a moment's notice. It caused the stretch made to hold hundreds of thousand looked positively packed for the first time since its construction.

And all of that, all that force that could lay waste to untold worlds. Were with their weapons ready and trailing after a single figure at the center.

They made way for her to pass. Dragoons statically holding their lances suddenly shifted from their place with the speed and purpose of a well-oiled machine. Any that would fail to hold to this standard deserved to be tramped under her boots. She didn't stop, she didn't slow her pace, she just went straight ahead while the entire world politely shifted to make her passage.

Finally, when the last line of Azurite dragoons moved off her way, she brandished the Space Sword and pointed at the one and only soul that had managed to enter a Senshi's Castle uninvited—

Senpai?

Wait, it's senpai!

… Was it?

The man looked like her senpai but… he was different. Taller, bulkier, wearing clothes she never saw before in her life, with features that were more hugged and squared and… manlier than the ones she was used to. For a moment she thought she was mistaken, but then…

He had the baseball bat, THE baseball bat, the same one he practically never let go of, the same one that had saved her life once before. It rested on wider shoulders than she remembered, but there was no denying that it was the same weapon, and it was… vibrating with resonant laughter?

"You taint this most holy ground with your presence, Fiend. Speak of the wicked means that allowed you to bypass our defenses and I shall give you the clemency of a quick death. Stay silent and I shall toss your soul into the Void and have my Neverborns Slaves extract the truth from your screaming oblivion."

She felt herself saying in that beautiful, alien, and almost crystallized language she uses in her dreams. In response, the older man that was her senpai loudly slapped a hand over his face and let out a long groan. Her keen ears could perfectly decipher the English sequence even when muffled by his palm.

"I fucking hate time travel."



A/n: And so the Crew gained an noddle incident.

Also I don't know if Bluette is a word but I'm using it.

Hāfu means half japanese, it's basically how japanese people call people who have only one japanese parent.

Now for some fun info:

The Dog Walking Crew, led by Kobayashi Gorijo aka The Nutcracker, a subdivion of the Nerima Wrecking Crew made exclusively from 'that one big guy' you see in various gangs that look scary as hell but are actually pretty nice and only became deliquents because they were pushed into it by society and their peer because they're scary and strong, they usually have some undeliquent-like hobbies that they kept hidden in their previous gangs, and are only showing now in the more accepting environment of the NWC, so they are the guys you'd need if you require some oddly specific skills like flower arrangements or interior designing. - I wrote that note before the chapter make that what you will.

And yes, Hiroshi is dividing the groups within the NWC by the task they are usually assaigned to and with Crew at the end, because he finds it hilarious; so you have something like The Street Cleaning Crew, and The Elderly Assist Crew and so on, the deliquents don't care because it's english so it's cool.

And of course the high-ranking officers group (Haruka and Ranma basically) and their equivalent to Ragnarok's Eight Fists is called The Badass Crew.

What else...

Oh, right.

The final part of this Interlude, Interlude II-d, comes out tomorrow.
Last edited: Mar 2, 2022
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:jestrem, Sidrakil, Confusedbutfine and 1,224 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 12, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude II-d
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Feb 13, 2022
Add bookmark
#14,272
This takes place in the two weeks period between the last chapter (Chapter 16) and the next (Chapter 17)



Interlude II-d





She remembered when this place was supposed to be their new hope. It was not far behind in relation to the current night and day cycle, but it felt so long ago.

They were riding in the high of the greatest period in the history of their race. A dozen systems and a hundred worlds had been harvested, their ark ship grew to the size of a small moon and sprouted many other sampling carriers to accompany it in its voyage, the armies they could deploy counted in the millions, and their strength could match anything this universe could throw at them, entire planets were laid to waste by their passage, civilizations bowed and submitted, enemies were cornered and destroyed; a soaring height none of their ancestors could even dream of achieving.

Then, all of the sudden, it all came crashing down and they were left buckling under the weight of their most catastrophic defeat; everything they'd accumulated during their conquering path erased by the hands of a single, impossibly powerful man.

Their armies wiped, their fleets destroyed, their slave races liberated and rebelling, and the very reason for their existence - the last child of the beloved Mother Tree that once laid its deep roots on their long-lost Homeworld - wounded and bleeding vital energy at a horribly fast pace. They had no choice but to flee.

Delving into an Anomaly Zone was an enormous gamble, but it was the only option left to throw him off their trail. They were prepared to face imprisoned Horror-Terrors, Reality-Tearing Null-events, Incomprehensible Beings from higher dimensions, Ever Hungry Star-Gods from myths and legends, or whatever else was the reason that caused the greatest and most powerful Forcers in the galaxy to avoid the place like their continuing existence depended on it.

What they found was hope.

A little blue planet somehow existing in a section of space that could only be described as thoroughly dead, with a crude, underdeveloped race of people still tittering around a pre-space-faring age and completely blind to the more arcane aspects of reality.

It was… perfect, almost tailor-made for them to lay down their roots and start working on rebuilding what they lost, beginning, of course, with gathering enough energy to heal the festering wound left in their reason for being, then the quick overthrowing of government and the quick subjugation and slavering of the native race, nothing they hadn't done so many times before.

Really, landing in a planet brimming with life energy, with a race that couldn't fight them, that had no means of calling for help, and no one close enough to hear it even if they did?

It was like fate itself was mandating the return to their apex.

It was almost too good to be true.

And now, as she stood there right now, hunted and cornered by a mysterious enemy that always seem to find them no matter how much they moved, her brother, lover, and other half of her soul captured and probably suffering torture untold, watching everything she worked so hard for falling apart around her; she could honestly say it was.

The sound of the blows echoed across the large warehouse, bouncing across the walls and ceiling, trailing through the air sounding louder than it actually was. They came in a slow, patient pace, a sonorous rhythm that could probably have been used as meditative aid if it wasn't for the other noises that usually accompanied them.

The cracking of bone, the tearing of fresh, the bruising of meat, the gasps, the screams, the whines of pain growing more despairing and animalistic as each blow landed.

An stood frozen in place, her insides twisting, hands trembling, swallowing the bile rising that had suddenly risen to her throat as she watched her last guardian being methodically taken apart.

"V-Vam… Vam… Pir…!"

The Cardian whined hoarsely between her screams. She wasn't really doing anything with any purpose at this point. She just… wobbling around over shattered limbs, just reacting to the horrors she was being subjected to, like a broken engine chugging alone on a lone track, shedding parts of itself the further it went.

The proximity to the Makai Tree – An's most precious treasure, the direct sampling of her people's primordial giver of her life, her last connection with her lost homeworld – and the constant dripping of vital energy it provided was the only thing keeping Cardian going. That and the anatomical interest of her opponent, he seems to be profoundly interested to see how she worked; how she reacted to pain, how much she could endure, which part of her body and more vulnerable and produced more of it, how many of herself she could function without. Soon, one of those will run out and…

An closed her eyes as the final blow came, it was almost anti-climactic; a hand piercing a bleeding, flower-like torso with such concentrated strength that the impact barely spread over the rest of the body, the muffle crushing of the equivalent of a heart bringing forth a gurgling scream of "CLEANSING!", and then an unseen wave as all that energy An had worked so hard to collect dissipated uselessly into the air. An opened her eyes to see the man – the newest of the endless supply of enemies this blasted planet seems to be able to throw at her – standing amidst the slowly fading Makai particles, a cleansed Cardian card in hand.

She gulped.

"Fascinating." The man said, examining the card on his black-gloved fingers. Hawk-like, blue eyes pierced her, then slip beyond her to the jagged, arborescent form of the giant tree that took most of the room in the warehouse. "So this is the 'supernatural'. It's just like my master said."

A little shriek erupted from her throat as he started walking towards her.

"N-No, s-stay back, you, you filthy human!" An retreated with stumbling steps, "Kyah!" Nearly tripping over her heels, her hands shot up to find support on one of the Makai Tree's protruding roots.

The lethargically slow yet undoubtedly mighty flow of energy reacted to her touch. Suddenly another option was open to An's mind, perhaps her last option. If she took the energy from the Makai Tree to herself and manifested her War Form, something she hadn't done in way, way too long, she could easily flatten the enemy before her, nine hell! She could easily turn her fury towards this accursed city and completely wipe it could off the map for the sin it committed against her!… However, the amount required would be too much; the Makai Tree would die as result.

For her to have her last act of blazing defiance, she would have to kill her most precious thing in all the cosmos.

Primordial instincts warred inside her as she considered this option. In the end, she found that she couldn't, physically couldn't, take this course of action.

It all fell down to the crippling lack of energy; all her current woes stem from it.

"Blast it all!" An found herself shouting as the inevitability of her fate drew nearer. "Blast this pathetic planet for giving us false hope! Blast your primitive people for not bowing down like they were supposed to! Blast that vile Deviluke for wounding the Makai Tree!" She choked out a long whiny wail, cursing the lack of something to just throw at him. "If only I had more energy! Then you would see what a Cardian can really do! Then I couldn't be in this situation!"

The man stopped.

"Hoh…"

An trembled in place, fists locked tightly at her sides, her every breath hitching as she tried to not show her tears. What now!? She was barely holding on facing her coming end. What more could this possibly man want!? What would he do to her!?

"So, with 'more energy' you could make those creatures stronger?"

The intensity of the scrutinizing glare only worsened the depths of the pit that had formed in her stomach. But she tilted her head upwards and forced her lips to take on a superior if bitter smile. She had to act like someone from her station after all.

"Yes! Yes, you damn, lowly creature! Had I gathered enough energy, you wouldn't come even close to match my Cardians at all!" She could take pride in her defiance.

The man kept his unflinching gaze on her long enough to suck all the courage the declaration had brought her. She shrunk back over herself when he raised his hand, but no killing blow came, instead he just signaled.

His two subordinates, the ones who had by sheer chance found this place brought the man here, that until now stood stunned in the background while he did all the work, reacted to his gesture, and hurried over like the pathetic lapdogs they were.

"Y-Yes, boss?"

"Sir! what can we do for you!?"

An thought the man's right arm had disappeared for a second. Then a par of meaty thuds echoed, and two unconscious bodies were thrown at her feet.

"Here is your energy." The man said, flinging the Cardian Card he had just cleansed at her. "Show me how strong these 'Cardians' can be."

Is he…

Is he serious?

Just like that!? Did he just…

Sow the seeds of his own destruction!

A burst of crackling laughter exploded past her lips as her whole being whiplashed from one complex series of emotions to another, completely different one. The delicious irony of the situation filled her veins with molten magma. With renewed vigor, An send a wicked smile at the soon-to-be-dead man as she swiftly got down and slammed her two hands on the back of his subordinates' bodies.

"VERY WELL! If you insist!" An met the man's glare and her smile only grew as the pathetic humans she had on her hands began to convulse and moan in pain. "Prepare yourself to face the might of the Silvian race!!"
The man's lapdogs weren't like their usual choice of target, their energy too bland, the amount available too little to make a difference— but they were warriors and had clearly tasted battle; their energy reflected that.

And with two of them…

An drained what she could and leaped back. She felt the Makai Tree detecting the new energy swirling within herself through their eternal bond. The Tree reached out, desperately seeking anything that would help fill up the gnawing hollowness within itself, anything that could help close the gaping hole that clung to it at a conceptual level, and for the first time since arriving on this planet, An denied it.

As much as it hurt her in the core, she needed every ounce of vital energy available, she had to secure their future and get vengeance on a lowly monkey after all.

So, she acted. Holding the cleansed card between her index and middle finger, she poured everything she had absorbed into it. The burning energy of two warrior souls filled the artifact and caused it to thrum with power, the energized Makai particles making the arcane image on its face manifest again. Then, she threw the card to the air and snatched Ail's flute from its sheath at her lower back.

Her brother, lover, and other half of her soul would have woven an elegant, graceful melody as if to announce the Cardian's arrival upon this lowly world, with the proper gravitas and nobility it deserved. An had no time for such niceties. Her song was turbulent and sharp-edged, announcing nothing to the world but power, viciousness, and the overwhelming desire for vengeance.

Her Cardian responded all the same.

"We, Vampir, have arrived!!!"

And she was magnificent.

A far cry from the ugly, unappealing shell she had been summoned in before when An was forced to cut many, many, many corners, she was now a creature of dancing curves and awe-inspiring beauty. Her lustrous cerulean hair fell down in a perfect curtain to her prominent rear, a long bang keeping half of the aristocratic features with melting green eyes and ruby red lips enticingly hid away from view. Her body curved and waved in a manifestation of femininity that brought jealously and desires for all who saw it, a flowery dress snuggly clung on to her voluptuous form, puffing elegantly where they should, and showing windows into the supple turquoise skin where they dared.

And yet, even as enchanting beauty could be found no matter what part of her you looked at, there was no denying the danger that lurked beneath it. From her perfectly manicured and painted nails stretching like small daggers, the hint of life-draining fangs poking against the plushness of her red lips, the predatory eyes that looked upon a prey and instantly raised some deadly considerations. A charming rose with long, poisonous thorns, she was.

"My lady." The Cardian Vampir bowed flowery at her feet, and An felt giggly at having such a perfect creature lowering herself to her. She had forgotten how majestic their Cardians could be when properly.

But she was still less than what she could be, An could sense it; the energy of those two warriors was only enough to bring Vampir to about half of her full capabilities. However! even half of a full-powered Cardian was much better than the pathetic percentage she was forced to work with before, and it was more than enough to deal with him.

"Vampir!" An's voice boomed, she could already taste her victory. "Kill him!" She pointed.

The Cardian instantly blurred forward and out of view in a burst of crimson petals, slamming into the man in a crash that shook the entire warehouse.

… The Silvian princess An went through a long and complex journey of emotions in these next minutes.

From twisting elation, victory, and vindication at the start, when a vicious exchange of blows threatened to take the whole warehouse apart. To growing apprehension as the surrounding destruction began to lessen, the attacks turning more focused, and a clear side began to take the advantage. To open shock as the deployment of more arcane methods prove to be just as ineffective as direct combat. To her gripping terror as everything once again slowed down to that terrible series of methodic, echoey blows.

This time it was much worse, much, much worse.

The broken bones, torn flesh, bruised skin, now had a more sophisticated mind behind them, knowing just exactly how much damage she was taking, just how broken she was getting. So, the stomach-turning sounds caused by the analytical blows were now accompanied by loud cursing, weak threats of violence, whiny, high-pitched begging, tearful pledging and choking, desperate cries for help… so many cries for help.

"Impressive." The man said, standing among the circling mist of slowly dissipating Makai particles with the cleansed Cardian Card back in hand. "So much stronger after only two grunts…"

No injury, barely any sign he had fought the most powerful Cardian she managed to unleash since arriving in this world. There was the barest hint of ruffle and tears on his white suit, but that was it. If anything, that somehow seems to make him even more terrifying.

She…

Brought low once again from the heights of her power, that seems to be the trend, isn't it? Going from basking on the glory of the greatest moment in their history to scurrying away in a single arc ship supported by a dying tree, from enjoying the steady supply of energy provided by those dumb, easily targetable humans to suddenly have their Cardian inexplicable challenged and pushed back at all sides, from finally settling in somewhere comfortable and gaining some semblance of stability to having to run with their tails between their legs as a team of terrifying human elites tore their fresh foundation from under them and relentlessly chased after them, and now, and now this.

An sagged to her knees. Everything was coming to a head, their triumphs, their failures, the Makai Tree's pitiful state, the continuing dwindling of their forces, the constantly blow to their pride, the fear, the love of her life and only other being like her in this cold cosmos shot and bound like a dog while screaming for her to keep going and protect the tree…

It was… too much.

Her rosette eyes had lowered to the now cracked, shattered floor while the aches inside her chest grew to a point that simply left her numb.

A pair of white shoes appeared in her vision, and she reflexively looked up.

A piece of the warehouse ceiling had fallen during the previous battle and the invading light seem to form up into a halo behind him. Like a Silvian demigod ready to deliver devastation upon a lowly world, the man now shone before her eyes; his white suit, his yellow cravat, the purple locks of his hair…

He was resplendent.

"Woman… Can you make more of those?"

An felt herself nodding, feeling more than a little overwhelmed by the sight.

"Good. Then, you work for me now, I'll make sure you will never be lacking in 'energy'." A back-gloved hand raised upwards and pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, a sheet of light flashed over the circular lens and his cold azure eyes. "As long as you give me the army I need to fulfill my ambition."

… Realization clicked in An's mind, provoking another whiplash on her emotions and she barely managed to prevent the large, twisted smile from manifesting.

Instead, she sightly shifted her body; an arching of her back, and raise of her hips, and tilting of her head… changing her body language in subtle ways that emphasized the swell of her bosom and the roundness of her breedable rear.

No matter what species they are, or what world they came from, men will always be the same. And that provided her with another chance, a unique, delicious opportunity.

"It shall be done my lord, this little An will provide for you~" She mewled daintily, like a submissive little Charmian princess before a conquering Ctarl-Ctarl warlord. Then she delicately accepted the offered hand and allowed herself to be pulled up.

She will play her part well, she will give him his army, bide her time, make him more dependent on her, worm into his life, his thoughts, his everything, till all he wanted, all he needed, was her. Yes, she is going to enjoy making this one her toy; he's quite hunky now that she was seeing him up close. "I'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage, my lord?"

"You will call me Odin." An tried to not let her now conviction break under the intensity of his piercing gaze. "Welcome to Ragnarok."



A/n: Smaller than usual, but it does it's job.

If you don't know the POV from this chapter is An part of the villainous duo resposible for the Cardians on Sailor Moon R.

As you can see I took some liberties building some lore between her race and culture and sprinkled across this chapter, as we only get the very basics in the show.

Her race is now called Silvian, and the reason their Cardians looked like they did in the show and talked like pokemon is because they are running at minimal fuctions, their backstory and their reason for being here are all on me.

Also, just to clarify, if you've seen the show you'd know that the Makai Tree is actually a total bro tree who was getting pissed at watching the race it nurtured for so long turn into space locust, and actually want to be sustained by the love they have to one another rather than stolen energy. Here tho, because it was wounded by this universe's clostest equivalent to an Disgaea protagonist, it just wants to fucking live.

So it's demanding more energy, which caused the duo to be more reckless and maybe target some people they shouldn't, and the rest is history.

And if it wasn't clear, Ail, An's lover and brother (I'm making them siblings as a nod to the show and because fuck it) got captured by Shiori and the Temple's black ops. They really, really shouldn't have targeted Ena.

Hope you guys liked the fast updates this week.

I'm beat.
Last edited: Feb 13, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 959 others
Adudefromthesea
Feb 13, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Mar 3, 2022
Add bookmark
#16,135
Edit: This chapter starts after a timeskip of two weeks from the last chapter (Chapter 16, not the interludes).

Sorry for the delay, this went a little out of control.

This was suppose to be part 1 of chapter 17, but it got to big and complex for that so now it's a full chapter

As promised all I'll update all the extra content after this, probably tomorrow.

Please enjoy the chapter and leave a comment if you like.

Shout out to Bommel for starting an Tv Tropes page for this story. Here is a link if you want to check out or help out building it: https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/NewGameNewlife



Chapter 17






One thing I started to notice lately, is that there are clear differences between a 'natural' Illusion Barrier and the ones I make with my gamer skill.

The oppressive supernatural feeling radiating from every direction and pretty much neutralizing my Spiritual Senses skill was still there, but in natural Illusion Barriers it feels almost like it was… pulsating, like it was moving by itself, or maybe breathing. The only word it comes to mind when I try to focus on describing it is organic, but like, spiritually organic… but not really, I'm going on a tangent, but basically, things get confused from there on.

Other than the differences in structural foundations of pocket dimensions, another big distinction I found was in the monsters living inside. Namely, they aren't really monsters, not Gamer System's monsters at least.

A dust cloud billowed behind me as I raced across the rocky landscape. Long, thin forms of the pale-white dead trees blurring around me.

The blue glow of my inventory screen shone starkly against the darkness. My Gamer System allowed me to move it in any direction I want as long as it was at arm's reach, so I placed it right behind me. From it, a virtual swarm of Earth Sprites poured out as I ran, making for a very curious trail.

Sprites were my own little magic innovation I somehow managed to cook up. To say it changed my relationship with Lucretia would be an understatement. Sure, my new magic teacher was already interested in me for my unique abilities, but the Sprites were the thing that made her sit down and pay attention to my magical potential.

Little pseudo spirits made from your own mana that greatly enhanced the power of your spells as its most basic ability. We're still in the process of figuring out everything they can do, but the results were already very promising.

In this particular case; due to them standing somewhere between being their own individual creatures and being part of me, I could control them as I could my own mana, so I had them keeping up with my speed, circling around me like an improvised earth wall.

You could say it was the only thing keeping me from a rather messy death.

"""""""""""""SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"""""""""""""""

The aggravatingly loud, shrill sounds that melted together into one booming screech have been the only thing I was able to hear in a while, since I started to run, in fact. It was the battle cry of the second swarm, one equally big as the one circling around me, as it assaulted my improvised defenses from all directions.

That constant assault meant that holes were constantly opening and closing over my barrier as black, imp-like forms swept in and ate chunks of it before retreating to give space for the next attacker. I have no doubt that they would love to use this tactic on my naked flesh rather than earth spirits-things, but I wouldn't be where I am today without perfecting my ability of not giving my enemies what they want. As that thought crossed my mind, one of the little flying pests broke past the last layer of my wall, the first one that managed to do so.

Kurokoumori
Vagrant Akuma
Level 06

The grotesque bat-like akuma immediately exploded in a shower of gore due to a closer encounter with my baseball bat of course, but the fact it has managed to get this close was telling. I was running out of earth sprites.

Time to end this.

Swirling my heels into an abrupt turn, I dashed forwards in a different direction for a couple of steps and then leaped. The sudden change was enough to throw the murderous colony of akuma bats off for a couple of seconds, but soon they were shooting upwards, following me as I climbed one of this forest's overly tall, leafless trees.

I kept my eyes ahead towards the very top. My bat rested on my shoulder while my other hand lightly tapped on the rushing white trunk beneath to orient myself and give me the occasional bust. My legs worked under me, rapidly curling and uncurling, throwing me upwards faster and faster, but never throwing me off. I felt a smile crossing my face, I couldn't exactly feel it doing it, but I knew, I just knew that my ki was coursing through my legs, helping my body achieve the impossible objective my mind set to it, keeping me glued to the tree as I ran across like it was a continuation of the ground and gravity was a kind suggestion instead of a hard rule. I've been… not feeling it but noticing these little ki interactions a lot more lately. Best not to focus too much, as I noticed that if I did that, the stuff usually stopped working.

It was almost the opposite of mana; you don't use ki to do stuff, you do stuff and ki come attached to it.

Ten seconds is all that it took to get me to the top of the dozen stories tall tree. By the end, I had to sink my fingers into the stone-like wood to help me bleed off the momentum and finally stop.

I ended up gripping the last length of the tree trunk that led to the very top, with a foot on the last, frail-looking branch, while the other waved midair. A moment later and the rising trail of bats caught up, breaking against my dangerously thinning wall and then spreading around me like a giant, fluttering cloud.

A group of small, flying enemies that, despite dying in one hit, could replace their lost numbers at a seemly endless pace, all while posing a genuine threat if all attack at the same time. I chuckled. A week ago, this would be a nightmare to deal with.

A week ago.

Now, I just wrapped my elbow around the tree trunk to keep my balance and slapped my hands together - making sure to shift the handle of my baseball bat to the crook of my other elbow in the process - and closed my eyes.

"Practe bigi nar." I uttered the practice incantation Lucretia had taught me. Normally, this would only work after a period of mental training where these words became a sort of self-hypnosis key to put the apprentice magician into the proper mentality to cast spells, but, as it's often the case with me, I cheated.

My new 'Activation Key' skill currently increased the power of any of my spells by 7%, cut off the mana required to cast for about 2%, and, even more bullshittingly, allowed me to perfectly remember the incantation of the spell I intended to use.

I like to think that countless mage apprentices bent over large tomes wracking their brains trying to memorize the long sentences of magical words that are required to cast their spells cry tears of blood each time I use this skill.

"Basiliske, galeōtē, meta chōktō podōn kai kakoin ommatoin!" The words popped up to the forefront of my mind just as my mouth move to voice them. Curious thing these Words of Power, just like any other word until you pour mana and intention to it, then it becomes a reality-warping cheat code, I wonder where they originated from.

At that point, my improvised barrier couldn't keep up with the assault and more and more bats were getting in, tearing through my clothes and rasping their fangs against my superhumanly hard skin, some even managed to draw blood.

Any other mage would have their concentration disrupted by that point.… and that is why I was grateful for the new perk that I got from finally passing 50 of Intelligence.

Perk: Steady Mind.
+ 10% increase in your focus and concentration.

Perks continued their tendency to give minor but useful abilities rather than the game-breaking powers I remember them giving in some of the Gamer fanfics I used to read. But I wasn't complaining, heck, it was perfect for situations exactly like this one.

"To phōs emēi cheiri katiās tōi kakōi dergmati toxeusatō!" I could feel the effect the Words had on my mana. It churned, boiled, and twisted inside me; weaving itself into a complex series of patterns I couldn't even begin to comprehend. But for now, that was fine. Lucretia had said that it took years for even master magicians to decipher the spell patterns enough to be able to reproduce them silently.

"Oculus mali Petrificationis!"

The last Words were the name of the spell proper; they serve as a type of ignition key that activates the whole thing. Normally, this particular spell would eject a magical pulse from the palm of the caster's hands – appearing to the outside view as a flash of light – that would deliver its effects on anyone hit by it. Naturally, the further away the targets were from the source of the pulse the lesser the effect over them would be, with about ten meters of distance neutralizing the spell entirely. So other than a supposed 'laser form' Lucretia had alluded to when she taught me this, it was very much a short-range spell, hardly something one would use against an enormous swarm of monster bats flying far away from them.

And that is why instead of concentrating the charged mana on the palm of my hands like I was supposed to, I threw it through the many connections I maintained with something that was technically still part of myself but not at the same time. The Earth Sprites, or, more precisely, the Earth Sprites still inside the bats' stomachs.

A huge chunk of my MP disappeared in an instant due to the sheer amount of target I had to focus on, but the effects were quite spectacular. There was a single unifying SCREECH! And it was like a violent wave rippled across the murderous cloud. The next second saw the bats start to fall from the sky like a black rain, or just bursting outright in a shower of blood and gore. I got to confess this last one caught me by surprise a bit.

Out of curiosity I reached out and grabbed one of the akuma bats as it dropped past, holding it by the tip of one of its wings at arm's length because, um, gross. I took one look at the thing's screeching, twitching, dying form and the blood pouring out of its every orifice, and realized what must have happened.

Kakon Omma Petrōseōs was supposed to be one of the safest petrification spells there is. Any living target caught by its flash would be encapsulated by a magical layer of stone and have its movement locked, but they would still be able to breathe and their organs would function normally. The spell was even gentle enough to put them in a magically induced sleep to avoid an 'I Have No Mouth And I Must Scream' situation. It was practically an overzealous binding spell.

But what happened with the bats was a little different. I had intended to completely petrify them all and have them die by the fall, or at least keep them out of the way for the time being, but what ended up happening was that some of the spell structure got chopped up due to me transferring it through so many different 'channels', so it could only petrify parts of the targets and not their whole, adding to that; the spell did not start from the outside like it was intended, it started from the inside, directly from their stomachs.

The result what that these bats who were high on adrenaline and blood pressure suddenly had half their inwards turned to stone. And that meant, well, death by pop.

"Not even a month as a mage and already turning perfectly safe spells into killing curses, way to go Hiroshi," I said to myself, dangling the now dead yokai back and forth. "The Harry Potter community would be proud."

Well, it's not like I wasn't going to test that out when I face my next demon, especially if It's a frog demon.

Chuckling at the nice mental image, I finally released the corpse and let it fall towards the fellows of its kind now painting a rather grim picture at the base of the tree.

… There was no body popping into smoke, no loot left behind, even the tags above their heads were different. These aren't monsters made by my Illusion Barrier skill, these are real monsters, real akuma, no, yokai, attracted by and living inside a natural Illusion Barrier.

I guess that confirms the fact that my monsters are actually constructs created by my skill. This might raise some questions from the people in the known, but I'm a bit glad me and my friends weren't committing genocide on a regular basis, I have no doubt this would have bitten us in the ass later.

I exhaled a long cold breath, dropping off my musings and shifting my focus back to the present. One swept across the brilliant night sky told me that I got most of the demonic bats, there were still some stragglers here and there, but they were too few in numbers to pose any threat, not as they were before that is.

Secured in the knowledge that the sky wasn't dominated by a fluttering storm of biting dead anymore, I dipped my hands inside my inventory screen pulled out a flare gun, then promptly illuminated the sky with a large, red-colored signal.

A couple of long seconds later, a second signal surged at the distance. I smiled at that.

A long drop and a fast run later, and I reach the general area the second flare had come from. The dark form of the huge, medieval castles made itself evident among the almost equally tall trees. Soon enough, I broke past the tree line into the vast hilltop, hopped over the initial set of half-collapsed walls without much difficulty, leaped over a large, empty moat, and made my way to the front gate of the castle.

"So, everybody holding on alright!?" I called up as I approached the group huddled up by the entrance.

It says something about Furikan students that they were not trembling and cornering anymore – granted, the lack of a colony of demon bats clouding the sky and trying to eat them helped with that – five of the students still mostly leaning on each other for support though, with the most panicked girl crying softly against her boyfriend's shirt, but they still reacted to my presence and sent me grateful and relieved looks, so at least they weren't in shock.

The sixth student was the one who looked like they had their shit mostly under control and was actually standing a bit apart from the rest in a show of defending them.

As expected from someone in my crazy class.

"Ah, Ōe-san glad to have you back with us. I trust your task has been successful?" Isayama Suzue, my class' president, said to me like I had just come back from a casual stroll. Damn girl, that's an almost Haruka-level of coolness you're rocking there.

I kept my smile up. "Well, you aren't seeing any more bats, are you?" I laughed. Then made a brief show of catching sight of my own baseball bat and cheekily trying to hide it behind my back.

This produced the result I wanted and got prez to open her own slightly shaking smile. "Indeed. I'm glad you managed to lose them."

'Lose them'. Heh!

"Ah," Prez's eyes dropped down as if she had just remembered something, and then she presented me the thing she has been threateningly holding in her two hands the entire time. "Here you go, Ōe-san. Hm, if I might ask, where did you get a flare gun?"

Put my hand over it and gently pushed it over to her, indicating she could keep hold of it for now. She was clearly getting some sense of security from it. "I'm not sure. I just wrote a list of equipment I wanted in case of an emergency and gave it to my kunoichi to acquire it for me. She ended up overachieving it and going for the stuff I put it as a joke. I thought wise to not ask too many questions."

Prez adjusted her glasses in a very anime-like fashion. "I-I see?" She says uneasily.

And of course, that was about the time a comet crashed nearby. It produced a large boom, cracked the ground beneath it, and made the students let out frightened screams. Prez froze up and latched on my sleeve for a moment.

"KORA! YOU TINY BATS ARE NOTHING AGAINST MY POWERRRR!!!!" A mountain of muscles molded in the form of a sexy minotauress rose from the smoke and brought her gauntleted hands together crushing, two demonic bats against each other. "MINON SMASH! MINONNN!!!!—GAURH!"

Her cry was rudely interrupted by my baseball bat striking her on the back of her head and nearly driving her whole upper body into the ground.

"Keep it down damn it!" I hissed out. "You're going to attract stragglers to… and of course."

Even more demonic bats paradisaically materialized in the skies and dove towards us. Thankfully, this time they were on a more manageable number.

My sharp aim and Mana Bolts took out five before they even got close. "Minon!" I barked.

"YESSIR!" The muscular cowgirl in tiny bikini armor instantly sprung out to attention, rising from her ostrich-like position to her full height with a large chunk of the ground still stuck in her horns and a trail of blood dripping down her forehead. Her beaming smile never left her face.

I shot down a few more bats. "Go to the others and keep them safe. Smash any enemy that gets too close." The usage of her favorite word killed any protest the Cardian might have about playing defense.

"AYE AYE SIR! MINON!" She shouted as she took off running.

"Hey, wait—" I sighed, watching her retreating back. Minon and I are going to have a talk after this.

Resisting the urge to massage the bridge of my nose, I turned to class prez, who was still standing rather stiffly with her arm crossed under her flat bust.

"Please duck," I spoke.

She obeyed without question and my swing obliterated the yokai bat that had dived for her head.

I stepped closer to her crouching form, standing practically over her. The screeching mass of bats descended upon us.

But it wasn't the overwhelming murder cloud of before, so I wasn't worried. Twisting my entire body into swing after swing, using the momentum of one to build up the next, I practically flowed into a nearly constant series of attacks, circling around Prez with the steps of a dancer while obliterating anything within a baseball bat-length radius around us. Any akuma that so much as fluttered an inch closer died, simple as that.

To my surprise, when the mass thinned to singular numbers, a bright red light shone behind my back and one of the demon bats got yeeted to the distance by a flare, screeching away as its flesh burned. It would be awesome to say it died from that, but it was simply too tough. A quick Mana Bolt put an end to it before it could rise back up, though.

I quickly killed the last two still flying around before stopping right above Prez. the girl was clutching the flare gun to her chest, breathing heavily.

"Nice work," I said, trying to give her a reassuring smile, she raised her eyes and looked fixedly at me for a couple of seconds while her breathing slowed back down, before nodding. Her face red from the adrenaline.

I could hear the distance screeching coming close and knew that the second wave was about to go around the castle and come here. So, I reached down and pulled her up.

"Can you walk?"

Prez did the anime glasses push once again. "… I'm afraid not, Ōe-san." She said slowly. And indeed, her legs were trembling slightly under her.

"Then raise your arms," I said and she did so without hesitation.

If prez had any qualms about being thrown over my shoulder like a sack of potatoes she didn't vocalize it. But with a swarm of akuma bats threatening to be upon us at any second, I really needed a hand free to wield my baseball bat. Besides, I was only taking her a short distance away, so it's not like she'd have to bear the indignity for very long.

… But God damn I couldn't help but admire the absolute treasure right next to my face, discreetly, of course. Prez wasn't the prettiest girl in our class, that spot was taken by Tendo Akane or arguably Fujimori Yuka, but no one could deny that Isayama Suzue left every other girl in the dust when it comes to her behind, the girl was so thick that even Ranma took notice.

Depositing prez to the rest of the students – Stoically and professionally of course. No, you didn't see me looking at the ass, I saw you looking at the ass you dirty fiend – I swiftly turned back just in time to meet the second wave of enemies. A few Mana Bolts and some quick repositing drew them away from the bystanders, to much of Minon's loud disappointment.

"HYAH!"

Cried out my unnecessary but still appreciated reinforcement as she suddenly jumped down from one of the castle's low rooftops and took out five bats with her landing.

Tendo Akane.
Heiress to the Tendo's branch of Anything Goes Martial arts school.
Level: 25

"Your cow woman ruined the plan, Ōe-san!" Akane's quick report drew my eyes back to her and I managed to witness the series of punches and high roughhouse kicks that ended demonic bats left and right.

"I'll talk to her later!" I answered back, satisfied that her increase in level wasn't just for show.

High above us, a glint of metal told of a collection of spinning blades of various sizes being launched in the sky like boomerangs, taking out the bats on the higher altitudes before spinning back to the sender. My grin only grew when I saw who it was.

But without further delay, I threw myself in the action.

There wasn't really any interesting way to describe the next few minutes; we fought the bats and we killed them all. I suppose there was some effort made to make sure they do not get close to the non-combatant, but that was barely an addendum.

"Last one," Akane informed as her ankle bisected the little akuma and its body joined the rest on the ground.

"Yeah." I agreed, swinging my baseball bat to the side to get rid of the excess blood.

Hm, we made for a rather grisly sight standing over all these bloody bat corpses, now that I noticed.

"More?" The girl asked, her guard still up.

"Maybe in deeper in the forest. This place is completely clear."

"… Good." Akane folded her arms to her sides with her fists sticking out and let out a long breath. One of Anything's Goes 'ending stances' I recognized; I think it steadies your ki for something because I tried myself and it actually works to help you focus and relax after a fight.

"Good work, Akane-san." I beamed at the girl, which broke her tranquility a bit and made her sigh.

"You're being a little too chirpy, Ōe-san."

"I wonder…" I said, still smiling. I wasn't without reason; I just learned a new way to brutally kill demons, I brushed my cheek against class prez's glorious rump, but more importantly…

I leaned closer to the girl, not really doing anything too overt but making it clear with a tilt of my chin that I was talking about our fellow students at the distance. "Look at them, Akane-san." She blinked at me, taking a couple of seconds to get it. "They were just going about their day, enjoying lunchtime, before being swept into another dimension. They did not ask to be here, and they don't really understand what is happening, the only thing they are certain of is that this is a dangerous situation… Yet they know we are the 'odd ones' at school, and given the way they've seen us act, they must have realized that we have an idea of what is happening and probably think we have things under control." I paused to let the words sink in, looking into the girl's eyes so she could see how serious I was. "So, Akane-san, I won't ask you to smile or act casually like I'm doing, but please, show them your strength, because they badly need it."

The girl's lovely features hardened, and she gave me a firm nod. When she looked ahead, her face was the very picture of bravery.

I couldn't help but chuckle at that. Laying on a bit thick, but she got the right idea.

Prez wasn't the only one standing among the students anymore. It seems that seeing the picturesque 'kung fu' fight, or maybe the utter annihilation of an enemy we could do nothing but run away before had raised their spirits quite a bit. Akane and I were showered in cheers and praises when we approached, Akane especially because while everybody at Furinkan knew the girl could literally fight an army, I was the tall, burly delinquent with a baseball bat and she was the short, 'delicate' girl, so her show was more impressive by default.

No, instead of focusing on the students, I turned towards my minions.

"Masterrrr! Did you see me? Did you see me? I stayed there the entire time! I've done exactly what you ordered me too, nyan~!" Falion skipped on her feet towards me like an overly happy nun gliding over a field of flowers at the start of some period drama. Though the clinking of the rolls of bloody knives on her waist broke this image. She bumped her forehead against my arms and began to nuzzle me like a possessive cat. One of her eyes then popped open and sent an evil look at her fellow Cardian behind her. "Unlike someone, falion~"

"Lies! I didn't disobey master's orders! I would never ever do that! Minon!" The minotauress shook her head vigorously while her fists did the same in front of her, it did distracting things to her gigantic, barely-covered chest.

Amusingly enough, a piece of the ground was still stuck in her horns.

Yes, two Cardian summoned at the same time. I'm still not used to that, but a second slot opened when the Summon Cardian skill hit level 5, a fact that doubled the number of reinforcements I could bring to the field, it would be criminal not to exploit that in situations such as this.

There was a catch, however, and it was clear to see floating above their heads.

Minon
Cardian of The Strength
Level: 15

Falion
Cardian of The Chariot
Level: 15

My summoning skill increased the maximum level my Cardian could be summoned by five with each skill level. Currently, at level six, I could summon one of my Cardian at any level up to thirty, where they get… surprisingly powerful, if I say so myself. But to summon more of them I'd have to divide the levels between the two, at any proportion I'd decide, so I was literally exchanging quality for quantity when I put the two in the field at the same time.

This odd tangent could wait, however, for now there I something I needed to deal with.

"Minon," I said, growing serious. My hand absent-mindedly went over to Falion's ears and made the cat girl moan in delight. "You left, I told you to protect the others, but you left."

A strangled gasp escaped my cowgirl and she looked absolutely devastated for a second before she close off her face with her own serious expression and did a perfect salute. "Master, this Cardian obeyed your orders to the letter, no harm befell on those under my protection while you're gone. But I left my post, yes, but it was because I judged that to be the best course of action to protect the group; several clusters of enemies needed to be dealt with before they gathered together and posed a bigger threat, and I only did so after I made sure they would stay at a safer place."

…

… Ok, not gonna lie, I wasn't expecting that, especially not from Minon, but I kept my expression schooled as I gave her a slow nod. "Alright. I accept your logic." I said eventually, and Minon nearly sagged to the ground in relief.

"You've still left the group without a protector though… at least not a visible one." I looked at Falion and she nodded happily.

"Falion is the sneakiest of cats, nyan~!"

I know at least half of her act is to get her enemies to drop their guard, but damn she's cute.

"Don't worry master!" Minon called out, her fist bumping on her chest. It was amazing how it didn't just bounce it off, considering the amount of jiggling it produced. "The younglings will learn to fend for themselves eventually! They just need a few more trials by fire!"

I couldn't help but smile at her worldview. That was so far from my point it's incredible.

"Ōe-san," Prez called for my attention and interrupted the short meeting. Akane followed right behind her. "We have a problem."

"Let me guess."

Akane didn't. "Ranma hasn't come back yet!"

Yeah, that… That's a bit worrisome. I turned to look at the half-opened castle gate leading off to its shadowy interior.

From the start, it was obvious where the 'Boss' of the area, or at least 'The High Leveled Enemy' that was preventing me from breaking the barrier or simply picking everybody up escape was located. Ranma had gone right in after he got an idea of the situation; his logic being that if he could defeat the boss fast enough, he could get us a way out of the flying swarm of bats that had threatened to kill the trapped students. I stayed behind to make sure those said students didn't die while he did so.

I'd truly expected that he would be able to finish way earlier, but another try with my Escape Illusion Barrier skill just now got me the usual error message, confirming that the boss was still alive. I tried to keep my nerves calm by reminding myself that he wasn't alone in there; he had the support from a certain vegan werewolf that also got roped into this. But, still, it was hard not to have some NOMAD flashbacks.

"You didn't hear any sounds? No explosions or parts of the castle breaking?" I asked because the last thing a pissed off Ranma would be was quiet. I mean, I can't hear anything like that now, but…

Class Prez shook her head. "There's been nothing since they went inside."

"I'm going in." Akane declared, her tone firm but tinged with worry.

My hand snapped up and gripped her shoulder. "We are going to do this smartly." She frowned and shook my hand off, but thankfully didn't rush in ahead. I turned back to Prez.

"Kaichou, I need you to take the others and find a place to hide. We already took care of all the enemies in this area, so you should be safe if you keep away from the forest." The girl nodded. I could see that having a clear direction has brought her some comfort.

"You two." I addressed my Cardians. Falion swiftly bounced back from where she was bodily nuzzling against my back and stood to attention next to Minon. "I need you to continue to protect the others, but I need you to stay close to them this time around. Hopefully, this won't take it too long." My orders caused a happy cry of acknowledgment from them, but I was already turning back to Akane.

"Now we're ready."

The girl let out a long breath, squared her shoulders, and then strode forwards. Myself only a step behind her.

-0-0-0-​

Fortunately, this turned out to be a case of us worrying too much.

The insides of the castle were trashed, plain and simple, I have no idea why the people outside didn't hear anything, but the fact was that this place clearly looked like it has come down with a terminal case of Saotome Ranma. Every wall, ceiling, and even some of the floor was marked by cracks, craters, or enormous holes. Shattered remains of great clockwork mechanisms that took me a while to realize were traps littered about everywhere. There were also enemies, what's left of them at least; armored golems, canine-like beasts, giant insects that made Akane shriek, all laying either dead or unconscious along the hallways.

Two of them in particular gave me pause. We found each in lavishly decorated rooms that seems to be filled with contraptions and specifically build to give advantage to one side. They were giant, humanoid bats and unlike every other monster inside this barrier, they seem to have a specific name and a unique title. That alone made me glad they were among the unconscious, because all the signs pointed to them being actually sapient yokai.

I'm still learning about supernatural politics, but by what I've come to understand the more animal-like yokai like the demonic bats from before were free game if they attack you, but when the yokai are smart and self-aware enough to be considered a person, then things get a lot more complicated. Even if the Game System was titled then as 'Akuma', which was basically rogue yokai who eats humans indiscriminately, I prefer them unconscious over dead to lower the risk of a diplomatic incident.

After finding the mini-bosses - because they could only be mini-bosses - Akane and I had an easier time tracking the trail of destruction Ranma left behind. At the start, he seems to be going off in random directions, but after the mini-bosses, it was clear he got some kind of a lead and broke things apart a single and straightforward path to the boss room, which we, of course, followed.

There we found... the actual reason it was taking so long.

"STOP GETTING IN MY WAY MAN-GIRL!!!"

"WHAT THE HELL DID YOU CALL ME YOU, DAMN FURBALL!!!"

… Of course they would be too busy fighting each other to fight the boss, what was I thinking?

Ranma, now in his female form, bounced across the walls and chandeliers like a god damn pinball, the fast movements leaving a trail of cold air that lowered the temperature of the entire room and somehow cloaked her body with a layer of rotating wind; a clear indication that Ranma was pissed enough to use one of her new, experimental airbender-like technique – I still have no idea how the fuck she pulled that off.

Himiko Kenji in the meanwhile was rooted to the center of the room, the upper half of his Furinkan Uniform in tatters and showing up a way more muscular build he had started his morning with. He was snapping his head around trying to follow the redhaired's movements while also throwing the occasional expensive-looking furniture at her.

With an impulse that cracked the stone wall, Ranma launched herself at the werewolf in a direct attack. He managed to get into position just in time and caught Ranma's fists. A deafening shockwave followed as Ranma's tornado cloak continue forwards and opened bloody cuts across Kenji's whole form. Those cuts closed a second later as the werewolf's muscular form swelled even more, this time reaching bodybuilding sizes. He still got blown back and crashed against the opposite wall though.

I just stood there by the entryway and sighed. I could picture it now; two guys with abrasive, headstrong personalities already pissed and on edge because innocent people got hurt and/or their meal got interrupted, rushing inside a twisted labyrinth they knew nothing about, getting harassed by traps and enemies the entire way, probably getting lost a few times, definitely getting into each other's way due to the unfamiliarity with each other's move sets. I have no doubt many insults were probably thrown in that environment, maybe some provocation, or some general ribbing, all building up pressure and getting on their nerves till finally, something set them up right in the boss room.

It was almost like chemistry, really.

"W-What are they doing!?" Akane finally found her voice, and by the tone of it, she was yet to believe in what she was seeing.

"Letting out steam," I said, my eyes scanning the room. Ah, there's the boss.

The poor guy was pressing his trembling body against the wall behind what appeared to be the remains of his throne, looking at the display of wanton destruction happening before him with horror in his eyes.

Koyumaru
Nobusuma Akuma
Level 42

He was one of those humanoid bats like his mini-bosses, but way taller, bulkier, and dressed in an elaborated cape-and-tuxedo combo that could easily be confused with a tacky Dracula cosplay. He was also bright orange, a color that almost made him look like a squirrel rather than a bat.

And...

And he was weak.

I couldn't really put into words how exactly I figured that out. I just took one look and knew this guy wouldn't be a trouble in a fight. There was just something in the way he positioned himself and the feeling he gave off that I could just tell...

But his level was higher than mine, apparently that was all my Game System needed to block my skill.

"I'm going to throttle the two!" Akane fumed, finally putting all the pieces together.

"Let's take care of the trash first." I mused, dipping my fingers into my inventory screen that I opened beside me.

It's a bit unfair to Ranma and Kenji after all the trouble they went through… but I'm also a little peeved at them for making me worry.

A long trail of fire sprites followed my hand as I took it out. Akane's eyes widened at the sight, still not used to seeing me use actual magic. I admit her attention made me put a bit of a flare in my movements as I theatrically raised my arm, spread my hand into a finger gun, and then pointed at the boss. The little sprites instantly snapped to action and formed an orbiting ring around my wrist.

"Practe bigi nar." I sang out the Activation Key and all of the rotating sprites melted into my arm, fulfilling its most basic function by injecting new, charged energy directly in my mana reserves and making my entire body thrum with power as consequence.

The Word of Power bloomed inside my mind aided by my new skill... But to tell the truth, I did not need my skill for this specific spell. It wasn't that it was easy, or particularly memorable.

It's just that I'd already memorized this spell long ago.

"Undecim spiritus ignis,"

Suddenly, I was in another place, in another time, in a different, much younger body. I held my grandfather's hand as we entered the small, homely bookstore. My eyes traced over the thick tomes and dusty journals, quickly growing bored with it all.

"Vincula facti inimicum captent."

Yet, near the shop's counter there was a small magazine stand, by far the most colorful reading material in the entire store, so, naturally, where I gravitated towards. In here, tucked away between a pair of drab and uninspiring American comics, was a short, but surprisingly thick book with a peculiar art style that I was instantly drawn to. My very first manga.

I fell in love right there.

"Sagitta Magica, Flammae Capturae!!!"

Arguably the most iconic magical spell of Mahou Sensei Negima, or at least a variation of it, burst out from my finger. The singular trail of fire quickly diverged into eleven different ones, and they streaked over the chaotic battlefield like shooting stars. Hitting the boss just as he noticed them.

The concussive force of the magic arrows had knocked him back against the wall, but the flames clung to his body, turning into long threads of fire that wrapped tightly around his form before shooting off and latching on the nearby stonework, locking him in place.

Then the screaming started.

Now, usually Sagitta Magica, Flammae Capturae was a simple binding spell, and did exactly as its name indicated; shot some magic arrows at a target and bound them in place. It did not actually burn the target even though the end result made them look like they were on fire. However, Lucretia was kind enough to teach me her own version of the spell, a 'Sardinia version' according to her. It still didn't burn the target... but it made them feel like they were on fire.

I wonder what passed through the boss' head at that moment. From having his castle trashed like never before, to witnessing the two crazy people responsible having an apocalyptic fight with each other instead of him, then to suddenly being set ablaze, and now watching this extraordinary handsome and stylish delinquent running across his chamber and jumping towards his with his baseball bat raised high.

I know what went through his head when my bat connected though; "Ouch!"

As the akuma crumpled to the floor, utterly unconscious. I turned around with a flip of my jacket, a hand on my hip, and a baseball bat on my shoulder and gave a look to the two combatants who had stopped to gawk at my awesome entrance.

"That's right suckers, I. Stole. Your. Win!" My announcement rang across the chamber.

A pair of surprised looks turned into murderous glares.

"Hiroshiiiii..." Ranma muttered darkly.

"Grrrrrr...." Kenji just growled, his face starting to elongate.

Oh, they're approaching me?

Very well then, I slapped my baseball bat on my palm, time to teach some punk ass bitches the pecking order.

"OHHHHHHH!!!!!"

"GRAHHHHH!!!!!"

"HORAAAAA!!!!"

Drinking deeply from the glorious shounen kool-aid, and with our hotblooded battle cries on our lips. We lunged toward each other like the awesome meatheads that we are.

"STOP THAT, YOU IDIOTS!!!"

And just like that, a meteoric impact exploded on the top of my head and I ended up with my face half-buried into the stone floor.

... Hm, so that's what a trope backed Akane's punch feels like.

Worth it.

Hehe Hehe!

Ouch.

-0-0-0-​

The students were handling their unprompted adventure far better than I imagined they would. I honestly thought that once we were out of the pocket dimension, all the stress of the situation would come boiling up and they would break down. But no, there were some tears, many long and loud thank yous, the general support of each other, but overall, they just seem happy to be alive… Though I did have Falion give them a round of healing, just in case, so they might be tripping a little bit.

"Oi Ōe-san! That was as awesome Ōe-san! There's a giant burger Ōe-san!"

"The big dumpling family~ The big dumpling family~ The mischievous roasted dumpling, the gentle bean jam dumpling~~"

"He turned into a girl! Funniest shit I've ever seen!"

Ok, they were tripping a whole lot. But hey, they're alright.

I stood by the doorframe of the weirdly large and well-equipped infirmary – Having a hundred male students brutally beaten every single morning led to some infrastructural changes in the school – watching the students being wrestled into their bed by the trope-appropriately hot school nurse and her two assistants, before turning to the less-tripping student who was currently sitting on a chair near me.

"Hey Prez, how are you feeling?"

"… I'm a little lightheaded." She admitted. Then cast a look across the room. "Are you sure this is safe?"

"You've seen the injuries closing, haven't you?" I shrugged. "They'll snap out soon enough and will be better for it."

Different people deal with the aftereffect of Falion's healing in different ways I discovered. Ranma and I snapped out almost immediately, Akane and Haruka get a bit dazed for a few seconds, most of the NWC trip balls for minutes after it, Prez seems to be coming down from it slowly over time, and the others are yet to come down even after the ten minutes mark.

The girl looked at the others for a couple of seconds before nodding. "I'll trust you on that, Ōe-kun."

So, I am a 'kun' now huh? Level up, I guess.

"Hmm…" She shifted around uncomfortably.

"Take your time."

That got a laugh out of her. "I'll definitely need that." She leaned down a bit, her figure tensing, for a moment. I thought she would warp her arms around her legs, but she kept herself from curling up further. "I have… many questions… But I'm having a bit of trouble formulating them."

"Like I said, take your time." I shifted my body a bit, fully directing my attention to her.

"Right. Of course." Before I could say anything else, she relaxed, rising to lean on the back of her chair, already looking more in control of herself. Her glasses got pushed once again. "For now, there is one thing I'll need to know… Will I… Will I get my memories altered?"

"Eh?" I tilted my head at the girl.

I don't know how she took this gesture, but she clearly got embarrassed by it, like, she flushed so much I thought steam would come out of her ears.

"I-I-I mean, that's what happens in the novels right!? When a normal person learns about, h-hm, magic!" She added quickly, her fingers compulsively pushing her glasses again.

"Nah…" I rolled my eyes, remembering the answers I got from the Milf Miko and my magical teacher when I asked this very question. "Asian countries are more relaxed about this whole supernatural masquerade thing. There's never been a great effort to keep things hidden beyond the usual 'don't comment if it isn't happening' and the Japanese population has a history of accepting some weird stuff and going on with their lives regardless." I gave her another shrug. "So, if you don't go around trying to leak this stuff to the media or reveal too much to a large enough crowd, you shouldn't have the magical inquisition knocking on your door."

Prez's shoulders tensed a bit before she forcefully lowered them and opened a shaky smile. "Ah, Ōe-kun certainly says a lot of scary things sometimes."

Huh? It was just a meme… but I supposed she doesn't have context for that. "Hehe, sorry about that Prez." I offered casually.

"I suppose I could forgive you this time." She answered back trying to match my tone.

A couple of minutes after that, it was clear things were finally calming down and the students were getting back to normal. I yanked my eyes away from the school nurse's miniskirt-clad behind and address Prez once again. The girl looked away at the same moment.

"That's my clue, I got to—"

"I get it. I'll take things from here. Thank you for everything you've done Ōe-kun." She turned back gave me a charming smile, that's presidential treatment right there. "Please give my thanks to the others all well."

"Will do," I said, before slouching out of the infirmary.

It was almost the end of school hours, I noticed that now, not really important in the grand scheme beyond the fact we spend the whole day dealing with this mess.

With these idle thoughts in mind, I got back to the school roof.

"What did I miss?"

Ranma and Falion slowly circling each other like they were in a western duel apparently. Falion with an expression of pure, feline smugness and predatorial eyes, and Ranma looking like she was about to face her most terrible enemy.

… Do I embrace the chaos or not?

Eh, not. I'll have time for that later.

My decision made, I shameless stepped between the two and bonked Falion in the head.

"Behave or you won't get summoned later."

"But she's so fun to chase!" My catgirl whined. Then let out a loud "Nyan~!" when I rubbed her ears.

"Behave," I warned again and continued moving.

I could practically hear Ranma giving Falion raspberry behind me. And just like that whatever happened after that point became her problem.

My friend got to learn to not poke the tiger when you're deathly afraid of it. Plus, this will probably cause me some amusement later.

For now, I just walked over to the main part of the group.

"What did I miss?" I repeated.

The tied-up and chained form of Koyumaru, the bat akuma boss, glared at me from his place on the ground. His two mini-boss lackeys were lying beside him, one still unconscious and the other awaked and afraid.

"I will gouge out your eyes and feast upon your blood you filthy human— GUH!?"

The vegan werewolf literally sitting on him cut off the giant squirrel-bat's illuminating rant by literally stuffing his mouth with several dirty socks. The bat didn't like that at all.

I ignored the raging akuma beneath and cocked an eyebrow at Kenji. I must confess my interest in him only grew after witnessing some of his abilities.

He was less muscular than the bodybuilding form before, but he was still taller and bulkier than he was at the start of this morning, and his Gamer Tag was very interesting.

Himiko Kenji
Vegan Werewolf
Level: 27

Sure, nothing special at the first glance… but he was level 19 whe barged into the classroom and practically dragged me to the Illusion Barrier that it had appeared at the school and swallowed a few students. And I wasn't paying attention at the time, but I bet his level went even higher during his fight with Ranma.

He can manipulate his level, probably not directly; it's most likely something related to his werewolf's transformation and the levels are just a side-effect. But it was the first thing I've seen that could affect the level of a person besides Haruka's weird glitches.

To my surprise, he met my eyes with an angry glare.

"This is your fault."

And that melted away every trance of friendliness from my expression.

"Fuck you." My abrupt answer made him pause. "I hadn't opened any barrier around these parts ever since you told me not to. And even if the effects of my barriers could linger for that long, which they can't, it wouldn't have made a single difference considering that we were dealing with a completely new barrier and not some random yokai that got attracted by it. So, no, this wasn't my fault." Yeah, punk, I'm not completely ignorant about these matters anymore.

A low growling escape Kenji's throat as we continued to match our glares. Sensing the aggression, Minon shifted from where she was watching the captives to stand closer to us, ready to put herself between me and the werewolf in case something happened. Akane just looked unease on the opposite side.

Thankfully, nothing happened, Kenji let out a huff and looked away first. "… These guys are an established Akuma gang. They'd probably been using the Oumagatoki to escape notice and been probably doing that for a while given how well constructed it was. The thing must have drifted close by due to the Migration."

If he knew all of what, why the fuck did he accuse me for!?

Urg, whatever. "Migration? Do bat yokai migrate?"

The werewolf sent me a weird look. Shit, probably stepped into some common knowledge I was supposed to have, but I held my ground.

Just got a feeling now that I'd probably get along better with him if I treated him with a bit of dog logic. Parallels of the character Bitch from Worm ran across my mind. Can't believe I hadn't made this connection till now.

"No." He began slowly. "You… You didn't notice the chaos all through the city?"

I try to resist the urge to sigh, really did. "Please, don't tell me this is related to Ragnarok."

"Who?" The werewolf scoffed. Slamming his hand over the Boss Bat's head to muffle his annoying protests. "No, this one is probably because…" He paused, taking another moment to look me over before finally deciding to share what was on his mind. "… Someone extremely powerful made the Chiyoda Ward their territory early this year, and they kicked out everyone even tangentially related to the supernatural from there."

I blinked, not really expecting the direction the conversation took. But I considered the news, nevertheless. "Wait, isn't Chiyoda ward in the center of Tokyo? Doesn't that mean-"

"A stupid number of supernatural groups, families, and organizations with deep and ancient roots suddenly got displaced, yeah. There are only normal humans living there now. Everybody else got thrown to the other wards, and this caused ripples across Tokyo, igniting territorial conflicts and power struggles and complicated politics and whatever. My point is that people are calling it The Migration, and these guys must be here because of it."

Okay, that's… very fucking interesting.

Wait, if it was happening since the start of the year, it meant that Shiori, being one of the leaders of a governmental organization specifically created to deal with the supernatural, must be dealing with it since the beginning. Holy crap it recontextualizes some of her actions, like the fact she was away during Minon's attack and… No, maybe I'm reaching too much.

But her interest in my barrier-busting skills, though, and this drifting barrier… I couldn't help but to make this connection. If this person was powerful enough to throw away every single individual no matter how strong and well connected they were from their ancestral territory and get away with it, doesn't that mean they could throw out even the Illusions Barriers as well? If so, there must be a crisis with dozens, possibly hundreds of barriers drifting around Tokyo…

Fuck, even the existence of an individual powerful enough to do that living in the same city as I already give me much to chew over.

I wanted to ask… But no, I got to focus.

"Alright." I nodded then pointed down. "So, what are we doing with them."

Kenji paused, looking down at the bat akuma who had finally stopped struggling and was now trying to murder us with a glare.

"… They have a bounty. I'll take them to my Aneue, she'll take care of it."

Ah yes, this mysterious Aneue of his, he mentioned her once saying she tasked him with keeping an eye on me. Since then, he pretty much clammed up whenever I tried to breach the subject.

The bat akuma's struggling returned with a vengeance at the news he was about to pay for his sin and make us profit for it. This time he had even come close to breaking his bounds. This lasted until Kenji lay down a brutal punch directly on his snout that made the concrete floor crack under his head. That put him right back to sleep.

"Ehh, so there's a super-strong guy, squatting in the middle of the city and everyone are just bearing with it cuz they're too weak to do anything about it." Ranma sniggered, she had sneaked close and had been listening in for a while now, along with everybody else, I suppose.

"… Please don't tell me you want to go and challenge them." I gave voice to my growing dread.

Ranma's following grin was worrying naughty, and I only describe it like that because it was on her female face, so my less innocent thoughts were allowed. "I'm not that crazy, Hiroshi."

I want to believe you, you crazy hot shortstack, but you are not making it easy when you say it like that.

Kenji evidently got tired of the conversation, and just hoisted all three bat Akuma over his shoulders. He turned around to inform us "I'll share the bounty." And leaped off the roof before anybody could say anything.

Well, that happened… At least it was a productive talk at least, already better than most I have with him.

A soft clap could be heard as Nabiki closed her notebook. "Hum, that was very informative, thanks for that." She gave us all a sweet smile. "Bye guys."

What the fuck!? Wherethefuckdidshecomefrom!?

Snapping to attention, I grabbed her arm, stopping her in her tracks. "Look, I don't know what exactly you are thinking, but this is serious Nabiki, you'll be in danger if you start messing with that stuff."

Her smile didn't change. "Ah luckily, I have someone to protect me, right Ōe-kun~" She practically singsonged my name.

I scoffed. "Yeah, till something follows you home and kidnaps you when you're sleeping, or strike you down when you're alone and vulnerable, or do infinite other things that will end with you dead or worse without giving us time to do anything about it. These are the kind of danger you can bring to yourself."

Her eyes went cold for the first time since I met her. She shook herself out of my grip. "I can take care of myself." And then, the casual, semi- flirtatious look was back on her like it never left. "But it does feel nice knowing there's someone so worried about me. Thank you Ōe-kun~" She laid a kiss on her fingers and made a motion of blew it to my general direction, before spinning around and sashaying out of the roof.

Fuck.

It was not ideal, to have Nabiki hear that, should have paid more attention… but I doubt I could have made her leave without using force, and I doubt Kenji cared enough to agree to have the talk in a more private setting.

Nabiki now knows about the supernatural. No, I doubt she hadn't known already giving Nerima's general craziness and the way Ranma and I were so blasé about keeping our more supernatural activities hidden, she's too smart to not have put some things together by now. She just… had some more concrete information about it…

I let out a long breath, finally deciding on a course of action. There are some situations in life in which the best answer is a good ol' 'Fuck it'. I can't prevent Nabiki from getting her fingers into the supernatural, frankly, it was bound to happen eventually. Best thing I could do for now is to deal with whatever result of it when it comes.

… Not too much, though, just enough to mitigate the damage for the people who don't deserve it. I'm not Saotome Ranma, I have no intention of shielding Nabiki from the consequences of her own actions.

"Your sister is frustrating to deal with Akane-san," I commented with a sigh.

"Don't underestimate her, Ōe-san. Nabiki is really smart." Was the bluette's response.

I rubbed my eyes to relieve some of the migraine threatening to form around there. "It's not really a matter of underestimating her or not."

"Meh, we deal with that later." My thoughts exactly, Ranma

"She got a great ass." Yes, she does Minon. Yes, she does—

All our gazes turned to stare at the minotauress, who, in turn, smiled and preened at the attention. Akane's mouth literally fell open in shock.

"What… What did you just—"

She got interrupted by the sound of the school bells ringing, signalizing the end of today's classes. That caused a whiplash in the Tendo Dojo's heiress.

"Wait, the classes are already over!? But I didn't— the midterms are coming!" She looked around a bit panicked but quickly found her focus. "I have to see if Yuka and Sayuri took notes!" She declared out loud, then spun on her feet and pointed at us. "You two! Do not get into trouble, you hear me!" She demanded before dashing the stairs.

I watched her go for a few moments, before turning and meeting Ranma's gaze. At that very moment, our minds got completely in sync, and I knew exactly what she was thinking.

School's over, time to pick up Haruka like we planned, we have things to do today.

We're definitely getting into trouble.

"Oi Hiroshi… Give me the damn warm water already!!!"

…

… Ok, maybe our minds weren't as in sync as I originally thought.



A/Note: Couldn't present everything I wanted after the timeskip, but it's good enough, you'll see more of what they can do as the day going along.

Also because she appared more than once I decided to just give her a picture. Here is Class Prez:

Isayama Suzue
Diligent High School Girl
Level: 09->10

Pic:

Spoiler

Yeah, she leveled up by assisting in killing an demon bat.

Also, Ranma's airbender trick isn't from Avatar the last airbender. It's just a trick he learn from playing around with some Ki concepts he discovered, concepts from his own series. I'll explain in the story eventually,
Last edited: Apr 21, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Vulpix, Sidrakil and 1,138 others
Adudefromthesea
Mar 3, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Apr 20, 2022
Add bookmark
#17,405
I'm sorry about the delay guys, some stuff happened that affected my free time, energy and motivation, but here's the chapter I hope you like it.



Chapter 18










To say that the Nerima Wrecking Crew's headquarters changed over these last two weeks would be like saying there wasn't an underground hamster conspiracy threatening to overthrow the human race.

The place had always been odd, the building was huge, had surprisingly well-equipped facilities, a vast storage housing a strange collection of random stuff I couldn't even begin to fathom the purpose of, and was located right at the border of a residential, a commercial, and an industrial district in a gross abortion of urban planning that somehow translated in the place having a prodigious empty space both at the front and the back right in the middle of fucking Tokyo. But before we arrived, these details only revealed themselves over close inspection, it looked completely normal to the outside viewer.

This wasn't the case anymore. The delinquent infestation had completely transformed the place; the front yard was lined with a series of random bullshit brought in from the outside or taken from the storage, ranging from the mildly useful stuff like outdoor tents, a picnic bench, and a freaking gazebo of all things, to the complete useless like garden gnomes, stolen road signs, and the back half of a sports car. The backyard was dominated by a large boxing ring put there to cover a cracked magical circle that was never there and will never be mentioned again, and because it was so distinct, it ended up attracting material that would fit a 'training area' theme like training dummies, martial art poles, and a few extra gym equipments. By the corner, there was an empty area marked with a large red 'X' where I frequently placed an Illusion Barrier and threw whoever wanted special training or annoyed me enough in.

The building itself had been assaulted by the more artistically-inclined delinquents and a proxy war had been waged as to whose graffiti would dictate the main theme, in the end, a Chinese 'flaming' aesthetic won the day – still think Ranma had something to do with it somehow – so the place was now painted in a garish catalog of burnt orange, bright red, golden yellow and black for the contrast. It all depicted a silhouette of a dragon on the right side and a tiger on the left, the beasts seemly lunging around the building to meet at the front, but their crash was prevented by a different drawing.

A giant wrecking ball shattering a brick wall with the stylized letters NWC engraved at its center. The Nerima Wrecking Crew's official symbol.

Needless to say; this wasn't a place you could just walk past anymore. You had to stop and gawk at it.

It has character now.

… The yards could do some work, I admit, but the paintwork was pretty neat.

My group didn't stop to take in the view or greet the oddly low number of delinquents that were lingering around the area, we just stepped through the iron gates and made our way directly to the building without further delay. Though my Cardians didn't have the same hurry, so they both broke off to do their own things. Falion running off to find someone to annoy/tease/terrorize like she usually does, and Minon going around the building to jump into the Illusion Barrier and see who was in the grind today.

The insides were… similar to the outside, but not in every aspect. Oh, the first couple of days it had threatened to end up as the exact type of mess you'd see when you concentrate a lot of delinquents in a closed-off space, but me, my baseball bat, and the literal beatdowns I'd delivered upon them eventually taught my gang to not fucking leave trash in the living space. So, while it was a bit disorganized, it wasn't the complete pig house it could have been.

The layout was mostly the same as the original but there was a lot of stuff brought in to personalize the place, this time tending to be tasteful and stylized rather than the random, throw-together mess from the yards, but more importantly, it was clean; no cigarette butts, empty cans, or half-eaten foodstuff.

Though I gave up trying to prevent the porn mags from appearing, there was just no end to them. My solution was to collect and put them in a series of magazine stands at the far corner. We would just have to deal with the judging female stares it would no doubt provoke in the future.

I saw the reason why there were so few people outside then; most of the guys were inside—

"OHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!"

Crying out like monkeys as usual, I see.

"Sup." I greeted the closest one, causing him to turn around and start a chain reaction.

"ANIKI!"

"ANIKI IS HERE!"

"GOOD MORNING ANIKI!!"

"HI THERE RANMA-NII!!"

As always, their enthusiasm and sparkling eyes were almost endearing, even though it came from a crowd of war-veteran-like, middle-aged-looking middle schoolers. They opened a way for us to pass and see what this commotion was all about.

… Alright, at least they had a reason for their excitement this time around.

"Is that what I think it is?" I asked, looking at the pile of boxes, already with an idea of what was inside. Mostly because a Haruka and a grinning Touji were standing by it.

"Behold Aniki!" He exclaimed proudly. "I told you, I'd do it!" He put his fists on his hips and struck a pose, my Kohai just rolled her eyes at his side but it was clear she was also in good spirits.

Both were wearing a matching set; Touji, a black gakuran-like outfit with golden embellishments and chains around his hips and shoulders, red-colored gloves and footwear on his hands and feet, and Haruka a black and white seifuku that was similar to the one she wore for her school but with a sharper shoulder-line, shorter skirt (But still going past her knees) and short sleeves. She didn't have the red shoes, choosing instead to go with a pair of knee-high leather boots, but her hands were covered by the same bright red, fingerless gloves Touji had. On both outfits, the Nerima Wrecking Crew symbol was prominently displayed, including a particularly large example in the back that Touji made sure to twist around for us to see it.

My eyebrows rose almost to my gelled hairline and a bit behind me Ranma began to laugh. "I'll be damn— You actually managed to get us uniforms." I didn't need to put any effort to sound impressed.

"Told you, didn't I!?" Touji punched his muscular pectoral and admonished playfully. "You should have more confidence in the great Touji-sama, Aniki!"

"Oh, I knew you'd get something." My eyes sweep across the outfits again. Goddamn, they looked good! "I just didn't expect to be of this quality!" Even the packaging was professional.

"Hehehe, Hitomi-chan and my Oba-chan helped me out!" He said, embarrassingly rubbing a finger under his nose.

Boy, let me tell you; the usual shounen character's abashed gestures really don't work if you have a mustache and a patchy beard. Still, I turned to address the crowd around us, noticing how silent they'd gotten.

"What, you're waiting my cue or something? We got uniforms now, come get yours!"

That did it. With another loud monkey yell, the rest of the gang surged forwards to grab at the pile of clothes. Provoking just the kind of happy mess you'd find on European football matches, fight clubs, and store aisles on black Fridays.

I was too sturdy to be knockdown by something like that so I and my closest associates simply flowed to the corner like loose stones in a running river.

"Here!" Haruka materialized from somewhere and greeted me by shoving a package against my chest. "That's yours!" She shouted over the noise.

"Hi there, you look good, by the way!" I shouted back.

She grinned. "And what do you know about fashion, Evil Elvis!?"

That set me into a fit of chuckles. Taking a moment to look around I found Ranma chilling over one of the cabinets with an open back of chips in his hands. "And you! Do you want one!?" I waved the package in his direction.

Ranma gave me a shrug, reached down, plucked one of the uniform's jackets from a nearby delinquent, and threw it around his shoulders without bothering to put his arms in the sleeves. It was the closest Saotome Ranma got from wearing a school uniform.

Good to see joining a Delinquent Gang had taught the boy some manners.

After that, there was a round of posing as the guys tried out the new uniforms, including a wave of enthusiasm as I finally put on mine.

It was darker than my Furikan uniform, heavier too, and not only because of the thicker chains and larger embellishments, the material itself was tougher and more resistant, I wouldn't go as fact to say it could act as an armor, but I could see it stopping a blade in the right circumstances. The pants were also way looser than what I was used to wearing, not parachuter pants (thanks fucking god) but definitely a more 'delinquent' pants; the last piece I needed to complete my 'delinquent set' if you wanted to be poetic about it.

The red shoes fitted well enough, but I decided against the gloves. I wasn't a gloves guy, and I figured my usual crimson undershirt was appropriate enough for the black, red, and golden theme we're apparently going with. So, it all worked out brilliantly.

Nice distractions aside, we eventually had to move on to business.

I dropped down on the main chair of the studio's meeting room, which by happy coincidence was located right behind my truly garish and oddly imposing – as in 'having an imposing oddness' – delinquent throne, so away from view. Manifesting my inventory screen right above the long table, I let a series of stick-figure-shaped paper fall off from it.

What the Japanese consider a 'shikigami' was a truly vast and diverse collection of creatures and objects. The particular type I could produce was a pseudo paper spirit made from magic, ancient scripts written in a blood-laced paint, and apparently spiritual energy – not that I ever felt anything more than the usual tingling feeling during the process – as impressive as it sounds, it really is the most common type, with the disadvantage that they had to be activated as soon as you finish writing the scripts, otherwise the mythical properties that would draw spiritual energy from the atmosphere would cease working as paint settled, making it useless. That problem was solved by simply chucking them inside my inventory. If it could keep warm water warm it could keep magic blood paint fresh, was my logic, and it worked.

With a handsign that had a remarkably similar effect to an incantation on my internal energy reserves, all the little paper figures stood up on their own and promptly shot up to the air and floated through the window. The scripts written across their form served as 'programs' to set their commands and behaviors patterns; they will fly towards and settle in key points along the NWC's controlled territories in the Nerima Prefecture where they would work as a primitive surveillance system. It didn't produce the same results a dedicated system of cameras would, of course, but if something dangerous or weird happened they would send framed 'visions' of it to the nearest of their fellows until it reached the closest NWC member.

It was a little time consuming to set it up, but it complemented well with the new patrol rotation we got going. And I only needed to replace them every two days or so after the old ones burn themselves out of existence. It'd already brought in results in the increase in the number of troubles my guys got themselves into, something I was no doubt about to hear.

Ranma and Haruka were the only ones with no visible reaction to my overt usage of magic- err, jutsu. Touji and the other Crew Captain's weren't quite used to it yet.

"We're not exactly pressed for time, but I'd like to keep this short," I said to the six sitting around me. "So, what's going on? Give me your reports."

Yes, this is basically a review meeting, and yes, the irony of this bunch of delinquents going through something a salaryman does is hilarious to me and part of the reason why I'm insisting on this.

Part of the reason, of course, we do need to consistently plan our approach if I want my gang to be more than a group of well-meaning hooligans that are good at fighting.

Three new faces shifted uncomfortably, not really knowing what they should do. Understandable given this was their first time in a meeting like this, but Haruka and Touji were in the last one and had an idea of what I wanted. Ranma just kinda leaned back and pretended he was too cool for all of this.

"We're growing a lot, Aniki!" Touji started off with his usual enthusiasm. "Got some stragglers from my school, and I know Takato and some of the guys managed to do the same. There are also some that just seemed to pop out of nowhere!"

"Kuno-senpai's brother was scaring away any prospective delinquent around the area, but since we started doing rounds many are beginning to appear from Nerima's schools to join us." Haruka took over from there, she had her notebook in her hands and everything. Not surprising given she was the only one taking notes during the last meeting and was the one who suggested bringing in more people in the first place. I'd joked about it a few times, but she really is the one most eagerly diving into this delinquent life, at least when it was related to the gang. "We managed to get two guys from Ōizumichō district, by the way."

My eyebrow raised, "That's good. Do you have a total?"

"… Forty-eight." She responded while ignoring Ranma's mocking snores.

So more than double what we used to have.

"Gojiro." I suddenly addressed the captain of the Dog Walking Crew in an attempt to bring him and the rest to the conversation before it could process further and make them feel alienated rather than confused. The big guy snapped to attention, looking surprised for having been called, or that I remembered his name. "There were some conflicts with the new guys a few days ago, right?" I prompted.

"… Ah, yes." He raised a massive fist to his mouth and cleared his throat. "… They were, hm, not satisfied with our methods. Some of us attempted to talk, including myself, but… well, we know how it ended up."

Nerima Wrecking Crew's first internal conflict.

"Hn! Fools content wallow in the dark rather than conquer the dark within." Commented Iseyama Hachiro, captain of the Elderly Assist Crew. You only need one look at his fake eyepatch, crimson high collared cape, and manner of speaking, and you'd know what his deal was all about.

Ironically, he was one of our best fighters.

"They're gonna be trouble-trouble later! We should hunt-kill the fuckers right now!" Spoke Kitagai Nezumi, captain of the Street Cleaning Crew and by far the shortest and scrawniest person in the room, perhaps in the entire gang.

… I'm trying really hard to not make any assumptions from his strange speech pattern, and the fact he looks like a mouse, and how he's the only one who'd requested to keep some monster parts, and how his title went from 'Overlooked Delinquent Underling' to 'Amateur Delinquent Alchemist', and the way he kept bursting into fits of evil laughter… I just decided to keep my eyes on him and be glad he's on our side.

"They were beaten and kicked out, that's enough for now." I raised my voice. "But there is a reason I brought this up. If any of you have any complains or have trouble with me or the way I do things, we will sit down and talk. Heck, we can fight it out if you want. But I don't want any other shithead throwing a tantrum like they did."

I don't even care that they attacked me, but the fuckers ruined Mayeda-san's teahouse in the process, fucking ingrates.

The delinquents, save for Ranma and Haruka, went starry eyes. Ugh, how did I unknowingly dazzled them this time?

I glanced at Haruka for answers, she was good at making sense of things when they got like that. At my look, she sighed in exasperation.

"It was a well-organized coup. The fact that you were able to deal with it so easily is impressive."

That's what this is all about? I just whacked anyone that attacked me into unconsciousness until there was no one left to whack. The fact that their titles changed to 'Renegade NWC members' only quickened with the process. "Putting that matter aside, what else do you have?" I asked the table in general once again.

Thankfully, the previous interaction was enough of an example for them to get what this was all about, and they started to speak up.

From the more mundane matters.

"Todo-san's son will be traveling to Hokkaido this weekend, maybe we should put some guys in the area in case he needs any help with his shop. His back isn't the best and…"

To the more formal.

"We need a Quest board ASAP! It's too hard to keep track of every task, Aniki! And we should make it big enough to be used as a weapon!"

To the more absurd.

"B-But think-think about all the money!!"

"We will not make a Kappa fighting ring and that's final."

"But it would be FUN!!"

To the mildly concerning.

"… What?"

"Err, l-look on the bright side Aniki. That public bathroom isn't haunted anymore!"

"… Because one of our guys is dating the ghost lady."

"Because one of our guys is dating the ghost lady."

And so, the actions and movement of the gang were discussed, suggestions were made, plans were laid out, orders and guidelines were given to be passed down to the ones below, all while the atmosphere never getting too formal or professional, in fact, most reports turned into boisterous posturing, intense chatting, or near fights, with increasingly louder reactions from the table. I very much prefer this way.

As always with these kinds of things, the most important subject was left for the end.

"So, what's the situation with Ragnarok?" I asked. "Have they been poking around again?"

That prompted an exchange of looks across the table, I didn't like that.

"We… err, we don't know Aniki." Touji sheepishly admitted. "We've been so focused on inside stuff that we didn't really look outside of our territory. Beyond repelling the odd guy trying to test us I mean."

"There's been no further attempt after the Valkyrie's pathetic and humiliating defeat." Bolstering much, Kohai-chan? "In fact, there were no more attacks from any organized group outside Nerima. Only from smaller Nerima fringe gangs our territory doesn't reach."

A complete stop in all activities after a direct blow to one of their elite forces. Yeah, they either chicken out which is unlikely, or…

"They're preparin' their assault." Ranma casually vocalized what we were all thinking. He was still maintaining a relaxed posture when he turned to me. "Oi, Hiroshi, let's attack them first."

That suggestion was met with loud approval from the male portion of the delinquents in the room, but Haruka looked conflicted.

"I don't know… they have hundreds under their banners. We're strong, yes, but with this numerical difference…" She gave me a look, as I was usually the one who went along with her on the more reasonable takes. But I shook my head this time. "A decapitating strike might be the best strategy," I said, and as the rest didn't have that much grasp on English terms or English in general, I explained. "We avoid their main force go for their strongest, these Eight Fists, and their leader. Cut off the head of the snake before it can attack."

Because if there is something Nerima doesn't need, are hundreds of thug-looking youngsters larping as a conquering army marching on its streets.

"""OUWWWWW!!!!""" Oh, come on! It was Ranma who suggested it!

"… I suppose it would be better for them to not come while we're still establishing ourselves." Haruka conceded.

"Let's shoot them with challenge arrows!" Ranma sniggered.

"A most honorable method indeed!" Hachiro nodded dramatically, while Nezumi spit-take at the mere thought of losing the opportunity for a surprise attack.

"We're going to need information first!" Haruka cuts in before the rest of the table could derail the subject further. "Their bases, their current movement, what are their notable members, anything we find about the Eight Fists, where the heck they are." She whipped her head around. "Touji can you contact your old gang?..."

I smiled as I watched the vital discussion starting and leaned in to give my own input.

In the end, it was decided that questions will be asked, old contacts will be consulted, and the patrol route modified to get us closer to our neighbors. Nerima Wrecking Crew will, for the first time, reach outside its borders after two weeks of frenetically dealing with internal problems – not that the internal problem will ever stop, this is Nerima after all, but the focus was shifted a bit – to get any info they could about Ragnarok in preparation for our attack. And with that, I declared the gang's second review meeting – not that I call it that out loud, of course, it's war council if anybody asks – a success.

But, to be honest, I didn't expect them to get much, at least not when compared to Rin, who I would send on the same task as soon as I had a moment alone.

I wanted Ragnarok dealt with as soon as possible, so I could turn my focus to fortifying Nerima, there were already too many minor situations to deal with here alone.

But first, there was a special appointment we needed to attend today

And tomorrow… Shiori's Temple, I wanna see the Shiratori. We should be clear for a visit then.

No rest for the wicked, as always.

-0-0-0-​

"There is no cure."

Unlike my two friends who were sitting straight trying to convey a measure of respect for the powerful woman they were meeting for the first time – while trying not to gawk at the near-transparent, sensual dress she was wearing – I was leaning against the wall, enjoying the show of Japanese manners meeting the western's refreshing no-fucks-given attitude. But the abrupt declaration made me tense. It was like a punch to the gut.

And if it had this effect on me, I can't imagine what must have been like for Ranma. In fact, the guy nearly launched himself from his sitting position.

"WHAT!?" He shouted, surprise, outrage, and anger swirling in his voice. I got the impression that the only reason he didn't attack, or at least got on the woman's face and shouted at her, was his deep-seated survival instincts telling him this was a really stupid idea.

Thankfully, Lucretia Zola grew sympathetic rather than offended, maybe she glimpsed something in Ranma's reaction I couldn't see from my position. She was annoyingly perceptive like that.

"Alright, let me put this another way… As far as my knowledge and experience go, there is no cure." Lucretia waved her hand as she added as if to ask, 'better now?'.

Not a single bit. Not for Ranma. I knew that before he even drew his breath to start his, no doubt quiet and colorful, rebuke. Luckily, Haruka knew him well enough at this point to see that to pull him back a bit, preventing another test on the patience of the most powerful witch in the world. It was enough time for me to reach them and sit on Ranma's other side.

From up close I could see that his initial fighting impulses had passed, he was still focused, but it was an argumentative kind of focus instead.

Taking the initiative and giving my friend time to take in the information and formulate a better response, I asked.

"Can you explain your reasoning to us? How did you reach this conclusion?"

Fucking anime tropes of starting explanations with a shocking declaration, man, it's just asking for someone to start something and not hear the rest.

Lucretia sighed, shifting a bit on her couch-throne thing that looked soft enough to swallow someone. "To summarize a complicated subject. Most curses leave a trail or a trace of their existence within a person's essence. It's how a cursebreaker can detect if a person has a curse in the first place." She smiled. Here comes the boasting. "Most mages need a ritual to properly see it, but a witch such as myself needs only a glance!" Here we go. She even made her left eye shine a bit for dramatic purposes.

She does that a lot when she's teaching me too. Often comparing the subject of the lesson to Witch Magic and how it was superior. It would be endearing if she wasn't so damn cagy about what the fuck Witch Magic even is.

A long finger with perfectly manicured nails was placidly pointed at Ranma. "But your curse; this 'jusenkyo curse' has no trace. Nothing, nada, niente. If you'd come to me saying that this gender change is a unique ability you've been born with, I'd have believed you." She pulled her hand back and flicked her long orange locks over her slender shoulder. "And that only happens on two occasions; one, if you spend enough time with the curse, decades at least, and come to wholeheartedly accept it as part of yourself, or…" She paused for dramatic effect, it's probably her main point. "Two; the traces of your curse simply cannot be felt with mortal magic, which means your curse has divine origins."

I let out a long breath. Well… I'm not exactly stunned but I can't say I expected her to take that route. I'm not stupid enough to outright discard her opinion on the matter, but Jusenkyo isn't a place that I associate with freaking Gods, I mean, the place is so silly.

"That's wrong, lady." Ranma made a face. "The Guide said it started with some girl who drowned in the spring two thousand years ago or somethin'."

Lucretia frowned slightly - which probably means I should intervene next time Ranma gives a snappy answer, or he would spend the rest of the day as a lawn chair - and waved him off. "There's more than one spring and all have similar stories, right? Then the effect is probably in the land itself and the springs are only different ways it manifests. It's most likely the aftereffects of a battle between a God and a Campione or even the direct effect of a Divine Authority in the work." She blinked, her expression turning pensive. "Actually… it might be worth checking out if this is true. A land affected by Divine Authority lasting thousands of years. Basically another Stonehenge…" She muttered to herself.

She seemed convinced of her own theory at least.

"So, no cure," I stated, bringing the conversation to the main point before her thoughts could wander off.

"Right, yes." And Lucretia was back with us. She snapped her fingers at me. "Only things on the level of Gods and Campione could ever hope to affect it."

"Only if you're right about it…" Ranma said, thankfully not as confrontational as before, if anything he looked thoughtful, staring intently at a point on the ground.

Lucretia shrugged. "You wanted my professional opinion kid. That's it."

"Ano." Haruka's cheek colored when the gorgeous witch's attention turned to her, but she kept her cool. "I don't know what a Campione is, but we do know where to find a Kami, would he be able to affect the curse?"

Lucretia stared at her for a second, then her gaze shifted across to Ranma and me. My Poker Face Skill keeping my face neutral. "Wait… you don't know- Shiori hasn't… Of course, she hasn't…" She pinched the bridge of her nose and shook her head, before looking back at Haruka. "No, Japanese Kami can't work on a curse like this… well, the vast majority of them, at least. the Gods I'm referring to are a specific kind of god." There she turns to address all of us, her tone gravy and heavy, making the seriousness of the topic very clear. "There are a lot of beings out there that could be considered gods or call themselves as such, but the gods I'm referring to, the one that everyone that carries weight in this world recognizes as such are the Heretic Gods."

She took a moment to let the name settle in. "They are immensely powerful beings born from the collective thoughts and beliefs of every sapient creature and are largely considered the strongest type of beings in this world. They usually stay in the Netherworld – a realm created from the accumulation of the energies of the mind, body, and spirit of all creatures – living inside their myth and legends, but sometimes they step into the material realm, where their presence alone causes death and devastation for miles, very much like living natural disasters. Leaving their legends is considered a heretical act, hence the name." She took a breath. "And sometimes, crazy circumstances happen, and a human manages to kill one. In this case, the human has their body transformed, and steals some of the god's powers from themselves, these are called Campione, and yes, there are also many that consider them to be the strongest type of beings in the world, there's a whole pointless discussion of the manner." She waved her hands to show her. "Anyway, those two types of being? Heretic Gods and Campiones? They are above everyone else. Their strengths and powers are frankly unfairly powerful, and they are highly resistant or outright immune to anything below their league. Which is why anything on this level can only be affected by its peers."

Right, already knew that and more, of course, but it's interesting to hear it from the mouth of one of the Campione anime's characters, even if the speech was a quick summary that didn't get into the nuances. The info managed to make an impression on Haruka and Ranma though. My kohai letting out a little 'Oh', while my martial artist friend placing his hand on his chin, lost in thought.

An old question popped up in my mind and I saw the opportunity to get an answer. God knows I won't be getting it from the source.

"But why Shiori would keep something like that from us?"

I mean, I already knew the information, but she had dodged the subject when it came up if I'm remembering correctly.

Lucretia gave me a look. "Because you are hot-blooded Japanese teenagers. She was probably trying to keep you from doing something stupid."

Well, that's just rude.

At that moment, Ranma snapped his fingers.

"So, we gotta kill a god and become this 'Campione' thing to deal with the curse, got it."

"Oh, come on!" I couldn't keep the shout inside. "Can't you see you just proved them, right!? We can't kill a god without preparing for it!"

He frowned. "I know man, we go to get stronger first!"

"Exactly!"

"Yeah!"

"Oh, you poor thing." Said Lucretia to Haruka, who just smiled in response.

"You learn to roll with it."

I blinked a bit at this random interaction- Oh, oh fuck— I mean, yes! Quite the funny anime bit I deliberately set it off! My ability to see and control anime tropes grows every day!

"Moving on," I said quickly. "To summarize the situation; Ranma's curse is too badass for anyone other than the strongest in the world to cure it." Lucretia rolled her eyes at the way I put it but conceded the point. Ranma perked up a bit because he's the kind of guy who liked the word 'badass' attributed to him, even if it's for something he doesn't like. He's simple like that. "One question though; there are hundreds of springs in the Junsekyo valley, no doubt there is one that turns people into boys, what if we travel there and throw Ranma in it, would that counteract his current curse?" That was the implied 'cure' presented in the Ranma 1/2 series, I wanted to see what Lucretia had to say about it.

"Extremely risky." Was her answer after a few moments of consideration. "There are some rare cases where the effects of multiple curses cancel each other, but it only happened with very minor curses, for one of that level with an effect so prevalent…" She shook her head. "There are too many factors to say for certain. The effects could activate at the same time forming a half male and female form. The curse might turn the body into two things at once causing severe cellular breakdown. Yes, maybe the new curse would counteract the previous one. It depends on how Jusenkyo works." She shrugged. "My advice, if you want to try that, if to bring an animal with you, throw it in two ponds first and see what happens first before trying with your friend." Ruthless and practical, I like it.

Ranma listened intently to that, and to my surprise, he had something to bring up in the end.

"I've been in contact with some people tryin' to help." The people from the Saienji Temple, I realized, the perverted super monk and his red-headed assistant. I'm surprised he didn't share their names. "In their last letter, they mentioned getting' in contact with a water Kami to try somethin'. Do you think this will help?"

I raised my eyebrows. This is new for me. So, they have a correspondence going on, hm. Well, they did say they'd be in contact.

"Depends on the Kami," Lucretia said professionally. "They won't find a cure like that but tackling the trigger of the curse is a smart move. Something that would let you have more control over the transformation would be ideal. Ah, but I'd warn against total prevention, a strong curse like yours wants to be triggered, and going against it for too long is… unwise. I'm sure you noticed something like that around affecting your life."

"Somethin' like that." Ranma agreed, climbing to his feet. Then he surprised us all by bowing in respect, an almost unthinkable development for anyone who saw how hostile he was at the start of this conversation.

Ah, the wonders of acting like reasonable adults rather than letting dumb anime tropes set the course, I never get tired of seeing it.

"Thanks for that, witch lady, if you 'xcuse me."

… Well, it's a start.

It didn't take a genius to see that Ranma was still wound up tight by the revelations. Putting things in his perspective; it would be like he'd gotten a hopeful and optimistic diagnosis for a disease he's struggling with from one team of medics, but when his friends convinced him to get a second opinion from a different specialist - always a good idea, by the way - he's gotten a far bleaker one.

No cure. Or at least not one within his grasp.

No wonder he'd all but stormed out of the room, nearly crashing on Lucretia's weird robomaid in the process. That he actually made an effort to pay respects at the end says a lot.

With him finally away from Lucretia, I relaxed some of the tension I didn't realize I was building up. Having an angry martial artist with no filter and a proud Italian Witch with a flimsy temper in the same room was a stressful experience. I was dreading that Ranma would strike a nerve and got Lucretia to lock him in his cursed form as punishment or something, this is how it usually goes when Ranma mouthed off some magic practitioner in the anime. Thank God we caught Lucretia in a great mood.

The witch in question finished snipping on her tea and clicked the expensive-looking cup back on the table.

"So, let us move on to the next case." She said, looking at Haruka.

My kohai hadn't heard it. She was too busy staring fixedly at the robot dressed in a maid suit finishing setting the new set of snacks and tea on the table between us.

Yeah, I also stared a bit on the first day. Regretfully, it didn't look human enough to be considered a robot waifu; it looked more like a transformer… or a medabot.

For the umpteenth time, I silently wondered what was up with Lucretia Zola's new technological connections. I don't remember her having those in the Campione anime, so it's definitely had something to do with the crossover nature of this world, but there were simply too many sources it could have come from to say anything, heck, taimanin has sci-fi elements too.

That wasn't the time to explore this, though, so I just nudged Haruka out of her stupor.

She expertly hid her flinch, as expected of my cool kohai.

"Hm, if you allow me a question Zola-san," She pointed at the retreating robomaid. "What is— no... How and why?"

The witch chuckled. "Oh, it's just an investment that paid off, don't worry about it." Yeah, that vague shit was pretty much the same thing she told me when I asked. "Back to the subject. Gelboy here tells me you're having some odd dreams."

Your nicknaming skills are truly something to behold, Lucretia-san. I would have died laughing if this wasn't a serious matter. Ha. Ha.

Haruka only told me about these dreams to me recently, and the way it sounded made me believe it was something to do with her hidden powers and seeing as that makes her essential to the survivability of the world, anything related to it must be treated with the utmost seriousness.

Especially with how she told me her dreams were going lately.

"Hai." She said, straightening herself. "I've been having these stranger dreams for the last few years now. They are always foggy, and I can't hold on to many details after I awake, but from what I managed to remember… I'm another woman, always engaging in military action of some kind, fighting… killing… and, hm…" She briefly glanced in my direction as if seeking permission she didn't really need. I nodded anyway. "After I met Hiroshi-senpai, they'd stopped for a bit, but then they returned in full force and the last few ones… um, I'm pretty sure I saw Hiroshi-senpai in them— And believe me I am aware of how that sounds." Ranma still hadn't let her live that down and I don't think he's ever will.

Haruka sighed, "If it was only that I wouldn't have bothered coming here today, but…" I watched her reaching with her right hand and grabbing the object beside her. She was still awkward with it, her discomfort clear for everyone to see, yet her wiliness to carry it around with her says a lot about her conviction to face what was ahead.

She showed Lucretia her new shinai; a straight-bladed bamboo sword wrapped in purple cloth. "Recently, I've been able to bring forth, to harness some of the woman's skills. It allowed me to do some pretty amazing things with a sword even though I'd never even held a blade in my life. That's when I knew my dreams were more than me going crazy." She chuckled self-deprecatingly before staring coolly ahead again. "I was hoping you could shine a better light on this phenomenon, Zola-san."

The Italian witch seemed to be relaxing back on the couch as Haruka's explanation went along, only quipping her eyebrow at the very last part. She had an answer on her lips already.

"Well girl that sounds like a clear-cut case of a reincarnated soul. What you're seeing in your dreams are the memories of your past life."

"Reincarnation," Haruka mumbled, meeting my eyes as I also turned to look at her.

And then, we both visibly slumped in our seats.

"… You knew that already?" The witch stared at us. Dangerous, best not to seem like we wasted her time.

"No, not at all!" I answered quickly. "It's just one of the possibilities we raised when Haruka told me about it." Boy, I remembered that. About a week ago, Haruka looked guilty for some reason, Ranma rubbing in that he told me so, me trying to stay calm and think rationally…

Lucretia nodded. "It has all the common symptoms. Admittedly, though, this sounds like a particularly strong case; most of the time when that happens the person has no idea that it's happening in the first case and will only share a few minor characteristics with the person they were in their previous lives. Dreams of past lives only happen in some rare cases, but to actually be able to pull a skill or an ability from them… those are remarkably unique. I can only think of three other cases." She hummed, looking at Haruka with a new light, "You must be pretty similar to who you used to be."

A deep wince, and Haruka had to pull herself back up. "I don't know how to feel about that Zola-san, but thank you, just having a confirmation as to what this is makes a lot of difference… But, hum, what about Hiroshi-senpai? Like I said, I'm starting to see him in my dreams too."

"Oh." Lucretia waved her hands dismissively. "That just means you two met and were close in your previous lives. Maybe you were close friends, or bitter enemies, or passionate lovers." Her suggestive grin made it clear what she was betting on. "Romantic, no?"

… Come on kohai, don't let out such cute sounds! You're supposed to be cool and unflappable, do not fall for the teasing of the horni witch! Do it like me and hide the blush by aggressively sipping on your tea.

A round of tea was tasted by all after that. It was good fucking tea.

"Zola-san." A more composed Haruka called out once again. "I'd hate to impose on you after you're already helped us so much, but… Is there a way to stop these dreams? Can you do something about it?"

Lucretia took in a long breath as if she expected that. Her professional air was back.

"The answer is yes for both questions, however, the methods to suppress or even remove the memories of one's past life are often long, extremely invasive, always leave severe consequences. Plus, they are well beyond the scope of a favor for a talented non-apprentice, I'm sorry girl, but I can't help you with that."

I clenched my teeth. Damn, I was not expecting that. By the way she sounded, it doesn't seem like this was a gentle, or easy process. I watched Haruka's fists tightening over the shinai. Fuck.

"Can't you do something to help, teach? Anything?" I asked.

She met my gaze for a couple of seconds before she sighed.

She raised her hands, palms up as if holding something, and then, after a distinct 'POP!' echoed, she suddenly was.

I narrowed my eyes at the display. It was her weird-ass retrieval spell, I'm pretty sure it was the same one that got me out of the Illusion Barrier. Been trying to learn how it works for weeks but she's smugly cagy about it, and I can't even feel the magic moving when she does.

"This should help." She announced, holding a dangling circlet made from carved wood and decorated with colorful feathers.

"A dreamcatcher?" Haruka mumbled. "I already tried that; it doesn't work."

Lucretia rolled her eyes. "This one will, it's the real deal, not something you'd find in the mundane market— well, not normally, I'd heard some rumors about Japan's odd tendencies… anyway, it has a charm in it that will nudge you to have pleasant dreams, suppresses bad ones, or at least push you to have a dreamless night. It works best against outside influence, but it can filter abnormalities from the inside too."

My kohai was focused on it now.

"So, it will help." She said, more to herself than any of us. "Um, the little net in the middle is missing…"

"That's because you'll have to thread it yourself to establish the connection." Lucretia closed her eyes. "It will work, trust me on that."

The little artifact was tingling my mystical senses even at the distance. It was magical, no doubt about that. I grabbed Haruka's shoulders reassuringly, feeling how tense she was as she worked out her hopes and expectations. "Thank you," I said to Lucretia.

The witch shrugged a grin appearing on her lips. "You have shown me a very interesting trick. This is merely repaying the favor." The fingers of her other hand moved, a flickering shine appearing between them as a Light Sprite was created for a second before it melted back into her skin. Goddamn, she was already on that stage!? It took me half an hour to create my first sprites only after I gained a skill for it that I managed to shorten the creation process to a few seconds.

I'm surrounded by Saotome Fucking Ranmas aren't I?

"Now come closer girl, let me teach you how to thread this properly. It's not often that I part with one of my magical items you know, so I'll see to it that you'll use it correctly!"

After that, thankfully, things became steadily less tense to the point that Lucretia and Haruka began to actually get along. Sharing stories of our delinquents' deeds and answering questions about magic will do that, apparently. At some point, I became worried as to where Ranma ended up and left the room to search for him.

Finding him at the front of Lucretia's house dismantling her security robots nearly gave me a heart attack. But I reasoned that there was no way she didn't know Ranma was breaking her stuff, and the lack of a response might as well be a tacit permission.

So, I joined him, because, hey, fighting robots was cool!

Unfortunately, Lucretia's reason for allowing us to do that soon became clear and the robots' self-learning AI network began to turn the table on us.

And that's how the rest of the meeting with Lucretia went, the girls talking over tea and the boys waging war against Skynet.

It was a fun time.

-0-0-0-​

There was a certain state of mind you enter after finishing all you'd have to do for the day and the knowledge that you don't have anything else to do and you can finally relax and settle in. It's a type of balancing act where you take a moment to plan what to do with your free time while also keeping in mind what you had to do for the next day. Because there are always more commitments and duties waiting for you, but for now, at this moment, you can take it easy.

It was more common in my past life when I had a job and bills to pay, but it's coming back now as I pick up more and more responsibilities for myself. Not that what I have requires the same level of professionalism as an official job does, but even then, I had to put on a face the entire day, I had to look calmer, more certain, more stoic, and more in control than I really was. And now, as we left Lucretia's domain and entered the busy streets of what I now knew was the Suginami ward in the late afternoon, I could finally let out the long sigh I wanted to let out the entire day and simply decompress.

In this case, this decompression came in the form of a beautifully designed handheld device flashing with images and sounds that stoked the flames of nostalgia in my soul.

"I don't get the point of this." Ranma, now in her female form, declared. The filthy heathen. "Why drag us to a toy store to get this game? It doesn't even control right, the characters don't move when you press the damn button!" She tapped the back of her hand on the screen of her brand-new Game Boy.

"It's turn base. It's different from the ones at the arcade." Haruka reported. Unlike my filthy barbarian friend, my kohai was calmly playing the game and making good progress. "You're supposed to catch monsters and then use them to fight your battles, I read an article about it."

That's one way to summarize one of the most iconic - or would be most iconic – games in the world, I suppose. I'd felt the need to correct or add to her statement. But it didn't matter. I was playing Pokemon.

I was playing Pokemon freaking Red, barely a month after launch day!

Oh, you can bet I was inside the store as soon as I walked by the poster, the personification of my childhood would have jumped out of my heart and beat the crap out of me had I not. I think I also traumatized my friends and some of the nearby kids and parents with the squeals of happiness I let out. But I got my hand on it, and I made Ranma and Haruka get it too.

The noises! The graphics! The clunky device that feels awkward in your hands!

God, this game is shit.

And I love it!

"That's because you're not trying." I chuckled out loud and both of my friends looked worried about how it sounded. I placed my new Game Boy on the charming little table of the booth we secured ourselves in and leaned towards my favorite shortstack. "Let me see what you are being a wussy about."

"A wussy!?"

And just like that, I turned Ranma into one of the world's first competitive Pokemon players. Just as planned.

My righteous paranoia had me looking up to the doors of the cafe and the customer getting in before looking down at Ranma's game screen. Nice place, this café; we let Haruka decide where we'd go, and, as always, her café-finding skills were on point. It wasn't Hannah Millers, but the atmosphere was nice, the menu's pictures had us salivating, and the waitresses' glorious pencil skirts that were so tight they almost made a perfect impression of their behind had us salivating for a different reason.

The only thing ruining the experience, and what was making my paranoia flare from time to time, was the utter lack of conflict we had coming here. Usually, when I go to and from Lucretia's place, I encounter heaps of angry delinquents from multiple gangs trying to get in my way and make my life difficult. Sure, the numbers were steadily decreasing as it became clear they could do jack-shit against me, but there was always someone at least watching and making funny faces at me as I went along.

Today there was no one, nothing, nada. Right when you'd think the numbers would increase with me showing up with an actual gang uniform and accompanied by two others. Nobody impeded our path or challenged our 'incursion' to what was apparently 'contest territory' in any way.

So, I was… jumpy.

The heck happened? Did the fighting end? Did Ragnarok or another gang establish themselves here? If so, where is everybody, and why they aren't around?

I didn't like it one bit, but I wasn't about to chase after vague feelings. Keeping my guard up? Sure, but if I start to run after everything I thought looked fishy I'd go crazy really fast. So, I tried pushing these feelings aside and focus on what was in front of me.

Ranma's Glorious Tits Pokemon.

"You're trying to fight Brock with only a Charmander, you dolt. Fire is weak against rock."

"What!? None of what you said made any sense!"

On the seat in front of us, Haruka wrinkled her nose a bit, blue eyes not leaving the tiny screen.

"I think he's talking about the elemental weakness bit; fire is weak against the first gym guy… But who in the world is Brock? And what's a Chamandoru?"

… Fucking Jp names are corrupting my friends.

"Takeshi and Hitokage." I conceded. Christ, it was like washing my mouth with acid, and I have reference for that!

"Oh." My blond kohai gave me a strange look but decided she didn't want to poke that. "Anyway, Ranma-senpai, if you choose fire you should probably catch another pocket monster to use in the first gym battle. I choose Fushigidane so I had an easy win, but I don't know if I could have managed if it was a fire gym."

She's saying things that are hurting my soul. Maybe this was a mistake? Maybe I should have waited for the North American release.

"This is dumb. Fighting games are better."

Et tu, Ranma?

"It's not bad." Haruka settled her game on the table and raised an eyebrow at Ranma. "You do know there are fun things where fighting isn't involved, right? You're becoming a stereotype."

"I don't want to hear anythin' from you, miss cute, helpful kohai."

Pfff!!

"C-cute!? I'm not cute!" Ohh, she showed weakness.

"Please, you're adorable!" Critical Strike!

Hehe, Haruka turned pink at that. I can't get a reaction like that from her anymore, she'd grew took used to my antics, but Ranma, it seems, was a new enough presence to slip past her guard.

Or perhaps this was something to do with an attractive redheaded calling her cute.

Both, most likely.

"You better not let Akane-san hear you say that." I magnanimously knock my kohai out of the spotlight with a snigger.

"What does she have to do with anythin'!?" Ranma huffed but couldn't quite keep the inflection out of her voice. "If you're pullin' crazy fiancees into this let's talk about Kuno's sister!"

Ugh. "Kodachi isn't my fiancee, she just does whatever she wants." A resigned Haruka nodded at that.

Ranma gave me a teasing grin that looked way too good on her girl face. "Oh, but does she know about your ninja girl?"

"Somehow, I'm not surprised that you have a ninja, senpai. Should I worry about that, I wonder?" Haruka interjected before I could answer.

I laughed at that. "You met her once, actually. Remember the woman that was with us after we rescued you from Tōtōsai's place."

By the look on her face, she definitely remembers.

The conversation continued from there. Just idle chat about random, meaningless subjects with an uneven level of attention paid to each one.

Pokemon, school stuff, the new uniform of the gang, new moves we're learning, funny incidents that happened over the last few days. There was bickering and teasing, and a pause as a waitress with a charmingly striped blouse and a tight pencil skirt brought our food…

In general, we just sat there and talked.

It was the kind of memory you look back fondly in the years to come, if not for the half-remembered details, then for the sheer feel of it.

And it was a good distraction, a nice way to unwind a bit before going back to the more serious matters.

"So." I started, pealing my eyes away from the retreating waitress who'd just cleared our table. "How are you guys? With Lucretia's findings, I mean. I know she can be blunt..." I trailed off, deliberately giving them space.

"I'm ok," Haruka said, volunteering to be the first in Hiroshi's Healthy Communication Train. "I said it back then, but just knowing there's a cause helps immensely."

"What am I missin'?" Ranma asked.

We told her the gist of it.

"Ah, so it's just your past life or somethin'. Not you. You're your own person." Was the martial artist's casual conclusion, I couldn't help but smile at that.

"I know, it's just..." Haruka was also smiling, but it was a conflicted thing. "It's frustrating. I feel like there is more to it, like there's a lot that I'm missing. And the worst part is that I can remember after I wake up, I know what to think then. But any realization I make just snip away minutes after, and all is left is..." We watch as she paled and shook her head. It took a few minutes for her to get her composure back.

… But she did.

Dear Lord, she did.

"I... I don't like that woman. I don't like how she surrounds herself with war and pain. I can't even remember the reason why she fights, or if there even is one... But if I can't help having her haunt my dreams then I might as well use what she can give me to fight for something I believe in."

Several moments passed as Ranma and I just continue to stare at the expression on her face.

"Oi Hiroshi, she does that on purpose or what?"

"Not yet… And I fear the day she begins to do."

"Guyyys!!"

It's amazing how easily she can break into an embarrassed mess after making our hearts go Doki, Doki.

She'd make millions as a hostess... probably billions as a host...

Haruka being Haruka aside, I turned to stare at Ranma. Who, in turn, met my gaze with a challenge.

"What?"

"Why so defensive?"

"I'm not defensive, you're projecting."

"Am I?

"Are you?"

"I don't think so."

"You sure?"

"… Just tell me what's on your mind, dude."

Ranma snorted. "Lame." She leaned forwards, putting her elbows on the table and unknowingly pushing the distracting swell in her red Chinese shirt into a near button-bursting point. "So, we got to kill a god."

Shiori, I don't blame you for keeping this information hidden. In name of every hotblooded Japanese teen, I apologize.

"That's a bad idea."

"Haruka smartly stated the obvious." I narrated out loud.

Ranma had the gall to roll her eyes. "I already said I'm not doing right now! I'm not dumb!" Said the teenager planning deicide.

"Zola-san said they're the most powerful in the world. Do you think you can reach their level?" Haruka asked.

"Duh!"

I chuckled at that response. "You got the right attitude, at least. But do you even know where to find one?" I knew they pop up randomly and create havoc in a large area, but Ranma didn't.

"My mom swears she saw Buddha and that actor from Edward Scissorhands shopping in the fruit market near our house."

We could practically hear the record being scratched. Both Ranma and I turned to Haruka with incredulous looks.

"What? I thought it was crazy too!" The blonde said defensively. "But with those crazy things happening lately there's a chance that's is legit!"

"Right," Ranma said, amusement flickering in her blue eyes. "First, we train like our life depends on it, then we train some more, then we kill Buddha at Haruka's fruit market."

I could see that she was taking the piss at that at least, but I couldn't tell if she was fully joking about killing a god.

But then again, she wouldn't be Saotome Ranma if she didn't at least consider it. I grinned and shook my head.

"Let's keep our minds open for the other solution shall we. What about going back to Junsekyo and looking for the drowned guy spring? Why don't we try that?"

For me, that always sounded like the simplest solution for the curse, when I was watching the anime, I mean. Why didn't Ranma drop what he was doing, said to the people around him he was going on a journey, but he was coming back to prevent any freakouts, and just travel back to Jusenkyo to get to the damn spring? Hell, why did he leave Jusenkyo without asking the guide for a cure, or if there was a guy spring for that matter? Oh, I know that the answer probably is 'because there wouldn't be a show if that happened' but now that this is part of my life and not some anime on tv, it didn't hurt to ask.

To my surprise, the martial artist grew agitated with this line of questions.

"Ranma...?"

"Look." She enunciated, taking a couple of deep breaths. "Jusenkyo was a really stressful time for me alright? Things kept happening one after another and Ryoga being there explains a lot." She hissed that part under her breath. "I might have... rampaged a bit and pops and that guide guy only found me after two days."

I blinked, slowly putting the pieces together.

"Wait… so you don't know where it is!?"

Ranma, for the lack of a better word, cringed.

"I wouldn't go that far." She protested. "I know what the region is, and I know the village we stopped before going there! I'm sure if I were there personally I'd know where to go. But if you ask me to point it out in the map, hm—" She clamped out rather than admit it.

I'd lose my head if I said that out loud, but it was adorable.

"Why didn't you just go back? You said you had a guide, right?" Haruka popped in asking the right questions.

The redhead frowned, "It wasn't that simple! We were hungry as hell and the guide told us that there was this amazon village nearby that might have food, so we decided to go there first. We did end up getting' food but turned out it was a tournament prize or somethin'. Then a crazy chick challenged me for it and when I kicked her ass she kissed me on the cheek and swore to kill me! After that, the chick kept chasin' us everywhere and we couldn't stop in one place for too long or she would find us. It got bad enough pops and I couldn't go anywhere without her breakin' everythin', we couldn't even train properly. So, we got sick of runnin' around without rest and swam back to Japan!"

"What- kill you!? -wait you swam to Japan!?" My kohai couldn't keep out with Ranma's sudden motormouth, apparently.

Also, hey, an abridged version of the Shampoo story. This reminds me of a question I always wanted to ask.

"Wait, you defeated the girl the first time, right? So, why run? Couldn't you just beat her again when she popped out?"

"I did! Multiple times!" Ranma threw her arms up in a picture of frustration. "When she saw she wouldn't get me with duels she started to use underhanded tactics; comin' at us out of nowhere, layin' traps on our way, attackin' us in our sleep, it was infuriating!"

Damn, I could see Shampoo doing that, if she doesn't play fair in love, it's unlikely she does so in war.

Still, interesting stuff to know.

"Err, shouldn't you be worried this girl would follow you here if she's that persistent?" Haruka apparently decided to focus on one matter at the time for the sake of her sanity, and once again she went for the most pertinent one.

Ranma waved off her worries. "Nah, we threw her off our tails pretty hard the last time, and we bailed from the country. She's never findin' us."

I don't know if I should grin in amusement or wince in sympathy, knowing what would happen in the future.

"Ok, so first of all; you totally jinxed that," I informed her, because there is never a bad time to lay out a good joke. "And second, all I'm getting from that story is that we will have to search for a bit to find the place when we go there."

It took a few moments for Ranma to realize the implication.

"Wait, we're going!?" Her mouth hangs open.

"What kind of question is that!? Of course, we're going. I only need to sort things out with Ragnarok and make sure the Crew won't implode or turn evil while I'm gone and I'm ready to go whenever. Heck, we already killed enough monsters that each can afford plane tickets ourselves, no need to swim there."

"We still have school, you know?" Haruka pointed out.

"We're delinquents, you know?" I countered. "Wanna come?"

My cool kohai tapped her fingers on the table for a bit "… Yeah sure, I'd have to talk to my parents first, but I don't think they'd be against it. Don't know if that should worry me or not."

"Hey assholes don't go planning crazy trips on my back, I didn't even decide if I want to go back yet!" Ranma complained very loudly.

But there was a big smile on her face and that said every that needed to be said.

The martial artist became even happier with what came next.

"Here're your desserts! I deeply apologize for the delay, there was an incident in the kitchen…" The cute waitress finally came back and placed our orders on the table.

And among it was the sole reason Ranma had decided to dine in her female form in the first place. A large glass jar stretching longer than my face, full to the brink with ice cream, cake, red fruits, cream, and gingersnap crumbs, artistically arranged into several layers of sweets and goodness.

"Strawberry parfait!" Ranma singsonged in a manner she'd died before admitting having done it. A spoonful of the dish nearly set her quivering in pleasure. "Finally, some advantages to being a girl!"

"Rude." Haruka stared at the show, her eyes dropping to her modest slice of pie and back to Ranma's enormous parfait. "… I don't get it?"

"Hm!" The redhead placed the thing back on the table to speak, she had already wolfed down half of it. "I can't order this fruity stuff as a guy, you know. There are things that men can't be seen eating!"

The blonde didn't respond, she just raised her fork and pointed at me…

And my own strawberry parfait.

I deliberately kept my little finger raised and my posture impeccable as I elegantly brought the spoon to my mouth.

Fuck Da Rulez.

"Hiroshi doesn't count, he's weird." Bitch, I'm alpha—

…

… Now, one good thing about being a paranoid fuck and having the feeling being vindicated again and again, was that even during a nice hangout between friends I didn't fully lower my guard. This basically meant I was watching the figure in a full-body travel cloak and large backpack pretty much from the moment they stepped into the café.

I was able to see them enter, go to a waitress, attempt to communicate – which caused the waitress to call another waitress – then turn and freeze as they caught the sight of our booth.

The cloak and the backpack barely started falling to the ground before Ranma kicked the table to intercept the now leaping figure mid-air. I rushed forwards and grabbed Haruka by the blouse before pulling her away.

The table exploded in the air and a second later the booth we were in was obliterated in a boom that shook the entire building and opened a huge crater in the floor.

Among the dust and the shocked customers, the figure rose. A weapon in the form of an enormous metal sphere with a long handle was embedded at the center of the crater, an identical pair twisted in the other hand. They wore a colorful silken outfit and a crimson torso piece that did nothing to hide the prodigious figure and had voluminous hair that fell back in a bluish-purple cascade to reveal beautiful, exotic features locked in a furious sneer.

"Ranma!!!" The familiar and iconic girl roared, blood-red eyes promising murder. "I kill!!!"

You got to be kidding me!

Shan Pu
Fierce Princess of the Joketsuzoku tribe.
Level: 31

"S-S-Shampoo!?" Ranma gapped while I had a minor mental freak out.

What in the world is she doing here!? I mean, I knew she would appear eventually, but while I knew jack-shit about Ranma1/2's official timeline – or if the thing even exists – I knew the exact circumstances where Shampoo was supposed to appear. It was when Ranma and Akane were going out somewhere, in Nerima. We're not in Nerima, she isn't supposed to—

You know what? Fuck it! There is something vastly more important than the angry amazon in the room right now. I whipped my head towards my stunned friend.

"Hey Ranma! Is that the girl who was chasing you in China, Ranma!? The one you just said couldn't find here, Ranma!? Isn't that crazy, Ranma! You were just talking about it, can you believe it, Ranma! Hey Ranma, the thing you said it wouldn't happen, happened, Ranma! Ranma!? Hey Ranma!!—

"I GOT IT HIROSHI, SHUT THE HELL UP!!!"

Hehehehe, satisfaction!



A/Note: And so Hiroshi's deliquent's looks is finally complete. It's basically Metal Bat with a few golden line, bright red shoes, and the NWC symbol in the back and a smaller on the left side of his chest, above the heart.

Heeere's Shampoo!!

I was actually planning something complex and elaborate to introduce her, but my Muse went keep it simple stupid and here we are.

Shampoo art because you can never have enought of it:

Spoiler: Hot Amazon Waifu

Edit: Changed Xian Pu, to Shan Pu, just so you know, it's a minor thing.
Last edited: Dec 28, 2023
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Quantumshard, Sidrakil and 1,276 others
Adudefromthesea
Apr 20, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
5 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty
This thread is more than 5 months old.
Your message may be considered spam for the following reasons:

Posting in story or quest threads that have been dormant for more than 30 days is a violation of Rule 7. You may only post in this thread if you have significant new content to add.
If you wish to reply despite these issues, check the box below before replying.
Be aware that malicious compliance may result in more severe penalties.
I am aware that replying to this thread may be considered spam, but I still want to make a reply.

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
SignlessAcolyte
 [NSFW] Unbridled Horses- Ranma 1/2 AU
SignlessAcolyte May 20, 2026 Words: 34k 1 ... 7 8 9 eventual femboy content eventual smut gender issues
Replies261
Views31K
Aug 19, 2026
SignlessAcolyte
SignlessAcolyte
Fabled Webs
 [NSFW] Playing God (Overlord/Multicross)
Fabled Webs Jul 3, 2026 Words: 48k 1 2 3 adventure comedy multicross
Replies80
Views20K
Aug 17, 2026
Sad Machine
Sad Machine
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Today at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
FreeGod
Poll
 [NSFW] Celestial Ranma 1/2
FreeGod Dec 22, 2025 Words: 26k 1 ... 14 15 16 celestial celestial bordello celestial debauchery
Replies462
Views68K
Aug 20, 2026
Saitsunoot
Saitsunoot
Toraneko_Mai
 [NSFW] Chaos Gacha Ran...ko?
Toraneko_Mai Apr 26, 2026 Words: 15k 1 ... 6 7 8 au ranma 1/2 chaos gacha ranma saotome
Replies217
Views40K
Aug 6, 2026
dracklor
dracklor
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit


Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] New Game, New Life. (Ranma 1/2, Multicross, Gamer SI)
 Thread starterAdudefromthesea  Start dateFeb 7, 2020  Tagsdelinquents magic martial arts multicross oh my ranma ½ slice of life taimanin asagi
Prev  
1
2
 
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 19
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
May 31, 2022
Add bookmark
#18,409
Here is the chapter guys sorry for the delay.

Any Chinese in this chapter was taken from Google translate, to anyone who knows chinese, I apologise for the headaches.



Chapter 19







Here is Shampoo! I guess.

I won't say 'earlier than I thought' because I never had any idea when she was going to arrive. The location was a bit of a surprise, but it did make sense, there was nothing guaranteeing she would aim for Nerima from the get-go. For all I knew she could have seen Ranma in the local news or something and that was how she figured out where to look. The guy did get involved in a lot of big tournaments before her appearance in the anime, after all.

But I will geekily allow myself an 'as expected' because, really, she would show up one way or another. Sure, this new crossover world opened the possibility that she would get killed or derailed by something else on her way here, but that's not how Saotome Ranma's luck worked.

"I hate this! I hate this! I hate this! Why did she have to show up!?" My friend bravely whined towards the heavens as we Mirror's Edge'd our way across Suginami Ward's vast sea of rooftops.

Angry Chinese shouts frequently involving the word 'Ranma' echoed close behind. Frankly, I didn't even have to look to picture the path our pursuer was taking. Even standing close to her line of fire was an effective way to grind for my Detect Killing Intent skill.

"Crazy china chick, am I right!?" I called out solitarily, but Ranma was too lost in her China Flashbacks to hear.

Speaking of line of fire. My detection suddenly sharpened, and I glanced back to see another volley of weapons flying towards us- well, towards Ranma. Even with me running interference in the background, Shampoo was still hyper-focused on her target.

In this case, I ignored all the knives and swords and throwing daggers and focused on the warhammer and the metal staff. Pushing my acrobatics abilities to the limits, I barely managed to bounce, leap, and strike at the weapons in a way that didn't affect my speed and balance too much… Alright, the important thing was that I fell on my feet and running, no matter how I badly stumbled.

The weapons I targeted - all of them from the same ultra-heavy variety of Shampoo's Ball 'n Sticks - veered off from their trajectory and rather than plowing straight through residential areas, they just ripped across tiles and shattered windows before falling to the street below. About the same thing happened with Ranma and the lighter, bladed stuff.

In fact, I looked up in time to see my red-haired friend kicked off from the last sword, pirouetting artistically in the air and landing couples of roofs ahead, going even faster than before.

Godfucking—she's cursing up a storm and she's still showing off!!

Also, no fucking way Shampoo doesn't know Mousse's hidden weapons trick thing; it stopped being a question after the polearms.

Catching up by physical ability alone is impossible for me at this point, so I was forced to rely on other means. My next landing was punctuated by the buildup of energy in my legs, mana rushing to my feet like pressured blood on an open wound. A resonant 'pop' saw me flying ahead with more than just my strength, having shot a banishing-style Mana bolt – now finally renamed in my head as Banishing Bolt – through the sole of my feet to boost my acceleration. A heat of the moment move I came up with during my frog-demon fight, now modified to specifically give me bursts of incredible speeds to further enhance my bullshit range of options.

It did exchange speed for finesse, though, so my method of escaping from the Chinese blender and getting back to Ranma involved a lot of emergency rooftop damage.

"Hey Ranma, to the right!!" I called out once I got close enough, my tone serious this time around. It made my friend cut her epic whiny rant in the middle.

"I know, I remember!!" She shouted back, and bounced her way into a sharp right turn to the right, the movements so clean it was as if she sprouted wings and turned on her own.

I tried using the same surfaces she did and just about managed, but my passing involved a lot more magic and a lot less skill, so those steps turned into cracks and craters and shattered tiles. Not that our pursuer would care, she'd bullrush through the buildings if it'd get to us faster.

A reasonably large, partially forested area suddenly appeared among the urban dwellings. Our destination. I had no idea of the name of this municipal park, but thank God Haruka managed to remember its location. Gave us a perfect place to take on the crazy amazon without causing even more havoc.

Ranma flowed into a crouched landing and swirled around to face Shampoo's direction before she even finished sliding into a stop. I landed close by and bleed the momentum in a roll before jerking upwards and moving to stand beside her.

A second later, Shampoo crash-landed on the other side of the park. Opening yet another crater to add to the collection Suginami Ward was acquiring from our brief stay, and throwing up another thick cloud of dust.

And of course, she took this opportunity to dramatically rise to her feet within the cloud, complete with ominous silhouette and mysterious glowing dots for the eyes. When she was visible again, she raised her wrecking-ball-on-a-stick – really need to figure out how this weapon's called – and glared at us with her bright, crimson eyes, her expression halfway from hot fury and cold determination.

But she didn't immediately leap for an attack, which might have boggled the mind of an onlooker who'd witnessed how she was acting till now.

The reason for that is simple; rather than face her opponent directly, Ranma had turned her body sightly to my direction, not enough to take Shampoo out of her sight but clearly indicating that her attention was divided between the amazon and myself.

You see, one thing I've come to learn in my martial art lessons is that martial artists and the deeper world of martial arts have their own insulated culture, or at least, a code of ethics and behavior they all follow in some way or another. It's pretty clear this wasn't something that was compiled or written somewhere, Ranma never sat down with me and told me the rules and taboos of martial arts, this was something I pieced together from multiple comments and demonstrations, secondary or tertiary elements he informed me while teaching me something else. Things that are like they are 'because they just are' with most likely someone has done something, and it was repeated afterward by another party and then repeated again until it became tradition. Heck, there are some things he didn't even comment on but started to just make sense once I started living a life where the world at large was generally more fragile than my own body.

Right now, we're engaging in a complex interplay. Shampoo has initiated a brawl in her assassination attempt, something that has no to very few rules attached to it. But now Ranma had dragged her to an open, clear field, with complete visibility for both opponents, while also stopping running and turning around to stand her ground. Basically, taking that initial brawl and turning it into a proper duel. Now there was more meaning in this fight, so more rules apply to it; this would be one a one, there will be a time before the start, even if just enough for both combatants to enter their stance, and more importantly, and Ranma has also indicated that she had some last things to hash things out with a third party – in this case, me! – so it bought us a few more seconds to talk parallel to the event.

This might have not worked, it's not like every martial artist was honor-bound to follow these procedures, and Shampoo was a martial artist from another country, who knew how her tradition and culture would fit in this. Thankfully, it did work. Though, personally, I think the only reason it did was the certainty this fight now had. Ranma will fight Shampoo, she will win or she will die.

I let out a breath that came out with a misty quality to it. The beginnings of a chilly night.

Been less than fifteen minutes since I've seen Shampoo, but I can already tell she's gonna be a handful.

"Can you do your part?" I asked.

Ranma let out a tomboyish snort in response. Already stretching her arms and shoulders in preparation. "I'm more worried about your plan. You do have one, right?"

"Yeah."

How to deal with Shampoo was one of the background subjects that often crossed my mind when I had some free time. Not gonna lie, after the thing with Kodachi, I entertain the thought of stealing her for myself. It would be easy, especially now that I had a confirmation of her level and could gauge her strength with my own eyes. I could win a fight against her, I'm certain of that, all I had to do was to win before she found out about Ranma's true gender, and she would be mine. Her gorgeous looks in real life only added to the temptation.

But an engagement with Shampoo would bring not only the attention of Cologne, but also ties to Joketsuzoku and its mysterious laws and traditions, which by what I've seen and read was just as likely to blow up in my face as it was to benefit me. Plus, there was the fact that deliberately stealing one of my best friend's fiancés or future fiancé, even one he barely knows feels like a scummy thing to do. Sure, Shampoo brought Ranma a lot of headaches, but because of her and her grandmother he has grown a lot stronger, hell, his most powerful and iconic techniques came directly from them, and from what I remember from the anime, he would grow to genuinely like Shampoo later on, I don't want to take that away from him.

But there was also the compelling argument that Shampoo would bring a lot, and I mean a lot of trouble to him, the kind of trouble he didn't deserve Maybe the right move would be to cut that by the bud and spare him from the later trauma.

In the end… I decided that I'm not really good with all this scheming and manipulation stuff when I'm not doing it to amuse myself.

So, I decided to just go with what felt right.

Ranma frowned during my contemplation. "No offense, but I'm not expectin' much. Pops and I tried a lot of tricks against her and none of it got her to stop. Girl just bullrush through anythin' you plan!"

Heh, ironic, considering that's one of Ranma's most effective strategies.

At this point, Shampoo was growing visibly impatient. But the sight of Haruka rushing into the park gave her some pause.

My kohai looked at the amazon and decided to take the long route to circle towards us. By the time she stopped at Ranma's other she was drenched in sweat when and panting like an animal, but she kept herself upright rather than bending on her knees and trying to recover some breath like I'd imagined she would.

"Got… Ahh… To anyone I could reach… Huff… Had them evacuate the area or get into their homes…"

I gave her a nod to acknowledge her efforts but continued to address Ranma.

"If all else fails we just deliver her to the police." I try to reassure.

I mean, the amazon did just trash a dinner and left a trail of destruction pursuing us – 'what is it, officer? Some of it was my fault? Madness! It's all on the crazy Chinese Foreigner, obviously! – this might have got her some casual shrugs or a rant from a furious restaurant owner in Nerima, but around these parts this gets the police and the local news called. Drama queens...

My words got me another way-too-sexy-sounding snort from the shortstack. "What are they gonna do?"

Pass her to a department that deals with stuff of this nature. Contact the History Compilation Committee. Deport her.

"Keep her out of our hair till we can come up with a better plan." I decided.

"That's fair."

The amazon at the distance took a step forward, cracking the pavement under her feet. The message was clear. No more waiting.

"This won't take long," Ranma said, then, to my surprise, turned to Haruka. "You watch me."

The blonde nodded dutifully. "Hai!"

The shortstack squared her shoulders and began to stride forwards, mirroring the pace of the amazon before her. Haruka did what she was told and kept her eyes on Ranma as she finished getting her breath back under control.

"You have a plan right, sempai?"

"Yeah, but the first part depends on Ranma." I cocked a grin and gave the blonde a sideway glance. "You know he told you to watch his technique, right?"

I had the pleasure to hear a muffled squawk before she quickly redirected her attention from where it was. "Y-You were looking too!"

Heh, guilty as charged.

The distance between the two combatants lowered until only meters separated them. There was a moment of silence as Ranma and Shampoo faced each other, a suspiciously fitting breezed cut through the area, billowing their hair and the silk of their clothes. Time almost seems to slow down as the last of the drifting leaves slowly descended and meet the ground.

And then it started.

In the anime, Ranma was shown defeating Shampoo with a single kick. I have no idea if that was how it went down in reality or if it was just a representation. After that, from what I remember from the anime, the few times Ranma directly fought against Shampoo, the battles were usually short and quick. Their difference in skill was simply too great.

And this was with the Ranma from the anime. The Ranma of now was one who has fought and bled every single day, who had dealt with multiple situations that could see him dead or worse, who had acquired a wealth of experience he simply hadn't in the show at this point in time. So the difference in skills that always existed between Ranma and Shampoo only grew.

But it didn't end in a single strike, even though I'm sure it could. No, this time Ranma took a different approach. She steadied herself and almost seemed to relax over her form, then, when the first of Shampoo's relentless attacks came to almost brushing distance of her skin, she dodged, her body slipping out of the way in a blindly fast blur, just enough to get out of the attack's path, before she abruptly deaccelerated into the relaxed, flowing state. She did that again, and again, and again, and again, flipping through Shampoo's efforts like a leaf carried by a windstorm, her blue eyes fixed upon the amazon's form with a calm focus, watching, judging.

It was worse than if she had ended it in a single strike.

Not that Shampoo wasn't making a good show, oh no. Before, I had the impression that I could win against her in a fight, I'm still confident that I could, but now I'm certain that I'd have to rely on all my tricks and strategies to do that. She'd win against me in a straight martial art match. In fact, now that I could actually see her fighting style in real life and not the version I witnessed from a tv screen, I'll say it was rather impressive, no, breathtaking really.

This was far from the wanton brutality she'd displayed when chasing after Ranma and I. She was still pissed off, but now her red-hot fury was channeled into her movements, an exotic set of kata that bore only a passing semblance to common Chinese kenpo, composed mostly of precision strikes that fluctuated between high and low, almost like a tireless landslide rumbling down a vast hill, only getting bigger, faster, and more vicious as the momentum build up. All accentuated by the amazon's heavy, emotional battle cries that followed her every strike. She wasn't blowing everything around her anymore, in fact, the destruction she caused was very intentional, either to deny Ranma solid ground for her next step or to raise the dust enough to cloud her sight.

As if on cue, I heard Haruka's breath catch beside me as she witnessed a martial art fight that could make most kung fu movies look like a toddler's match. No idea how much she was able to see though, I certainly felt like I couldn't look away for a second if I wanted to keep up.

However, Like Ranma promised. It did not last long.

Fifty-two seconds after the first blow was thrown, Ranma seems satisfied with whatever she was doing. Then Shampoo stepped into her guard, looking to capitalize on an apparent opening with a thrust that would carve through a normal man's chest if not avoided, but avoided it was, and the blur of Ranma's arms could be seen circling Shampoo outstretched one as the red-haired slip her body out of the way like she had done since the match started.

With a precision no doubt aided by Dr. Tofu's anatomical books and casual lessons (Two weeks of setting delinquents against monsters resulted in a lot of hours spent in his clinic, I made sure to milk the man's knowledge for what it was worth and eventually got Ranma involved too, though Doc still annoying cagy about any serious teaching commitment), Ranma placed her palms over Shampoo wrist and under her arm, and in a manner that was more redirecting the momentum than applying any new one, dislodged the amazon's right shoulder out of its socket. I could hear the 'pop' from where I stood, followed shortly after by Shampoo's weapon crashing and sinking into the ground.

"AGRH!!!"

A cry composed of an ugly mixture of anger, frustration, and pain erupted two seconds later. An unforgivable amount of time when facing Saotome Fucking Ranma. My genius friend easily kept up with the amazon as she tried to retreat.

Another pop, another shout, another limp arm. I closed my eyes, I didn't need to see the rest, I could picture the moves that produced the next set of 'pops'. When I open my eyes again I caught Shampoo tumbling to the ground with all her limbs dislocated and out of place and Ranma standing over her, ready in case she tried anything, which was valid; martial artists are just the kind of crazy fuckers that might be able to do something even with all their limbs out of alignment.

I let out a long breath. It was over.

"Wow." Haruka followed my example, a long mist exiting her pinkish lips. "That was, uh, that was pretty brutal… I'm assuming that was part of the plan. So next part?"

"Next part."

I could feel her look boring into the side of my head. "Will you stop being vague?"

"Hardest part." I faced her. "… I'mma try to reason with her."

Because that's how I roll, apparently. Bludgeoning people with my baseball bat of healthy communication until they expel all their anime silliness.

Easier said than done, however. This is Shampoo we are talking about, she might not be as crazy as Kodachi, but her morals are whack as hell.

Ranma took a step to the side when I came over, letting me stand before the fallen amazon. As usual with anything involving physical skills, her work was near perfect, Shampoo's limbs have been dislocated so cleanly that they probably wouldn't even hurt, that is, if the amazon stayed still rather than shaking in barely contained rage and growing at us like a cornered tiger. Her crimson eyes glare daggers at Ranma but shifted towards me once I lowered myself to her level.

Another second to think had me sitting on the ground instead, there isn't much that I could do to not appear like I was looming over the purplerette, but I imagine squatting near her head and looking down on her like a gopnik supervillain wouldn't help. Sitting down on my ass with my legs crossed was as neutral as I was going to get.

"Hi there," I said and she stiffened in surprise. Probably the first Chinese she'd heard since coming to Japan.

I could feel the stunned looks from Haruka and Ranma. That's right bitches, this delinquent boss is multilingual.

Various language manuals that I absorbed, don't fail me now!

"My name is Ōe Hiroshi, I apologize for the rough treatment but—"

"NǏ JÌNG GǍN CHÁONÒNG WǑ DE MǓYǓ!" She roared these words out, her body shaking even harder.

Allllright, let's try again.

"Can you please speak slower? I'm not good with the language yet so I don't understand…"

Oh boy, she only seems to be getting angrier and angrier. You know that thing people do when they trying to get their breathing under control, but they're too agitated for it to work so it just made them look like an animal in a cage? Yeah, Shampoo was breathing like that, letting out long and hard misty breaths against the gravel like the stream of an overworked boiler, combined with the luminous red eyes poking out from the messy purple-blue bangs and she looked pretty intimidating.

I cleared my throat once it was clear she was content to glare silently. "Ok, look, I'm Ranma's friend, and I'd like to talk to you about—"

"Be silent!" The amazon growled. "You speak like a slow-minded infant, it's gravely insulting!"

I understood her this time around!

… Um oh, yeah, this is bad, even with these short sentences I can already hear several things I was doing wrong.

"My apologies," I said trying to match the intonations she used. "I learned to speak Chinese using manuals and had no one to practice with, I did my best but there was only so much I could do with what I had." Reading about how words are spoken can only take you so far, and it's not like I had the internet for some easy examples.

Shampoo let out an almost animalesque whine and her body shook again. I think that was her settling down a bit, a bit.

"As I was saying, I'm Ranma's friend and I know what happened between you two. I'd like to see if we can reach a compromise."

"Diédiébùxiū zhāzǐ!" She barked, but before I could make sense of what that meant she spoke more slowly. "I don't understand half of the things you speak, you morose fool!"

That got a sigh out of me because yeah, it was pretty bad even from a sonorous standpoint.

I see now that what I was doing isn't so much as speaking the language but improvising the best I could using the information from the books I 'ate'. It was like a non-English speaker trying to talk to an American with an English dictionary on hand, only I could do the pauses where they search for the words and meanings in my head. It's quicker, but it's far from being good.

Right, changing tactics, keep things short and concise, cut the useless rabble.

"I'm Ranma's friend. I want to try a compromise."

The amazon scoffed, she shifted around a bit but there was only so much she could do to get comfortable with her limbs in their current state. For the first time, a sign of the pain she was in crossed her features, but only for a second.

"Tell her to kill me. Spare me from this humiliation!" She spat.

"I want to try to find a way where no one dies." That earned me another scoff.

"Naïve."

This is good, she's willing to engage with me, just gotcha keep her talking.

"Is there any way to revoke the Kiss of Death?" I cut right to the point.

"No."

"A—" The response was so quick that it made me stumble. "No exceptions at all!?"

"I will kill her, or I will die trying. That is all." She sounded insulted by my insistence.

"You never won against her. She's stronger than you."

She growled, shifting her body once again. "Irrelevant!"

Fucking stubborn sexy amazon. "What if—"

"Why do you KEEP INSULTING ME!!?"

The sudden outburst was so unexpected that made me flinch back. Ranma responded to the heightened aggression by stepping forwards into a stance, I even hear Haruka doing something behind me.

"Oi, Hiroshi!" Ranma warned.

"I got it."

Took me a few seconds to work out Shampoo's words.

"Is this about me mimicking the way you speak? It wasn't my intention to insult, I never had anyone to speak Chinese with, you're the only example I have on how to pronounce the words properly. I apologize for that."

"… Still too hard to understand." Shampoo grumbled, "You are like a child."

"In speaking Chinese?" I nodded. "I guess I am."

The amazon seems to consider that, at least. And I could see some of her overwhelming anger finally starting to simmer down a bit. Hard to stay mad when someone's making a genuine attempt to have a civil conversation with you.

Oh, if it was Ranma in my position things would be a whole lot different, but me? I didn't have any beef with her, at least for now.

Hopefully, I'll manage to keep things this way.

"Ranma wronged your tribe, didn't she? What if she did something for it of equal value, make reparations."

"… The amazons of Joketsuzoku are the strongest women in the world. This is the one truth above all others, the one truth that must be maintained no matter the cost." Shampoo muttered against the ground. For the first time, I noticed something slightly alarming; the way she was shifting her body, the little flinches along her legs and the curls of her fingers… she was testing what she could move in this state. "A foreigner warrior woman challenging that is like an affront against heaven itself. They must be punished, their crime corrected. A true amazon must eliminate any who dares stand on top of her. It is our duty. My duty."

"She's not goin' to stay down much longer," Ranma told me.

"Yeah, but she won't be able to fight at her best if that happens." I rebuked.

Though I was a bit concerned about the possibility of a 'surprise' technique, a plan B, or even, god help us, a 'Last Stand/Suicidal' Technique. As far as I remember she didn't have anything like that in the anime. But this isn't exactly the anime.

I bit my lips. "Is there really no alternative?" I asked, and received no answer, she just kept focusing on cataloging her available movements, not even caring that it could see it. Yeah, she definitely had something up her sleeve.

What are my options here? How can I talk down a stupidly stubborn amazon girl raised on a warrior culture ruled by ancient rules and traditions?... When I put it like that it sounds quite the ordeal…

Maybe retreat and make a more concrete plan for later? Do as I said and leave her to the police? I guess I don't have to achieve something today. But… leaving without making some kind of progress feels cheap, especially after that whole duel… and the more I think about it, I don't like the idea of leaving Shampoo alone to start a harassment campaign against Ranma like she did in China, not while I could do something about it.

"We're gonna be fighting her again soon, right?" Now even Haruka was noticing it.

"Aye. Few minutes or so." I heard Ranma replying.

"Figures." Haruka stepped a bit close to me and brushed her hands against my shoulder, while she carried her Shinai with the other. "Hey, sempai, what are even you trying to do, anyway?"

"Trying to…" I began to speak, then I paused.

What am I trying to do?

Reason with her, that was my first instinct. Getting her to stop trying to kill Ranma was the main objective. There are multiple ways to do this, all carry giant butterflies. Killing her gets me the eternal enmity of her whole tribe and her scary grandmother. Setting things up so I could become her fiancé would get me unwanted attention and deny my friend of some serious power-ups he could definitely use considering the world we are living in. The next option… was technically a gamble more than anything, manipulation of the amazon rules that only fit Ranma's… but it was the one my thoughts were usually drawn to when considering the subject.

… In the end, I had already chosen the way I wanted to try to solve this.

"Men," I said in Chinese, then realized how dumb and random that sounded and quickly added. "I mean- You said 'warrior women' what about 'warrior men' does it have the same rule?"

Shampoo's breath hitched and her efforts stopped. She laid still for a few moments, sending me a very calculating look. Before slowly turning her head to look at Ranma… Getting a lot of the anger that has been fizzling out back in the process.

"She is a woman." She barked, her glare fixed on Ranma's very prominent chest, to the martial artist's confusion.

"Humor me, please. Do the same rules apply to men?"

There was a long beat of silence after that.

"… No. It does not." Shampoo eventually answered. She did so in a matter that made it clear she would not be elaborating on that. Which was understandable considering her current circumstances.

Not ideal, definitely not, but I can work with this.

"Ok," I said, standing back up before sending a thankful nod to Haruka and turning to the shortstack. "You're not going to like this."

She narrowed her blue eyes. "Shoot."

"I want to reveal your male form to her."

Ouch was the only thing I could say. Ranma's following exclamation had rattled any nearby ears.

The good news is Shampoo halted whatever she was doing and focused on trying to figure out what was happening. Wasn't every day your hated enemy go from zealously looming over you, preparing for your next tricks to comically stumbling back from her group.

Ranma didn't anime face-plant on the ground, at least. That'd be a bit much.

"No! No way! Absolutely not! That's not happenin'!" Ranma threw her arms along with her denials.

"According to her, the Kiss of Death is only applied to outside women who win against an amazon. You're not a woman, so the rule might be invalid in your case. Might… That's the only way out I found, the only way I think you can get her to stop." I explained patiently.

Ranma looked at me helplessly. "You don't get it Hiroshi, my male form- my true form, it's the only way I can get a break from her madness, the only way I can escape. Otherwise, it's just attack after attack, trick after trick with no end! If she sees it…"

Yeah, fuck, it's easy to forget they have a history of her relentless trying to kill him. In the anime that could be brushed off but in real life…

However.

"… This is honestly the only loophole I managed to find from the Kiss of Death, Ranma. It's one of those ancient, traditional laws that are annoyingly rigid and unbending. Code of Hammurabi stuff. Either is or is not, with no nuance or in-between… However, your case is so special that it goes in direct conflict with the word of the law so she might call the thing off, or leave to consult some amazon specialist, or… or something. There's also most likely another law regarding men defeating amazons but she just told me it's different before clamping down, but, technically, you do not fit in it given that you never won against her as a man. So…"

Yeah, that's basically my plan. I'm trying to bamboozle the ancient amazon law with a pile of technicalities. I don't think it would have worked with someone like Cologne was here, but with Shampoo I'm hoping to at least make her rethink things.

It is still a massive gamble, like, a lot of things could happen. This is different from the original scenario as, like I said; Ranma never won against Shampoo as a man, so I don't really know how Shampoo could react; she might do a one-eighty like in the anime, she might ignore it and continue trying to kill Ranma anyway, she might retreat, or cancel the whole thing… too much could happen.

But this is my honest answer regarding the whole Shampoo situation and how Ranma could attempt to solve it while keeping what he really wants in mind.

And regardless of what happens, I will be here to help him deal with the fallout, no matter what.

I took a breath. "But in the end, I can't make a call on that matter, not on this. If you want to reveal it to her or not, it's up to you." I confess that the thought of just throwing hot water on her without warning has crossed my mind, but it would be a massive dick move, even if it was a good comedy setup.

… Conflict, thy name is Ranma.

I could see her fuzzing around in a way she never would if she was in her true form, at least not this openly. Made me feel a bit shitty for just dropping this on her. Maybe I should have gone with the surprised hot water after all.

This was Saotome Ranma, however, she wasn't the kind of guy that would stay indecisive for very long.

… Saved for engagement matters, of course.

"Right, right, so, the only way?" I nodded. "Fuck, alright, let's do it!"

The English curse made me grin, I'm almost proud.

With a gesture, two glasses of water fell from the inventory and into my grip, but rather than throwing them on Ranma right away, I lowered down to Shampoo level once again, showing her the glasses.

"… Ok, Shampoo, there is something you should know." I began slowly, using her name for the first time to get her to focus on me. "Ranma is not a woman. He is a man who fell into the Niángnìquám while training in Jusenkyo. See this." I presented the glasses before she could protest, letting a bit of their water drop on her hands. "Hot and cold water, right? Observe."

I stood back up, keeping the glasses of water visible and clearly showing which is hot and which is cold. Ranma was already at my side with an arm raised.

I let the hot water hit her arm.

As always, the change took less than a second and was supremely interesting to watch, limbs stretched and bulked up, musculature and skeletal structure grew and changed, hair shifted from red to black, one neat thing that happened this time around is that the changes started from the arm and spread to the rest of the body, it so quick it barely make a difference and it wasn't really noticeable unless you played really close attention to the process, but I made a mental note about it anyway.

"Hot water, bring out the original shape." I pointed to the now male Ranma, making sure the amazon was watching. Then, I shifted glasses and dropped cold water on the same spot.

Same changes, at the same speed, originated from the same place, only in reverse. Muscles slimmed down, black turned to red, chest ballooned out in an always-distracting manner.

"Cold water, actives the curse, changes people into their cursed shape." I pointed to female Ranma and all her meter-and-a-half glory. "As you can see, he's not a woman. You have not been defeated by a woman; the Kiss of Death is invalid." I confess I added that last in a blatant attempt to sway her thought process.

Then I used the last of the hot water to turn Ranma into a guy again. It's a bit of a shame not having a beautiful redhead to admire anymore, but I knew he'd appreciate it.

The now male martial artist waved at the wide-eyed amazon with his wet arm. "Hello, my name is Saotome Ranma." He spoke in a Chinese that was broken even by my standards.

And that was that; simple, concise, no drama or bullshit, just a quick info dump, like ripping off a bandaid.

I finally focused on Shampoo to see her reaction, annnd it's like I was expecting; eyes wide as plates, mouth sagging open, body frozen in place. I waited for the inevitable explosion.

And waited.

And waited a bit more.

… Oh.

"Ok." Haruka let out a long breath turning from the frozen Shampoo to look at us. "Can one of you please explain to me what's going on there?"

Right, Haruka has been a champ following our lead and trusting us until now, but even her have limits.

"So, um, to summarize; that's the crazy china chick from Ranma's tale, I'm sure you realized. She was trying to kill him due to an ancient law that said she must kill any woman that defeats her. But Ranma isn't a woman so—"

"So you point out the misunderstanding." My kohai finished for me. She looked back at the… worryingly still amazon. "Now what?"

"Ummm."

Shampoo.exe has stopped working, I guess.

"I'm… not sure?"

"Phewww!"

At the loud exhalation of breath, we both snapped our heads to face Ranma.

He was relaxed, grinning even.

"It worked!" He beamed.

"What?"

"She doesn't want to fight anymore! First time that happens!"

What? How the fuck he knows that? I looked at the frozen amazon, trying to see what he saw… Nothing, she still the same she was just a second a…go… Wait, no… she didn't look as dangerous anymore.

The fuck!? Why!? Did-Did I just felt her battle spirit or something? Or the lack of it?

Wait, does that means we broke her spirit?— And now Ranma is stepping over her prone form!

"The heck you doing you crazy fuck!?"

"What? I'm putting her limbs back in place." As if to reiterate his point he bend over her and did just that to her shoulder.

"Wasn't she trying to kill you a second ago?" Yes Haruka, join me as the voice of reason, we will conquer the world!

"Aren't you the one freaking out about her trying to kill you a second ago?" I added my own contribution to the world-conquering plot.

"Well, she ain't trying now." Ranma, the fool, rolled his eyes at our sensible questions and fixed Shampoo's other shoulder, it's a bit concerning that not even the pain was getting her to react. "Besides, I don't want her pissed at me once she comes to herself."

But— Alright, that's fair—

—What happened next didn't have anything to do with the conscious part of my mind.

It was from a deeper, more primal part, the place where the lizard brain and all those genetic instincts accumulated by generations were located. In one moment, I was looking exasperatedly at my friends fixing the girl that had wanted him dead and possibly still does, next, I was with Haruka over my shoulders dashing for the park's exit.

I retook control of my body before I jump to the first rooftop and swirled back, dropping Haruka beside me.

There was absolutely nothing on the place we once stood, just a displacement of air that hit me a moment later like a shockwave. So— Above!

I looked up just in time to see Ranma crashing against it.

"Sempai! Wha—"

"Enemy. Very Strong. Get away from here!"

With that, I took off running to the action. My eyes scanned the park for situational awareness. Shampoo was in the opposite corner, Ranma must have done the same I did for Haruka to her. Her limbs also seem to be back in their proper place as she was crouching in a three-point stance, the sudden enemy attack must have snapped her out of her stupor.

I dismissed her after the moments-analysis, directing my attention to the battle… above…

Something… weird happen as I watched, something unsettling, something wonderful. A swirling in my chest I couldn't explain. Best comparison I could make was seeing Ranma fighting that Satori all those weeks ago. Seeing impossible martial arts made manifest for the first time

Ranma and the figure were trading blows mid-air as if gravity had no hold over them. A fast-paced dance of graceful brutality that was absolutely mesmerizing. They're the same, the two of them, I don't know why this thought came to me because they clearly aren't; Ranma, despite not fucking around, was moving in the familiar manner of the Anything Goes style, while his opponent moved in a different one… Yet my mind kept equating them, blending them together and— And in a blink of an eye, they were two birds flying beautifully across an infinite blue sky.

A loud crash brought me back to reality, and I saw Ranma slamming into the park's ground like a fucking meteor.

Ranma lost the engagement, Ranma lost the aerial engagement!

I didn't think, just brought my bat up and shot three Mana bolts from the tip. The first one struck true and caused an explosion punctuated by a satisfying cry of surprise, the other two cut through the smoke without a target.

I swung my bat towards the purple blur that bounced in the distance and was suddenly on my face.

My midsection exploded in white pain while my body was forcibly ejected by the impact, entering in a tube of air that saw me rolling around and crashing against everything in my path. It took me a second to reorient myself within the rolling world, and I dug my foot into what I now see was the asphalt of the adjacent street in an effort to slip to a stop. I finally managed only when my back crashed against a car, setting off its alarm.

Dear lord, it feels like my stomach has fused with my spine!

Push away the pain, Hiroshi. it is an illusion for little bitches. Ranma needs me.

I grunted as I lunged forwards and dashed my way back to the park. A red and a purple blur were flashing all over the place, loudly displacing air in a volley of shockwave-like blows. I could barely follow them with my eyes, so I forced my Battle Eyes skill until they become visible. After that, two Banishing bolts from my feet gave me the acceleration I needed.

"HORA!!"

I brought down my baseball bat in a strike that was blocked with one arm even as a crater formed underneath. For the first time I had a glimpse of the attacker.

Purple bodysuit, long golden hair, sky blue eyes that burned with pure murder. That was around the time my mana snapped to my bat, making it sprout whirling blades directly against the attacker's skin.

The stupidly strong girl let out a screech of pain and stepped back before simply vanishing. I had enough time to open my inventory in front of me before pain flared in my chest and I was thrown back once again. This time with a trail of fire sprites appearing in my wake.

I smirked as my body flailed around like a ragdoll. Wishing I could make a show of dramatically snapping my fingers. But I suppose a mental command and a flex of mana would have to do.

A series of massive explosions shook the park, raising a virtual wall of flames like some crazy American just carpet-bombed the place. I was more prepared for the pain this time around, so I was back in the fight in no time.

No idea if my fire trick hit her, but Ranma was keeping her occupied once again. Under the rash light and shadows of the flickering wall of flames, I got into the fray, shooting Mana bolts and her feet and the ground she was crossing in the usual disrupting tactics. But these wouldn't work this time around, not when she had already proven she could overwhelm Ranma. So, I used them to get close.

Thank God we planned for something like this, times where we'd end up facing a superior opponent. Sure, Ranma made the usual cocky remarks and bragged about it, but after the dream spider kid and the frog demon, he had actually sat down and paid attention.

Synchronized strikes, coming from different directions, force their focus to shift between us, make openings so the other could take advantage of, never stop moving. The strategies changed as the fight progressed, naturally turning into something that worked.

In a turnabout from how we usually do things, Ranma was the shield; the one running interference, parrying, blocking, intercepting her attacks in an insane manner that almost seems to form a bubble of air around him, and more importantly, working hard to protect me and give me opportunities. Sure, I could barely keep up, but my attacks, the ones coated by magic and mana, cut through purple girl's defenses in a way Ranma's simply didn't. Long incantations and proper spells were out of the question, so I had to make do with my chainsaw bat and smart use of sprites and Mana bolts.

It wasn't a perfect strategy, and by that, I mean we took a shit ton of hits, but it was working, we were pressing her- all the seconds this fight has been going on were like a relentless firework shown at ground level, but we are making progress.

And, of course, this won't last because the girl only needed six seconds to learn our patterns and change her moveset to counteract us. This needs to end fast. If the fight continues, we will lose.

Then, as definitive proof this crazy world is run by fucking narrative logic, the spiraling curtain of fire that had formed around us parted to show my reckless, stupid, goddamn incredible kohai.

"HAH!" She cried out, thrusting her shinai right at the bitch's neck.

Even with my limited knowledge of swordsmanship, I could see this was a picture-perfect disabling strike, fatal to anyone without the insane sturdiness of martial artists even. The form, the momentum, the place where it hit, it should have knocked the consciousness of anyone, ending the fight right there.

Should have.

The Blade compressed, its bindings tearing, bamboo strips expanding in a bird cage-like shape before finally snapping.

She simply didn't have enough strength for it.

The purple girl's whole body swirled like a localized tornado. Lashing out with a reflexive counter- one that Haruka couldn't handle- Haruka's going to die—

Kill her.

Fire and Earth sprites rotated into the surface of my bat, forming a coat of burning magma before I swung upwards in a move so fast and abrupt that it snapped my musculature in several places. At the same time, cold and hot air coalesced into an almost physical mass above us and began to descend in the shape of a giant guillotine blade in conjunction with Ranma's ax kick— And the girl suddenly grew eight hundred eighty-eight arms—

I was picked up and thrown away.

… Just like that.

It was confusing for me too.

Something, someone, has gently plucked me from where I was and threw me across the area like I was a plastic toy or something.

A great woosh came over the place as mine and Ranma's attacks crashed violently before fusing together into an enormous firestorm and rising towards the sky. It was like it took all the oxygen, no, all the air with it, and for several moments afterward there was only silence in the now darkened park before it all fell back as a giant explosion boomed above us, turning the night into day for a second and taking out the windows of the nearby buildings.

I had to blink a few times to… well, make sense of it all.

I had fallen on my ass in a manner that did not hurt me for some reason. The park was dark due to, well, all the fires being put out, but thankfully some of the lamp posts were starting to light up again. There were a whole lot of car alarms ringing in the distance and… a lot of distressed cries. Right, might have scared a lot of people. Shit.

Next thing I realized was how depleted I was. I put a lot more than I meant to in that last attack.

… Oh, and my body was positively screaming in pain, but that was nothing new.

"My, my, the youth nowadays sure is scary, isn't it?"

I blinked at the man standing where we once were, right at the center of the now devastated park. He was slightly above average in height with a slender build that looked almost lanky in his white and black kimono-hakama combo. His messy black hair framed a handsome face, but his most distinct features drew most of the attention, that being a long, well-groomed mustache, freaking lightning-bolt shaped eyebrows…

And dull, almost colorless blind eyes.

Kōetsuji Akisame
Ryōzanpaku's Grandmaster
The Philosophical Jujutsu Grandmaster
The Medic Demon
The Gentlest Fist
Gentleman Adventurer
Knight of The Round Table – Galahad
Level: ???

O..Kay.

Another stupidly strong person appears. If he's hostile we're fucked.

"K-Kōetsuji-san." The unfamiliar female voice sent me jumping back up to my feet. My opponent was still standing, so I'd be damn I would do the same!

At the distance, I catch Ranma doing the same… and Haruka was close to him, thank god she's alright.

"Kōetsuji-san, they… these monsters… They're… Ragnarok… Kenichi-kun…"

I could see the girl rising to her feet, and I could see the marks the fight has left on her. Her previous bodysuit was now a small collection of scorched patches that barely covered her modesty, so much so that she had to pass an arm over her breasts to keep them from showing. In her exposed state, I could see every bruise, every bleeding cut, and every burn we managed to leave on her. And I couldn't help but scowl as I realized how superficial it all was compared to my half-pulverized state.

I also couldn't help but notice that— god fucking damnit the girl was HOT! Like, Taimanin hot, like, if you tell me she was an apprentice taimanin I would totally believe you. Heck, with curves like that I could see her growing up to match Rin.

The grandmaster guy appears to study the girl for a few moments, then he spoke gently.

"Kenichi-kun is out of danger, Mio. He will be alright."

Fūrinji Miu
Heiress of the Fūrinji Style
Ryōzanpaku's Princess
Level: 65

She's also stupidly strong, no surprise here, also; first example of someone around my age with two titles. Besides me, I guess.

Now… there is something wonderful about getting out of 'fighting mode' so to speak, right before the adrenaline crash makes you miserable. It's a kind of relaxation that comes from the ceasing of action, one that was not so deep as to slow you down if the action restarted, but it was deep enough that the overabundance of tension starts to fall away. It also helps you notice things, things you've been ignoring in favor of more important, fight-for-survival-related details.

Like their appearances.

Their names.

Their titles.

The content of their conversation.

It all dawned on me and— HOLY FUCK! These guys are from Kenichi Strongest Disciple!

Also, ah fuck, these guys are from Kenichi Strongest Disciple!

I'm not familiar with the series, I watched the anime an eternity ago and unlike Ranma ½, I didn't like it enough to rewatch it. I only read bits and pieces of the manga, and the most precise information about the later plot of the series came from fanfics.

Fucking hell, we've been fighting the main girl! Miu, I remember her name! Wait was she supposed to be this strong?

I was dragged from my thoughts by the sight of Miu falling to her knees. The soot-covered, bleeding, practically-naked girl curled over herself, her sobs resonating through the night.

Umm, ok, that… That's something. There's definitely something going on.

And Ragnarok is involved, if Miu's previous words were anything to go by.

"… There's been a tremendous misunderstanding tonight." The man- One of the main character's masters! Spoke out loud. Addressing each of us. He seems to be scanning and categorizing each of the injuries he could see, going from Ranma, to Haruka, even to Shampoo, still at the distance. Then, his eyes fixed on me.

Two things happened

First; I was reminded that he was blind, but I doubt that slowed him down in any meaningful way.

Second… I do not know this man, I read about him in a manga more than a decade ago, but in this life… I also never met him, there was no rush of memories caused by seeing his form or hearing his name.

Yet… he recognized me; I was sure of it.

"… My name is Kōetsuji Akisame, I'm a doctor. As a gesture of goodwill, please allow me to treat your injuries." He gave me a smile, then turned around to show the rest. "After that, please allow me to treat you to dinner. I believe we should have a talk."

New Quest: Dinner With The Strongests
Go have a nice dinner with the Strongests under the mountain! And maybe figure out what the fudge is going on!!!
Rewards:
5.000 exp.
Increases closeness with the Ryōzanpaku dojo
Increases closeness with Fūrinji Miu
Increases closeness with Kōetsuji Akisame
????????
????????
????????
????????
Failure:
None
Accept/Refuse.

What the fuck—Now you give me a quest!? NOW!? After all the bullshit that happened today!?

Fucking inconsistent Gamer System.


A/Note: Kōetsuji isn't blind, but he looks like he is with eyes like that, so Hiroshi thought so.

A/Note2: The Shampoo conundrum turns out to be harder to deal with than I imagine, she brings a lot of benefits, but a lot of negatives, and the original plan that I had simply didn't fit Hiroshi's character anymore that ended up causing rewrite after rewrite. This was the end result, and while I not completely satisfied with it, I hope it comes out sincere and true to the characters, which is my main objective. (It's also not over, but the ball start rolling so it should be easier to manage it now)

Moving on, we finally get to Kenichi! I know some of you were waiting for this, I hope I did the introduction justice. And yes in the two weeks Hiroshi was training, dealing with internal affairs, and consolidating his gang, the Butterflies dragged Kenichi's ragnarok arc to the back of a Wendy's and shot it in the head, things are officially off the rails.

Waifu of the chapter:

Spoiler: Pic 1
Spoiler: Pic 2
Last edited: Sep 9, 2023
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,245 others
Adudefromthesea
May 31, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Aug 5, 2022
Add bookmark
#19,678
It's finally here.

Again, all chinese in this chapter was taken for google translator.

And I know Akisame isn't blind, Hiroshi is just having that impression due to the color of his eyes.



Chapter 20








The entrance to Ryōzanpaku Dojo looked a bit like the entrance to Tendo Dojo.

To be fair, every aged building on inherited family land looked similar. The place was constructed in the same traditional style with a wall of about three or two-and-a-half meters tall surrounding it, it had the same coloring and wood used looked to be of the same type, though, unlike the Tendo's, you couldn't see any building peeking out from the top of the walls if you look at a certain angle, so the buildings were either shorter, or they had a larger area to work with, I couldn't tell from the path we took, walking across the surprisingly quiet residential district till we ended at the gates.

There was where I saw the differences; the gates of Ryōzanpaku were substantially larger than the Tendo's. The dark, wooden doors looked thicker, denser than it should have been possible, and the Dojo's sign hanging above almost seen to loom over whoever was standing beneath it.

Ranma scoffed at it seeing it for the challenge that it was.

"I must apologize again." The martial artist master, Kōetsuji Akisame, said to us, pausing with his hand on the gate just as he was about it open it. "For inviting you so suddenly. But the opportunity is too great to let it pass, I promise that everything will be clear shortly."

"Yeah, you're not really helping with the whole 'follow a weird stranger in the middle of the night' when you said stuff like that." I couldn't help but quip, causing the guy to embarrassingly clear his throat.

The guy's been trying to regain the whole 'aloof master act' even since the police siren set us running from the collapsed park.

But that's not the only thing he was trying to do by reassuring us.

The air between our group has been awkward to say the least. Ranma was lapsing back and forth between frustration and silent anger as he replayed the early battle in his head, Shampoo kept her distance, glaring daggers at everybody that so much glanced at her and overall just looking like she was about to pull the real thing and make a break for it, Haruka was mostly confused, tensed, and maybe in a bit of a shock, it was the first time she saw me and Ranma really cut loose and witness the light show we usually left behind, but, as usual, she was hiding all of that under a cool, neutral mask, and the new addition, Miu…

The girl was a mess, an emotional conflict in teenager form. I could practically see it wheeling around in her head, grief, elation, embarrassment, dread, relief, frustration, guilt, all naked on the face of a girl too shaken to put her guard back up.

And me? I was desperately scanning every nook and corner of my brain for anything and everything Kenichi-related that I knew. I didn't get much.

Still, Kōetsuji had the right idea, there was too much tension here. "Maybe a brief explanation about what you actually want?" I threw the blind man a bone.

Because by god if I wasn't sure this guy was a pretty chill dude and hadn't had a quest prompting me, there was no way I'd be following him anywhere.

"To talk, mostly. But the subject is important, and it does involve you." Pretty much confirmed he knew who I was there. "… And perhaps the majority of young people in the area. Tonight, by some twist of fate, allowed the reunion of several parties that will be involved, it was too good to let it pass."

"Still too damn vague," Ranma grumbled.

"Ano." Miu began to speak and nearly buckled when I and my friends' attention turned to her. "I… I have to cook, um, the dinner… I…"

"I'm sure the others took care of it," Kōetsuji said with a reassuring smile before finally pushing the gates open.

Two things happened at the same time.

One: A giant, hulking figure practically materialized out of nowhere and lunged at us.

Two: A loud crash and explosion echoed in the background a couple of yards away from us, the sounds of intense fighting immediately becoming apparent.

Logic dictated that I should focus on the hulking figure, it was the thing coming at us after all, and large creatures suddenly aiming toward you rarely mean good things, but pure reflex and raw instinct pointed us in the direction of the fight instead. It took a moment for me to realize why. The figure, whatever the fuck it was, wasn't giving any sign of aggression, so, naturally, our fighting senses disregarded it in favor of the biggest source of conflict.

Basically, we, the group of spooked teenagers wired to the snapping point, flinched into a guarded stance facing away from the giant who landed right next to us like a meteor.

"APA!!"

Oh, that jolted some memories.

"MIU! You alright!?"

"Apachai-san! Y-Yes, I'm ok."

The giant man fretting over Miu is one of the masters, I recognize him now. Over two meters tall, deeply tanned skin, light blue hair looking like the end of a particularly messy broom, harsh and rugged South Asian features locked in a childish expression of worry as he shook the smaller girl by her shoulders.

It's the comic relief one.

Apachai Hopachai
Ryōzanpaku's Grandmaster
The Death God of the Muay Thai Underworld
Lost Heir of The Thailand Royal Family
Reincarnation of Hanuman
Suvannamaccha's Latest Obsession
Level: ???

Riiight...

Been expecting something unreasonable like that.

Bet the other masters will follow this 'bullshit titles' trend.

Reasonably sure nothing was going to blow off on that front, I finally added my attention to the others as they watched the fight and the events surrounding it.

The two fighters were female. One wearing t-shirts and jeans using some kind of street Tae Kwon Do that focused a lot on acrobatics and pulled a Saotome Ranma by leaving the user in the air for as long as possible. The other was in a more basic high school or middle school girl with bright red gloves like what Haruka was wearing, she fought with a specialized style that I could only just tell there was something of karate in it but nothing more though there were many postures and stances that struck me as weirdly familiar. Both were moving with speeds, strength, and skills that left no doubt they were trained in the arts. Not as destructive as someone like Ryoga, or, well, me, but they were occasionally cracking the ground underneath and crashing with impacts that would snap a normal person's bones, both were going too fast for me to see their name tags.

The commotion appears to be growing as more people came out of the house to watch the event. Young people, not the masters I was expecting, all wearing diverse and striking outfits and all of them with bandages on part of their bodies… and there was also a nervous-looking dude in a suit for some reason.

Before I could decide what to do next, another figure appeared from the house, this one was more distinct, both because he was less bandaged and more 'doing a mummy cosplay', and because—

"KENICHI-KUN!!" Miu's emotional screech rang in my left ear as she shot past me, running toward the injured protagonist.

Yeah, that.

"Ah, that's no good. Wonder who took him out of the clinic?" Kōetsuji commented out loud, his hand rubbing his chin.

"The hell are you doin' there!?" The cry suddenly came from beside me, and I was left confused about why would Ranma…

"APA!! Pigtail Friend!!"

I nearly snapped my neck looking back. Ranma knew one of the masters, he knew Apachai!? what in the world—

"MA JIANXING!!!" Another screech abused my poor ears, this time I could see a furious Shampoo explode from her position, and my eyes reflexively followed after her as she pirouetted across the air to attack someone that was perched on the roof.

The guy - who I recognized as another one of the masters, the Chinese one– wiggled around the volley of attacks and somehow ended up with his head motorboating Shampoo's ass, provoking even more and even louder screeching, this time with a dash of rapid Chinese cursing.

"Alright, that is officially—"

"OI!!"

Interrupted once again.

I looked up to see the main character himself marching towards us, showing none of the slowness of the limp he did before when getting out of the house.

Shirahama Kenichi
Ryōzanpaku's Disciple
Level: 20

"What have you done to Miu-chan, you brutes-Gah!!!"

About halfway across he tripped on a pebble and collapsed comically to the floor, his whole-body twitching in place. A second later and a ninja woman dropped down from nowhere and began poking him with a stick.

The blind master Kōetsuji just sighed at the sight and nearly winced when the fight got too close to the house and cracked one of the supporting pillars. "I apologize for that." He told us. Me and Haruka that is, Ranma was too busy screaming obscenities while being hugged and spun around by the Thai giant.

… You know that.

This whole thing helped dispel some of the tension that has been building up since the park. I can't really stay serious before all this chaos, it reminded me of home.

Glad to see a dojo in the same Nerima wavelength.

-0-0-0-​

If we take a look at our injuries, it's understandable why Kenichi reacted that way.

Ranma was pretty badly bruised and had bone fractures over his ribs and arms, but nothing unusual as far as martial artists' fights go – heck the only unusual thing about it is that it happened to Saotome Fucking Ranma.

Haruka didn't really participate in any of the fighting beside that heart-stopping moment at the end. So, she was fine.

I was the same as Ranma, with uglier bruises and worse breaks, and I was pretty sure I fucked up the muscles of my back and shoulders on my last attack… But everything healed on my way here, so my immaculate self just gave master Kōetsuji a peace sign when he came time to patch me up.

Now Miu… Yeah, in addition to the expected bruises and broken bones, the girl had some really scary injuries.

The deep lacerations on her right arm that practically ripped out all her skin in the area, an extensive collection of first to second-degree burns all over her body, signs of fucking frostbite in some selected parts, patches of her long blonde hair… yeah, you could say we did a number on her. Heck, most of her more serious injuries come from me and not from Ranma, and I still don't know how to feel about that. Says a lot about a martial artist's sturdiness and the medical standards of this world that Kōetsuji allowed her to stay for the discussion, though she was banned from making dinner.

… Oh, and she was naked, that is, her original bodysuit was gone and she came home wearing only Ranma's new NWC jacket over her nudity, don't know how much that contributed to Kenichi's ire but my guess is a lot.

Funnily enough, Miu's state didn't get much reaction from the masters, the greater pushback came from the younger crowd.

And speaking of that crowd. Surprising doesn't even come close to describing them.

"My my, Dandy-san. Can't say that's how I expected us to meet again. Now, just what were you doing with honey, fighting in a burning building or something?"

Takeda Ikki
Takeda the Puncher
Level: 19

There's Takeda Ikki again, the cheeky Ragnarok fuck who attacked my territory a couple of weeks back. He's still as laid back as ever, sitting in a faux relaxed stance, with a piece of straw on his lips. Big thing about him is the fact he could now move his left arm. Also, fuck! He was a Kenichi's character all along! Should have seen that coming.

There was an edge in his voice that wasn't there the first time we met, even when he was being cornered. He either grew some balls since that time, or Kenichi wasn't the only one angry at Miu's injuries.

"Dandy? Dandy Bat, the leader of the new Nerima Gang? I see."

A new guy. One that I do not remember from the manga nodded in acknowledgment. He was big, like, really big, but it's clear that he had just as much muscle as he had fat, clearly a Sumo or another ultra-heavy martial art fighter. he had a utilitarian haircut with long sideburns and a squared, manly face I could see being called handsome by certain women.

But even if my memory fails me, the tag above his head reveals to me who he really was.

Chiaki Yūma
Former Seventh Fist of Ragnarok, Thor
Level: 23

"Tsk!" The girl at his side loudly clicked her tongue. "Damn it, Ikki! Not worth the trouble my ass, they're clearly established!"

This one I recognized. The flat-chested, red-haired tomboy that started as the first big enemy before joining the heroes; her design was iconic, so I recognize her instantly. Red shirt with a collar loose enough to show her bra strap, tight jeans with one leg ripped off, puffy green beret on her head… taunt, sculpted leg that went on forever…

She was the one fighting when we arrived before they got too close to the house and Kōetsuji intervened.

Nanjō Kisara
Former Eight Fist of Ragnarok, Valkyrie
Level: 22

The guy next to her stirred. He was tall, not as tall as the sumo guy but taller than me, he had rugged features, spiky hair cut in a near military style and a scar across the left side of his jaw, his eyes were hidden under a pair of sunglasses he wore even indoors.

Now, to be as kind as I could possibly be… the guy didn't have much presence, especially when compared to the rest of the crew.

Ukita Kōzō
Ukita The Thrower
Level: 16

"I mean, it doesn't really matter anymore, does it?" The guy commented, earning a heated glare from the redhead to which he could only raise his hands in concession.

"… A tactical mistake, but one that brought benefit in the long run. After today's event, it's safe to say that any group that opposes Ragnarok is a good thing."

Now, about this speaker… If you showed me them a couple of months ago, I'd say it was a guy, but nowadays, after a long time spent near Haruka, I'd say she's like her; a really, really handsome girl. This one seems to be using her ability to look like a pretty boy to the fullest extent, dressing like a host of some Victorian-themed bar and everything. With long, wavy blonde hair and light purple eyes, she's not someone I recognize.

Shiratori Kaoru
Nanjō Kisara's Right-Hand Woman
Level: 18

"… That said, Tadeka's insubordination at that time cannot go unpunished." She finished up with a glare, prompting the lazy boxer to try to defend himself.

"Oi, oi, I'm not even part of your team anymore, sheesh."

A loud bang echoed across the room as a foot slammed on the dinner table. My eyebrow twitched. I don't want to look at the girl, I don't want to acknowledge her existence and what it represented, but since when this crazy universe care about what I wanted?

"Who cares about that!? You're all delinquents! All those people got hurt because of you!!"

There she was, standing up and looking down at all of us from under her button nose, warm brown eyes burning with righteous determination, a white bandanna over short dark brown hair, blue and white high school uniform that left her toned midriff free to be admired by the world and bright red kickboxing gloves on her fists…

Her appearance was beyond iconic. I recognized her the moment her fight with Kisana was interrupted and she finally stopped moving around, and she's definitely not from Kenichi.

Kasugano Sakura
Ryu's Number One Fan
Level: 28

Kasugano Sakura from Street Fucking Fighters.

Goddamn it, so games are also eligible to be part of this insane world!? How the fuck is this place even functioning!? What's next? Disgaea!? Fucking NIER!? I swear to God if a dragon and a giant pop off from the skies of Tokyo I'm tapping out.

I turned to look at my friends, mostly because what the fuck was I gonna do with this? Haruka raised her eyebrow at me and Ranma was too distracted catching up with the second familiar face he met around these parts; he actually looked happy about this one.

But the guy he was talking to was… unique to say the least, his whole appearance seems to edge a bit too close to the uncanny valley. Face far too long and too angular, pointy ears sticking out from the side of his head, slithering tongue that sometimes slip out of his lips when he spoke while also looking too thin and elongated. He had actually made quite the entrance by slamming the slide doors open and announcing himself to us, but all that attitude bleed away completely when he saw Ranma.

Now he was obediently kneeling in front of the martial artist with a big, fake smile, plastered on his face and his hands taken almost to the point of ignition with how fast and frequently he was rubbing them all while he nodded enthusiastically at the pigtailed martial artist's every word. Ranma himself looked completely unaware of the effect he was having on the guy.

Niijima Haruo
Human?
Level: 02

Right, so, clearly a normie, but I remember that his role in the manga was intelligence gathering or something. Not sure how to feel about his title, it seems like a cheap gag.

Haruka, seeing my overwhelmed state, stepped in. Bless her little heart.

"That's not an accusation you can throw lightly. We had nothing to do with whatever you're referring to; in fact, we don't even know what it is. So don't go lumping us together." She declared meeting the glare of the Street Fighter character.

"So? You're a delinquent, you're there to cause trouble anyway, I should kick your ass right now!"

My kohai leaned in, and it was clear that a nerve was struck. "You can try." Annnd she challenged the girl that's more than ten levels above hers.

God, I'm a bad influence.

"Self-righteous little bitch!" Kisara suddenly growled. She didn't exactly jump to her feet, but she went to one knee with her legs clearly preparing a lunge. "Don't think your fight with me is over!"

Sakura turned around to face the redhair, her fists going up. "Bring it on!"

"BAHAHAHA!! You kids nowadays, can't leave you alone for one minute and you're already gearing up for a fight! I approve!"

Oh yes, them. They stood out even among all those new names.

One of Kenichi's masters got into the room, the karate one – can't really mistake him for anymore else – Tall, broad, muscular physique that made those spartan guys look like slackers, big ass scar horizontally cutting a ruggedly handsome face that was locked in a ferocious grim.

Sakaki Shio
Ryōzanpaku's Grandmaster
100-Dan Street Brawler of Karate
The Dragonslayer Fist
Honorary Oni
Crazy Tyrant of Battle
The Everlasting Fireheart
Level: ???

I was more prepared this time around, so the insane titles didn't cause as much of a reaction from me. I'm starting to believe every master or strong individual I meet will have something like this. even if I couldn't understand the true significance of the less obvious titles, they certainly tell a history.

Case and point; the ninja woman from before dropped down from the ceiling to sit by the table. Of all Kenichi's masters, she was the most memorable, and for good reason.

Extremely curvaceous body hugged only by a tiny pink kimono robe, the front open enough to show an abundance of cleavage with some of the iron mesh she was using as a bra peeking beneath, long, shapely legs deliciously folded together and covered by tight, purple stockings, raven-black hair tied up in a high ponytail that fell sharply across her back, zigzag-shaped eyebrows over gleaming purple iris and a face that was gorgeous even when completely devoid of any emotion.

Yeah, needless to say, of all masters, she was the one I never forgot.

Kōsaka Shigure
Ryōzanpaku's Grandmaster
The Prodigy of Swords, Mistress of all Weaponry
Heiress of The Kōsaka-style Weapon Combat Style
Bearer of the Secret of Steel
Level: ???

The most reasonable-sounding, less crazy set of titles of all masters, but that made sense; she was younger than the rest, looking to be in her… early twenties? Lord helps me with all these prodigies in my life.

While I was at it, my eyes slid to the side to look at the last master in the room. Sitting cross-legged against the corner like he's been there the whole time – Maybe he was, who knows with these guys – reading a book that was not quite pornographic but had a cover raunchy enough to be unfit for polite society, was Kenichi's Chinese master. A short, middle-aged man with a long, Doctor Eggman-like mustache, wearing green-colored Chinese clothes and a wide brimming hat.

Ma Jianxing
Ryōzanpaku's Grandmaster
The Master of All Chinese Kenpō
Supreme Leader of the Crimson Phoenix Alliance
Kensei The Slick
Mountain Climber, Heaven Piercer
Fearless Gentlemanly Pervert
Level: ???

… I knew I should ask him where the heck Shampoo is and what he has done with her, but at that point, I was too numb to.

I dropped my head low and let out a long breath. Right, games, of course, how foolish of me to think this universe will keep to only anime, suck it up and move on.

Yeah, sounds like a plan.

"Okay!" I snapped my head back up, facing the rest. There were a few almost flinches seeing me raise my voice after timidly sitting there for all this time. "Let me tell you what I'm getting from this whole kid theater." I raised my hands and started pointing before the frowning ones could throw a fit. "Ragnarok did something big, presumably early today, and you all got your asses kicked because of it. Also, you all were part of the gang before this event happened, and now you aren't, except Spunky Heroine A over there who probably got her ass kicked during her righteous raid of justice or something. Included among you was that Kenichi guy, who was beaten particularly bad and stood on the edge of death or permanent crippling, that set off miss Blonde and Furious to go on a roaring rampage of revenge against every delinquent she could find, till she met us, and we stopped her." Better to rub that fact for a bit, as we're the newcomers. Establish dominance and whatnot "Have I missed something in my assessment?"

Thankfully the martial artist masters continued to be blaze about the brutal defeat of their… housemate? Charge? Babysitter? So, the revelation had the appropriate impact with no master threat or interruption. They've all seen the state Miu was in, but having a vocal confirmation has another story.

"Eh, wrong. Ukita and I left Ragnarok days ago." Of course, the smartass boxer chose that time to snark.

I ignored him, too busy looking at the Kisara. My experience with Redhaired tomboys told me that we were close to an outburst, and the shift in her expression only confirms it.

"What did you call me!?" Right, there was another tomboy in the room. "That's right, how dare you do that to Miu-chan!? That was too far!" The Street Fighter character- Sakura, got to get over that shit - snarled at us.

"Pipe down, Heroine A," Ranma said from beside me, apparently getting back to the talk once I was out of my short funk. "The blonde wasn't someone we could hold back against."

"What I don't understand," I said firmly, getting back the reins of the conversation. "Is what the hell this has to do with us? Why are we here? Why did you insist we come, Kōetsuji-san?" I said to the master hiding behind the sliding door.

The Karate master, Sakaki, who was leaning against the wall next to it, barked another laughter and took a swing of the beer he had in his hand. "HAH! Kid ruined your dramatic entrance, Akisame."

The door slid open once again, this time to its totality, letting the bright lights of the room bathing the area outside. In the Tendo's place, this is where the iconic garden and pond were located, but Ryōzanpaku was more barren, consequence of multiple martial artists utilizing all the available space to train, no doubt.

"Ara? I remember someone saying they would act respectfully in front of the guests." The blind master commented as he walked past to enter the room, making Sasaki choke on his drink. Behind him came a Miu and the limping Kenichi, Apachai was also accompanying them close by, looking ready to act in case one of them stumbled.

I winced internally seeing the number of bandages on Miu and her arm in a sling. It occurred to me that this was the first time I went all out on another person, that is, full no holds barred, nothing held back, I didn't even think at the time just went with my instincts. Seeing the result of it really drove it home that my way of fighting, the fighting style I ultimately fall back to was… well, it's pretty fucking lethal.

Too much time fighting monsters I suppose. I couldn't help but feel a little guilty.

Still, I kept the feeling off my face even as the girl stepped toward us. Like usual for martial artists of her caliber, she showed no sign that her injuries were affecting her, even as she bent down and lowered herself.

"I'm sorry for attacking you like that, I was acting out in anger and not thinking, it was wrong of me."

Well, at least she apologized!

But seriously, this display here was pretty significant. She could have pulled us aside or done it on another occasion, citing the importance of whatever this meeting is as a recuse to save face, instead, she did it in the open, in front of all the masters and the guests, taking full responsibility for her action and placing herself as the offending party, tacitly declaring the retaliation, in this case, her injuries, as just.

… Though I suspect the full scope of her act was lost to most in the room, Japanese courtesies aren't easy to understand, even to other Japanese people.

"I won't accept this!" Ah, well, I guess it was inevitable Shirahama Kenichi would react like that.

Watching him up close was… strange. Like I said before, he was like a mummy, most of his body was covered by bandages and gauzes and he absolutely reek with the combined fragrance of multiple herbal concoctions and other weird medicines, but… nothing about him seems to justify Miu's berserk mode. Like, I could understand if he was lying on a hospital bed hooked to a machine and fighting for his life, but he was here now, walking and talking, weak, yes, but already awake after a terrible event that apparently happened early today.

"Why does Miu-san have to prostrate herself after she came back in that state!? All those injuries, the blood, I don't care who started it, it clearly went beyond mere martial arts!" His legs wobbled a bit in reacting to his agitation. I suppose you gotta give some respect to the guy if he was willing to stand his ground in his current state.

Still, I kept my face under a mask as I watched the blonde girl look back at the injured boy and whisper his name.

"… I accepted your apology, Fūrinji-san." Only then, I regarded the protagonist. "Funny, we were just talking about that, my friend here put it the best."

Rather than repeat his early statement about Miu, Ranma waved his hand at the guy, a genuine grin on his face.

"Osu! Kenichi, right? Man, 'been a while." He reached back and dropped his hand on the top of the head of the peculiar human being at his side, who had tried to slip away once the martial artist's attention was somewhere else. "Niijima here told me the gist of what's happenin'." He rubbed Niijima's head like a dog's causing the boy to let out a strangled sound and start trembling all over. "So you're learnin' the art? That's awesome!"

Kenichi, for a lack of a better word, froze at the sight of the pigtailed martial artist, all the blood draining from his half-bandaged face.

… Now, I know Ranma, heck, we been through enough shit together that I can say I know him pretty damn well, so for me, as weird as it was, I could see he meant no malice by the act, in fact, it looked like an innocuous habit he developed mostly because no one ever called him out on it. But seeing these reactions and putting two and two together.

Ranma, buddy, my friend, occasional pain in my ass… Did you unknowingly bully these two in middle school!?

With a noise like a balloon emptying that culminated into a loud "GEH!" Kenichi's head snapped back as if he was animated by studio Shaft, and he collapsed in Apachai's arms, who, for his part, dramatically screamed the boy's name with tears in his eyes.

Unlike last time, this caused a ripple of loud reactions, including facepalms on some of the masters.

Second time the guy passed out when confronting us.

Please Lord, don't make this into a gag.

-0-0-0-​

There was one more person introduced to this mess, a person that had quietly slipped into the room after Kenichi and tried to stay inconspicuous by the corner while master Kōetsuji gathered everyone around the table and made proper introductions. Perhaps if he was wearing anything other than a three-piece suit he would've succeeded, the 'young salarymen' look he had was tailor-made to fade into the background, but amidst a room full of anime characters, he stood out like a sore thumb.

Currently, the man was sitting by the table fidgeting under my continuous gaze, I briefly considered adding an "jiiiiiiiii" to it but decided that would be too much.

Amakasu Touma
History Compilation Committee Employee.
Level: 14

… I'm fairly sure he's the same guy that appeared in the Campione anime - add ten years to the man and grow his hair out and he would fit the bill perfectly - but still, History Compilation Committee, Campione. Like Street Fighter, it's not something I was expecting to find while getting into Kenichi.

It also meant Shiori was involved in this too.

Before I could dwell on this, Kōetsuji cleaned his throat.

"I'll start by giving an overview of the situation for the benefit of those not in the know." Meaning us, and by the grumblings of the most hotheaded members of the youngster party, they knew it too. "A great fight involving Ragnarok, a juvenile gang that I'm sure you're all familiar with, and several other gangs broke out yesterday evening going to the earliest hours of this morning, during this fight Ragnarok revealed their apparent trump card in the form of inhuman monsters."

"Excuse me?" I murmured, slowly processing the words that were spoken a bit too casually.

"Fuck!" The redhead, Kisara, suddenly braked. "You gonna come out and saying just like that, not try to convince us there was some gas leak that made us see things or whatever?"

"No, young lady that would be counterproductive." The blind master spoke, and the girl mouthed 'young lady' like she couldn't believe what she was hearing it. "You saw it with your own eyes and felt their abilities on your body, there is no use keeping the truth from you now."

"H-Hold on!" The was Haruka the first one from my group that spoke. "Monsters? What are you- What exactly happened!?"

The big sumo guy with the thunder god namesake was the one who answered.

"We were to make a final push against Karasu and their allies, but before the fight, Odin introduced a new member to the Fists—"

"Bitch!" Kisara cursed.

"It made sense at the time, we were two members short, so no one questioned her presence…" At Kisara's growl, he added. "Too much. She never told us her name, only her title of 'Frigg'."

"A bimbo who hung on Odin's arm the whole time. I knew she wasn't a fighter!" Now the big guy was starting to look annoyed by the interruptions.

"As I was saying. During the battle, rather than jumping into the fray, Odin held us back, he said we were to witness the new age of Ragnarok. And then Frigg released her monsters."

"Like, a monster cow or a tiger?" Even Ranma saw where this was going. I preemptively pinched the bridge of my nose.

"Not that, specifically, no. They looked like monstrous women and they had… abilities, flying, controlling plants, breathing fire, manipulating crystals." The guy gulped. "It was an unbelievable sight."

"You're leaving the best part." Kisara cut in again, her voice dripping with sarcasm, "Those things, the 'invincible army' Odin was babbling about, they use our guys as fuel, our own men! The bitch had to suck them dry or something to summon the things." She barked out a laughter, this time it had an unhinged tingle to it, "Shit, shit! Real monsters! And some kind of energy-sucking evil witch to summon them! I was there for a fight!" Shiratori Kaoru put her hand on Kisara's shoulders in an effort to calm her.

A grim silence hung in the air as the redhead fought against her emotions.

"We got there. Hum..." Miu spoke up, maybe in an attempt to shift the attention away from Kisara. The blonde glanced at Kasugano Sakura who was sitting at her side with a solemn look. "… Ragnarok's leadership would be all in one place, so it was an opportunity to take them on, going on the offensive for the first time. But then the monsters appeared, everything became so chaotic and… and Kenichi…" It was the girl's turn to fall into silence.

"Riiight," I breathe out, raising my face from my hand, and looking at the ex-Ragnarok once again. "And you, can I assume you said fuck that to the monsters and that is why you're injured and here now."

"It wasn't right." The big guy shook his head, his muscles visibly tensing. "I wanted to show the world the greatness of combat sumo, prove its strength once and for all. Not… be part of whatever that was."

"To hell with them all," Kisara growled. "I didn't sign up for some world domination demon lord crap."

The sunglasses guy, Ukita, suddenly let out a rueful laugh, "Didn't help much, we could do nothing against them. If… if they hadn't shown up." He glanced at the masters, everyone did. The gleaming in their eyes said it all; Ryōzanpaku residents had made an impression.

Kōetsuji cleaned his throat once again, taking back the lead of the discussion.

"Now that you are all caught up, we can get to the crux of the matter. Amakasu-san?"

The Committee guy jolted a bit on his seat at the mention of his name. "H-Hai." He coughed against his fist and regarded his audience. "My name is Amakasu Touma, I'm a member of the History Compilation Committee, a government organization tasked with dealing with situations such as this, hum, the monsters that you fought are known as 'Cardians' and the individual that you've referred is most likely their leader."

I closed my eyes.

Cardians and the Cardians leader, their source. A subject I stopped proactively pursuing two weeks ago, turning my effort in fortifying Nerima against general supernatural threats, including Cardian if any pop off, a subject I left on Shiori's hand.

Deep breaths. They have made progress, they must have, they even know the proper name now, the fact that the Cardian leader joined up with Ragnarok like some kind of cheap Saturday morning cartoon villain team-up is not their fault.

I opened my eyes once again, leaning hard on my Poker Face skill, and found the guy nervously looking at me.

"Ō-Ōe-san here has some experience dealing with them. Their first recorded appearance was in Nerima."

That caused some muttering; mostly exclamation of 'What?', and one 'Hum so that's why they're here.'

Singling me out like that isn't doing any good for my patience, buddy.

"About the introduction to the Cardians to ranks of the delinquent gang Ragnarok, w-well…" The guy faltered, so Kōetsuji took over.

"Normally, something as single and mundane as a juvenile gang war would have been left in your hands. We all must have our adventures and adversities; it would be unbecoming of masters to get involved in such matters and deny you saplings the opportunity to grow. However, the situation has changed now that forces beyond human are involved, it now requires direct intervention from us." Thunderous and serious expressions appear among the delinquents, it was clear how they took this news. "… is what I wish I could say."

Crack!

Everybody in the room turned to look in the direction of the noise.

"… My apologies," I said in a formal tone, yanking my finger from the wooden crack in the spot I've been tapping. "I'll foot the bill for a new table. Please continue sir, I'm sure you have good reasons for your inaction."

The master's pale eyes regarded me for a moment.

"… There is an organization sponsoring Ragnarok, and they made their intentions clear after the attack. They officially offered their full support to Ragnarok's endeavors, so if we take action against them, we'd be starting a war against their sponsor."

There was more murmuring among the ex-Ragnarok crowd, their attention shifting toward the ex-members of the Eight Fists, but they looked to be as clueless as the rest.

I didn't particularly care about that.

"So what?" Breathe, I tried to breathe, goddamn I needed to be objective about this, but damn it was hard. "There's a freaking gang using monsters as shock troopers. Have you seen the aftermath of a Cardian attack before? Have you seen how many people they could have hurt, how many they have hurt!" I struggled to keep my voice down. "You're telling me you can do nothing?!"

The Japanese part of my brain registered that I was being too daring and rude to a near-suicidal level, mouthing off martial artist masters who I was meeting for the very first time, that part was a little bitch and it got promptly pushed aside as I glared at them, going from master to master, then to the History Compilation Committee guy; the only one that seems affected by it.

None of them look happy, I could at least tell that much. Ma Jianxing- or Ma Kensei as he was called by the Japanese speakers, was gripping the edges of his book so hard the hardcover was crinkling, Apachai Hopachai was sunk into himself as much as the immense man could with a deep shadow cast over his features, Kōsaka Shigure was hard to tell due to her unmoving deadpan, more there was a sharp edge around her like you would get cut by the air alone if you get close, Sakaki Shio was visibly fuming, griddling his teeth together in an effort to contain a colorful rant I had no doubt already would have been in full swing if it wasn't for the presence of first-time guests, Kōetsuji Akisame was the one that hid the best, probably leaning on being the leading role of this meeting and having to maintain an air of control. An interesting tidbit I noticed, is that this animosity wasn't directed at me, in fact, some of it was direct at the Committee representative, which only made the guy tremble harder.

That made me calm down a bit, my stupidly emotional teenager brain realizing there was more to this that they weren't divulging.

"In all related cases involving Cardians until now, there's been no deaths. None," Kōetsuji explained in a tight voice, "If this war start, there will be, a great number of it."

"It's not like we're being pushed around or anything!" Sakaki Shio finally had enough of staying quiet. "We're as much as a deterrent to them as they are to us, hell, that's the only reason this Ragnarok gang still exists and Ya- Those guys, hadn't absorbed the monster maker into their rank." He grumbled a sound that was like an angry bear doing the same.

"The current situation is that if nobody intervenes and the attacks do not escalate, there will be no need for intervention," Kōetsuji explained.

Besides me Ranma tsked. "So, the bastards can keep doin' whatever they want."

No deaths, if they keep it that way, Ragnarok can continue to use Cardians in their operations, and they just so happen to have some kind of patron or master or whatever, that the higher authorities, heck even the government, are hesitant to get into conflict with.

What a fucking joke. No deaths. Like this is everything you need to worry about in a Cardian attack, like feral Minon didn't put dozen of priests and mikos to the hospital and condemn some to months of physical therapy, like the rampage of feral Falion didn't cost thousand in property damage for people that had nothing to do with it, like Kodachi's teammates didn't frequently need to be checked in with anemia symptoms and constant lack of stamina even weeks after being 'drained'.

More info I had gathered during the time I was actively looking into it flashed in my head. I always hated that tired trope of a character taking full responsibilities for suffering that it objectively wasn't their fault, but I now got it, emotionally I got it, to say there wasn't a large part of me that was pointing at all of this and telling me I dropped the ball, that I let all of this happen, would be a fat lie.

"That's not… enough." A ragged voice spoke up, the attention drifted to the side of the table, where we had laid Kenichi.

His fingers appeared in my field of vision, gripping the table, and using it to haul himself to a sitting position. Whatever was allowing the guy to stand around and talk in his current state was clearly running out, to the visible concern of Miu at his side. "Master, masters, we have… to stop them. We can't let them get away with it, not this."

At this, Kōetsuji sighed, it was the first break in his stance since he took position at the edge of the table. To my surprise that sigh did not sound resigned. "Ah yes, of course, what do you think this is Kenichi-kun? We won't take something like that laying down."

The sudden drop in the formality caused a curious ripple across the room, I even notice some people starting to breathe again. That made me blink, when did that happen?

An exhalation of air had me glancing at my side, Haruka was taking some deep breaths, her hand on her chest, with a bit of sweat across her brow.

"Don't say anything. I'm ok." She said when she caught me looking.

I surely missed something there, but I directed my attention back to the masters, they were finally speaking sense.

"Just because we can't personally step in to stop them, doesn't mean you can't, doesn't mean you all can't." His blind eyes swept the room. "This is the reason for this reunion. While you're all here in one place."

Then, he did something I saw it coming yet somehow it was still unbelievable. He bowed.

It wasn't a deep bow, it was more respectful, the kind used to convey respect between equals, but to be used by a master martial artist towards a group of delinquent punks, it has tremendous significance.

"Please, distinguished youngsters of this generation, fight them in our stead."

Ah hell…

There was no way we could refuse.

This was the general feeling in the air and the theme of the general responses, after the moment of shock, where the others started waging their opinions in. I let that all wash over me, focusing on my group. We were a bit isolated.

"So?" I quietly threw the question in the air.

"I'm in," Ranma said immediately, his tone indicating I was an idiot for even asking. "It's not fair that only you get to fight these monsters."

"We have to talk to the others," Haruka said. "But this is what we were preparing for. And we would be fighting with Ragnarok one way or another, nothing changed." I could practically hear her smile.

Pretty much what I was expecting.

Also as expected, Ranma started to give 'constructive criticism.' "But these guys suck, I don't think they'd be of any help."

It's amazing how words like these can cut through the many conversations happening at the same time.

Great, one more thing to drive a wedge between us.

"Hãh?! Care you repeat that, you wannabe two-bit Chinese actor!" Kisara, predictively, was the first one to react, and, okay, never seem someone insult Ranma's fashion sense before, if anything she was creative.

"I said you're weak, cuttin' board. You're deaf or somethin'!?" Ouch, right at the throat, she actually hit a nerve with her previous comment, who would have thought?

It was like watching a plutonium core go nuclear, her face grew scarlet, her muscles tensed, and the ones on her legs actually bulged a bit. But if I caught that, Ranma definitely caught that, so her following attack will be—

"Mah, we did get our asses thoroughly kicked back then, so you might be on to something!" Ikki let out a burst of loud laughter all causal and slacker-like like he wasn't just trying to defuse the conflict before it started.

"You shut up traitor, I didn't lose back there!" Kisara barked at him, the energy of her intended attack dispersing.

"Well, technically nobody did, we were interrupted."

If there was any doubt the previous formality of the meeting wasn't coming back, Sasaki slapped his feet on the table, letting out a loud bellowing laughter.

"HAHAHA! What the boy says is true!" Way to undermine the boxer's efforts. "You guys aren't ready to face those things, not at your current level. But don't worry." His grin turned ferocious. "We can help you with that!"

Now that is interesting, did the guy just imply that… what's that malicious wave?

It was like every shadow in the room grew deeper and darker, artificial illumination nearly fading into the background, giving room only to an ominous silver glow that came from the full moon above. Suddenly, every master was a burry shape against the canvas of the world, most were chucking, and, and there were freaking shafts of light erupting from their eyes.

W-what the fuck!?

"GYAH!!"

Everything snapped back to normal as Ranma's cry suddenly echoed across the room, the girly tone was something I rarely heard from him outside his girl form. When I turned to look, I saw my friend being shaken like a toy by the Thai giant. Again.

"Pigtail friend is already strong enough!" Apachai declared with an expression of silly jubilancy on his rugged face.

"Let me go, Apa!"

Kisara burst out laughing.

She wasn't the only one.

I didn't, of course not, I was the picture of seriousness, any accusation of the contrary is dirty slander.

Anime chaos clearly took over the room at that point, so an alien wearing a cape jumped onto the table.

"YES! YES! THIS IS IT!" Niijima, the guy that a second ago was acting timid and demure was now loudly barking a laughter that had his overly long tongue flopping out of his mouth. "Our biggest defeat turns into our biggest victory, a chance of a glorious comeback! Do you see now, Kenichi!? IT WAS ALL ACCORDING TO PLAN!!" The protagonist in question was long since fallen unconscious at Miu's lap, but the guy didn't let that stop him. "Let me present to you the new subordinates of the Shinpaku Alliance! The rising stars of the delinquent world!!" He dramatically threw his arm toward us.

"The Cool Beauty, Tenou Haruka!" The title being in English didn't prevent my kohai from blushing and stammering a "B-Beauty, me!?"

"The Red Beast, Saotome Ranma!" In the background, they could see Ranma use a complicated series of kicks to get out of Apachai's grip and roll away.

"And finally, the Dandy Bat, Ōe Hiroshi! With their strength and the training from the super strong Yokai masters, we will be invincible!!" He threw his head up, arched his back, and started laughing once again, with his bizarre appearance and billowing cape he looks like a picture of a final villain getting what he wanted.

Guy, knew about us, neat.

I stood up, shook my legs a bit to help with circulation, and then cracked my knuckles.

And then I looked at the cackling alien who just made some crazy declarations.

Well then.

Horrifying sounds filled the room. An overly girly scream bounced across the walls. Several variations of surprised "OOHH!", "AAHH" and "OH SHIT!" were thrown out. The masters raised their eyebrows. Kōetsuji in clear professional appreciation.

"Sorry about that," I said, rubbing my hands after a work well done. After a moment I decided to take out my bat from my 'sleeve' for effect. The girly screams and shrieks under me going completely ignored. "We hadn't been properly introduced, I'm Ōe Hiroshi, these are my friends Tenou Haruka and Saotome Ranma, and we are from the Nerima Wrecking Crew gang from the Nerima Ward. Master Kōetsuji brought us here tonight because he believes our experience fighting monsters might assist you in the upcoming fight, and he is correct, of course. We will be happy to join forces with you… but we are nobody's subordinate, this will be a partnership between equals, or it will not be anything at all. That said." I bowed, "It's a pleasure to meet you all."

"Y-You tied his limbs in a fisherman's knot!" The Chiaki Yūma stuttered with pure disbelieve in his voice.

"H-Him acting all polite like that make it worse." Shiratori Kaoru commented in the same tone.

Ranma wasn't the only one who learned something from Tofu's books. Chiropractic in anime world is such a fun subject.

Shortly after that, the takeout food arrived, so a group of tired, injured teenagers had something to focus their undivided attention on. You can safely say the meeting was done by that point.

But things aren't over, some details needed to be ironed out, training, exchange of information, the stuff with the History Compilation Committee and the Temple, plus… there was one master in Ryōzanpaku who didn't show up, the super old guy said to be the strongest of them all; Miu's grandfather. He didn't appear, not even once, not even with his granddaughter injured like that – now that I think about it, while the rest of the masters did not react to Miu's injuries, I did not want to be here to find out if it was going to be the same with him – I wonder where he was.

Oh, and at some point, Kōsaka Shigure started to watch me like a freaking hawk and did not relent the entire time, even when I turn to directly face her. She just kept looking.

Do I have some hot ninja woman catnip or something? I mean, ultra-strong girls checking me out was always nice, but I could not figure out her deal. It was a bit creepy to be honest.

-0-0-0-​

"Practe bigi nar."

Mana surged in accordance with my will, thrumming to awareness from the gentle circulation of before.

"Tui gratia Iovis gratia sit."

The energy bobbed and wavered at the words, it twisted into patterns and frequencies that went beyond me no matter my attempts to make sense of it. It traveled up my arm, accumulating in my hand and making my fingers tingle.

"Cura!"

Soft, healing light erupted from my palm, creating a shaft of brightness that stood up against the night as it illuminated Ranma's bandaged arm, where his worst fractures lay.

He grunted at the contact. I prefer the sound he makes when I do this to his female form.

Healing spell, the most basic one Lucretia knew, quite shitty according to her, still, it quickly became one of the most, if not the most important spell in my arsenal, with the number of times Haruka and the guys got injured, you can bet it saw frequent use.

Some still prefer Falion's healing pets which had about the same effectiveness but couldn't be targeted in a specific area, because the appeal of petting a catgirl while she let out cute noises is universal. Ranma wasn't one of them for obvious reasons.

I briefly considered using it on Miu before we left. The girl was sweet as honey even if awkwardly stiff and trying to make up for what she did a little too hard. But still... She did almost kill Haruka. I knew that by the crazy logic of the martial artists she wasn't in the wrong; Haruka had jumped in the middle of the battle right when the conflict was hot, with clear aggression against Miu, who was being pressured by both me and Ranma at the time, getting hurt on those circumstances was more than a real possibility.

That's why the masters largely didn't raise a fuss about the blonde's state. She wasn't dead or critically hurt, so as far as they're concerned this was just the end result of a normal fight, nothing to whine about.

Me? I actually leaning toward agreeing with them… But I'm feeling remarkably petty today, must be the blows to the head.

"So, what's your story with Thai Hulk?" I asked Ranma conversationally.

He gave me a confused look. "Who?"

"It's an american comic book character." Explained my kohai of culture, her form lit by the lights of the vending machines she was buying drinks from. "He means Apachai-san. Where did you meet him?"

We'd stop one of those 'Vending machine islands' not even fifteen minutes from the Dojo. These things exist all over Tokyo, they're basically one or two machines, one bench or related place to sit, and one trash can positioned side by side, a little pitstop that tired salarymen can use between their busy schedule.

The martial artist rolled his eyes, "If you're expectin' a long and complicated story, you'll be disappointed. Met the guy in Nagano 'bout a year or so ago. We entered the same tournament, but got sidetracked by some eco-terrorist or somethin', ended up havin' to save the daughter of the tournament organizer and fight some goons under the command of a clown serial killer guy." Boy, that sure sounded long and complicated. "He stuck around me and pops for some time after it."

Ranma tested the motion of his arm and hand before ripping the bandages off, he then raised it up to give me access to his ribs. I chanted the spell and cast Cura once again.

"Everything I know about Muay Thai comes from the guy." He continued after a moment of silence. "He's insane, but he knows his stuff... They all know their stuff."

I hummed. "So, you noticed their levels." In truth, I didn't notice what Ranma probably did, I was going off by the manga.

"Yeah." He croaked, "... They're crazy strong. Pops can't even compare."

"This is serious, isn't it?" We both glanced at Haruka, she was leaning against the vending machine, playing with her soft drink while wearing a pensive look. "Now that something like that tiger monster is involved, it's not just a ...delinquent fight anymore." She laughed a bit. "Got a bit carried away at the moment but now that I'm thinking about it…"

"Makes no difference," I spoke. "You can handle yourself."

"Like I did today?" She bit her lips, "Sorry it's just."

I don't think she realized the extent of the danger she put herself into, but she was sharp enough to realize that she had put herself in danger.

Ranma pulled away from the healing. He got to his feet, leaning forwards and then arching his back, testing out his torso. "Don't fret 'bout it." He said. "Tendo-ossan still puttin' you through physical conditionin', right? And you're getting' experience from Hiroshi's barrier. Focus on that, pull yourself together, and do everything you're doing harder." He slid his hands into his pockets and shrugged. "Yer already better than most."

Haruka gave him a long look, then she smiled. "That's a very... Ranma-like answer."

"Heh! those are the best kind of answers." He grinned. And I turn my head to the side and put my fist to my mouth, letting out a deliberate cough. "Oh, shut up!"

The short exchange made Haruka let out one of her rare giggles. "Let's just go home, I'm exhausted."

I sighed. "Yeah, that would be nice."

Haruka noticed my tone of voice and cocked her head. "What?"

"Somethin's comin'," Ranma explained turning to look in the direction of the interloper.

Feet hitting tiles, wood, and asphalt. It started faint, at the distance, but now it was quickly growing into a crescendo. A dark shape crossed the night sky, flipping midair before landing before us in a not-quite superhero pose.

Toned frame, short hair, sculptured leg stretching to the side, school uniform with puffy shoulder and revealing midriff.

Kasugano Sakura has blocked our path.

I wanted to sigh, let my shoulder slump, maybe rub some tiredness off my neck. But instead, I did the opposite, raising my guard and putting my gameface back on. I stepped toward the street fighter, putting myself between her and my group.

"What do you want?"

The girl didn't answer immediately, she just kept watching us with an odd look.

I narrowed my eyes, trying to work out the reasons for her being here. The most obvious one would be to take down the suspicious delinquents that appeared and started to ingratiate themselves into her group but... looking back.

She had mellowed out from the angry, hotheaded state we first saw her in over the course of the meeting, becoming more reserved and even, dare I say, demure by the end. She didn't mingle much at dinner, also…

"Are you alright?" My mouth acted before my brain could catch up. God damn it, I can feel your looks directed at the back of my head Ranma and Haruka, stop that before I stumble and ruin my image!!

The girl appeared to flinch at my question, a faint blush appeared on her own cheek. But before I could make any reasonable and justifiable assumptions, she practically hopped to her feet and pointed. "You're doing that again!"

"What!?"

Can this girl make any less sense?

"That!" It was like energy was slowly drained from her; she grew quieter again. "That... Thinking of others and stuff."

"Excuse me?"

Her expression closed off; I saw her gaze lowering to the ground. Her lips and tight fists tremble in what appeared to be anger, but I got a feeling it wasn't directed towards me.

"Back then, the first thing you did was think about the injured, you're the only one… we were all more focused on stopping them, on winning, on… I was…" She took in a long breath. "When Ragnarok first showed up, I was happy for the chance to fight strong opponents… but then Kei-chan got hurt and I… it… It was me, I was the reason everyone got hurt, why Kenichi was like that, they were following after me!"

My eyebrows were near my gelled hairline at that point. I didn't know what to expect from Kusanago Sakura, but a rambling emotional meltdown was among the last things.

"Look, I don't know what happened, but it seems to me that the blame falls squarely on Ragnarok and their new pet monsters."

"You don't get it! You're a delinquent but the Alien said-" I politely ignored the way she quickly wiped her eyes. "How do you act the way you do!?"

I blinked slowly at her. She was clearly too emotional to make sense or construct clear sentences. "Boy, that's a hell of a thing to ask from someone you just met."

She had the grace of stammer at that. "J-Just answer me!"

This would be better if I had a more concrete idea of what her video game counterpart was like, at least it would give me a base for her person. I knew more about Street Fighter than I did Kenichi, but it wasn't much, I'm pretty sure there isn't much, just the usual fighting game flare of multiple martial artists, secret organizations, odd shadowy military, and other odd angles the developers take to cram in as many weird and colorful fighters as they could. I only know Sakura as a high school girl who likes fighting.

Without any point of reference, I was left with only one option; complete and naked honestly.

"I just go with my instincts."

"… What?"

"You heard me. I just do what I want and what feels right, it's been working out well enough."

I shifted uncomfortably under the girl's look. It was an unsatisfying answer, I know, but it is what it is. I have no clue where this idea that I was a complicated guy popped off, I dressed like a delinquent and waved a baseball bat around for Christ's sake! You can't get simpler than me.

But yeah, replaying my words in my mind it did sound a bit too unintelligent, I opened my mouth to add more but Sakura beat me to it. The girl raised her fist up in my direction.

"F-Fight me!"

The gears in my brain shifted and this time I frowned.

"Heck no! You're hurt!" And she was; there were bandages on her left leg and right arm – the one on the leg one looking a bit red from a reopened wound – and a stiffness in her posture that she tried to hide. "Also, it's late, I wanna go home and go to bed."

I could see the color on her cheeks even under the low light. "I don't mean now! I will… I will go to Nerima and fight you there! Yeah!"

From emotional rant to fight challenges, this girl's really doing a lot to prove she works by shounen… no… she worked by fighting game logic.

Dear lord.

Fuck it, at least she's being considerate.

"Deal, you come to Nerima, and I'll fight you. But after this Ragnarok business, and after you healed up."

"Got it!"

"It's a date."

Something like the halfway point between a shriek and a strangled scream erupted from Sakura's throat.

"It's not a date! It's a fight! A fight! No dates!"

"I know, I mean it's scheduled."

"The fight!"

I nodded. "The fight."

"Right, h-hm, right, until then!"

"See you."

Kasugano Sakura, her face bright enough to be categorized as its own light source, stood around for a couple of seconds not knowing what to do next. Then her brain caught up and with a half-panicked look, she leaped sidewards towards the nearest rooftop in a move I could only describe as 'scandalous' due to the size of her skirt. I heard her following "ouch!" As she stumbled on her landing but soon she was leaping again, braving the residential labyrinth that was the general area around Ryōzanpaku Dojo.

"… I shall not be turning around to regard your smug looks; I am above that." I declared to my friends behind me.

"Congratulations on attracting a female delinquent this time around, sempai." Haruka quipped and Ranma loudly snorted next to her. The bastards.

Hiroshi will remember that.

I'd like to say, we all picked ourselves up and went home after that, I really did. But no, about half of the way back to Nerima Ward I noticed we were being followed.

At this point, I didn't want to needlessly bother the others right when we were at the very last stretch of the way to our much-awaited beds. So I kept silent and decided to wait until the stop where we all went our separate ways. If they follow after Haruka or Ranma – Now that I think about it, Ranma probably noticed too… but he wasn't acting as he did, so he might not have? – I'd bring it to their attention. But if they followed after me, I'd deal with it myself. There is a good possibility this was nothing anyway; Sasuke trails after us from time to time too.

In Nerima proper, we stopped, said our thanks and goodbyes, and walked away.

They followed after me, which made me relax a bit. I was the one with the best chance to escape if it was something truly dangerous. Discreetly, I took out my 'panic button' from my storage and hid it within my hand, all while I braced myself for an emergency Id creating.

Then I stopped in the middle of the desert but well-illuminated street. Time to face the music.

"You can come out now," I said to the empty night.

There was a long moment where nothing happened. Then, like Sakura before, a figure leaped from the rooftops and landed behind me.

No attacks, no clear hostility, good sign. I turned around to meet—

Lustrous purple-blue hair, curvy body clad in colorful silk, pretty, exotic features. Holy fucking shit, I completely forgot about Shampoo!

"Err, hi," I said awkwardly, then reminded myself. "Oh, right. Greetings."

The Amazon scrunched her pretty nose over my rudimentary Chinese once again. But she didn't attack, so it was something.

No fighting, no fighting, for the love of god; no fighting! The mantra rang in my head as I cleared my throat and placed my bets on healthy communication tactics. Don't fall me now charisma stat!

"Greetings," I repeated in a more palatable manner, I had to pronounce a bit slower and more carefully to achieve it. "I thought you'd be staying at the Dojo."

"YĪGÈ GUĀNGRÓNG DE YÀMǍXÙN ZHÀNSHÌ YǑNGYUǍN BÙ HUÌ XIÀNG MǍ JIANXĪNG NÀYÀNG SHUÌ ZÀI DÀLÓU LǏ!!"

Woah, ok, that was a loud, lengthy sentence and I understood none of it. Her sudden shouting and aura of hostility – Battle Aura? – Made me tense and I shift my footing in a way she would recognize as the beginning of a battle stance. I wanted to avoid fighting at any cost, but it did not mean I was going to let myself be pushed around. You need to establish respect when dealing with martial artists, that goes double for Shampoo who came from an active warrior culture.

Oddly enough, that seemed to calm Shampoo down a bit…Then it struck me why. Warrior culture; fighting is familiar, modern Japanese social norms are not. Girl's been stuck in a land where even people's body language is alien to her.

"I did not understand that."

She took a long breath. "I said, I will not sleep under the same roof as Mǎ Jiànxīng."

"Oh… his organization and your group— Tribe, are rivals?"

"Mortal enemies. His family is vile. Especially his brother, he is Shìjiè dírén."

Didn't catch the last part, no, it was more than that, I'm pretty sure it was some kind of obscure or regional expression.

"I'm not familiar with that last word."

She gracefully shifted her weight as she tried to explain. "Shìjiè dírén, unthinking killer, demon in man-flesh, Bad, bad man."

"Got the idea."

I also shifted around together with her, making our stances look less like we were waiting for the first attack and more like… err… 'I can hurt you, you can hurt me, but we both decided not to hurt each other right now because it'd be unproductive.'

Christ, I still wonder how in the ever-loving fuck I'm even able to get shit like that sometime. I was not this perceptive during my first life.

But whatever, I got to focus on the present, on my first real conversation with Shampoo, and not that slapdash interrogation we had before. Speaking of which.

"I apologize, for before. I mean." I indicated my limbs.

Her crimson eyes flashed with anger so abrupt I wanted to slap myself for bringing that up. But it subsided as quickly as it came.

"This time I forgive." She said, finally.

"Right."

Another beat of silence stretched before Shampoo broke it.

"Ranma… Ranma's stronger, much stronger. New master?"

I shook my head.

"More enemies, more challenges. Trials."

"Trials. I see."

The silence descended between us once again.

I took a long breath. I had stopped feeling like I was crossing a minefield, but it didn't mean I wasn't rapidly running out of safe subjects to talk about. I wracked my brain for something, then, I remember what had started this in the first place, something that had slipped my mind due to the novelty of having a conversation with the amazon.

"Hey, Sha… Shampoo." Almost called her by her Chinese name, which would be a disaster as I wasn't supposed to know it. Shampoo was the name Ranma gave me. "You were following us, following me, err, can I help you with something?"

The amazon frowned, eyes searching my expression. She looked tense, so much so that some points on her face twitched briefly. I gave her time to work out whatever she needed.

"I need you to point me towards the nearest courier post." She finally admitted

I broke down the unfamiliar words in my head.

"I'm… sorry? You need a… courier?... postal office perhaps? Do you need to send a letter?"

"Yes!" She nodded twice at that. She almost smiled, almost. She continued to speak in a fast Chinese that I couldn't catch, but eventually she dumbed down to. "Letter, very important, very urgent."

Oh boy.

"You will need to wait until tomorrow, the postal office is closed, it's too late- Ah," Then I remember what day it was. "No, not tomorrow, two days, does not open on weekend. Sorry."

It took another moment for Shampoo to mull over the meaning. "Oh," she said.

And then her mask slipped.

Let me put this into context. Shampoo has always been portrayed as a pretty direct, emotional, and expressive person in pretty much all of Ranma 1/2 adaptations; when she was happy, she was jubilant, all beaming smiles and giggles, throwing herself at someone – mostly Ranma – for a spinning hug, when she was sad, she was dramatic, droplets of tears freely falling out, maybe a slap, a body turn that make her hair whip around before she hops away for an isolated place to mope, if she was angry, god help you because she turns into Chinese killing machine hyperfocused on her target, The Terminator in the shape of a hot Chinese amazon, only more acrobatic. It didn't take anyone familiar with the series much to tell she was holding a lot back right now, maybe letting only the anger come out.

But at that moment, that short couple of seconds. The dam broke, and the reaction cascaded throughout Shampoo's whole self.

She just looked so… so lost.

And then that moment was over, iron discipline was reinstated. She went from what she was to looking frustrated and annoyed.

"I see. My thanks." She says curtly. Turning around to leave, the hurry making her do the rookie mistake of turning her back against a possible enemy. That's how taimanin falls, I couldn't help but think.

It was then I made my own rookie mistake; I grabbed the arm of a girl highly trained in martial arts.

And that's why the solid ground was robbed from my feet and the world blurred together in a roll of motion. 'React!' my body screamed, just as my brain managed a 'Don't', any counter here would lead to a fight, so I just took the slam like a man and swallowed the pain in my neck and back.

Shampoo was on top of me by the next instant, and not in a fun way. Her legs and hips pinned me down, her hand maintained a steel-like grip on my forearm, her other hand lashed out in a snake-like strike to knock me out.

"Boop."

She froze completely, her face gaining several shades of crossed-eyed hilarity as she went through shock, incredulity, and then shock again as she struggled to comprehend what happened- namely that a finger suddenly pressed her cute little nose like it was a button. Her eyes checked her leg, the spot where my booping arm was supposed to be trapped.

Martial artists like Shampoo or Ranma were utterly unprepared for a move that held no aggression delivered in the heat of the action. It fucks with their heads a little bit. Ranma's face had been just as funny— funnier, as his reactions were a lot more vocal and unhinged.

Though, like with him, I suspect this would only work once.

"Sorry about that," I spoke before the girl could gather her wits. "Unexpected grab from the back, really dumb of me, should have seen that coming."

Shampoo's pretty face scrunched up from hilariously gobsmacked to just plain frustrated. Right, bad Chinese; have to be careful with the pronunciation.

I sighed.

"Look... Do you have a place to stay?"

She understood that at least.

-0-0-0-​

I didn't take Shampoo to my own home of course, even with the moment of empathy, taking her in was just asking for trouble.

Luckily, the NWC's studio had some pretty good lodgings, like, fully equipped with queen-sized beds, air conditioners, and even televisions. The place also had running water, heat, electricity, and a fully stocked kitchen, so she only needed to tolerate the odd aesthetic – including the rooms', seriously what was the point of a set of full mirrors on the ceiling!? – and it would be like she was in a decent hotel.

I just had to wake up early tomorrow and get there before the rest of the crew to avoid an international incident. I made a note of that as I left the amazon and finally went home.

My new home that is. I had finally decided to ditch the apartment, as much as I liked the place it simply wasn't safe anymore, and I was preparing to pay for the move with my own money as what I was doing was technically a breach of the weird family tradition-trial thing. But, apparently 'evil organization of rape demons knowing my face' was good enough of a reason to relocate, tradition or not, so when I called Hayate – who was the overseer of my trial and nobody told me! - to declare my intentions, the bastard already had the location ready to go and was just waiting for the call.

As grating as it was to follow the smug snake's designs, the benefits were too great to refuse.

And that is why I moved to a moderately-sized, western-styled house on a residential street, not exactly close, but not too far away from where my apartment was. The place was, of course, magically warded to hell and back by one of ACROSS's mystically inclined teams, modified to serve as a small fortress if the need arises, and - and that was the best part - had an unground bunker even more fortified and badassingly warded to serve as a last resort panic room. How the fuck ACROSS managed to do all that to what was recently a pretty standard house without anyone noticing I will never know. But hey; magical bunker house.

Rin also informed me that there are three undercover ACROSS agents now living close by to keep an eye on me, which damped some of my enthusiasm but I ultimately decided that you need all the help when you're involved with a Taimanin and Nomad knows about you. Though I declined to know about their names and faces, I watched enough anime to know that if I stick my nose on this too much, I'd wake up one day with a brand new ACROSS agent housemate, or worse, Hayate himself, acting under the pretense of 'protecting me directly'.

Yeah, fuck that with a rusty knife.

The very outer layers of the Wards brushed against me three blocks away from the place. I didn't need to utter a key phase, project my will a certain way, or carry around a talisman or anything like that; the wards automatically let the residents of the house and anymore they invited in automatically, something that was extremely rare according to Rin, but she confessed that her knowledge about wards was limited.

Also, I was the only one able to feel the wards acting for something reason, which apparently wasn't normal.

Like, Rin had put up her own defenses, I couldn't feel those, only the wards put up by ACROSS.

Mysterious ACROSS magic aside, I continued on my way, sinking into the feeling of the wards pulsing softly around me, it usually took a few seconds for me to get used to it and stop noticing. I knew the purpose of this outer ward was less defense and more diversion, it would make any dedicated onlooker not able to tell what exact path I took or which house I entered. They would still see me going it, but their memories of the event would be slightly different. And that was just the first layer, it got progressively nastier the further it went along.

Like I said, too many benefits.

"I'm home." My deep-seated Japanese instincts made speaking the word nearly automatic.

Locking the doors behind me, I threw my shoes at the shoe cabinet and stepped in properly. Then I stopped.

No replies, that never happened before, even in the apartment, where opening the door put you face to face with whoever was inside, I was still greeted back with a smile. And it was dark, too dark, at this time someone should have lit the corridors' light, but instead the only light came from the partially open door of the living room area, where odd noises were echoing from.

Not wanting to drag this suspense, I pushed the doors open.

"KYAHH!... Nooo!... T-to let Aruji-sama see this one in this state… Ah… Ah… T-this shameful one is unfit to be his kunoichi…"

Boy, if there was a list of 'things you never wanna hear coming from the mouth of your taimanin sort-of-girlfriend' that would be among the top.

Thankfully, the cause was much more innocent than the implication. Rin appeared to have been swallowed by an enormous pile that appeared to be composed of every single bed sheet, pillowcase, towel, curtain, and futon in the house and maybe some of the neighbor's, all bound together by improvised ropes and actual ropes into the vague shape of a giant yarn ball. Of course, the kunoichi's entire body was inside it. Also, of course, her head was comically poking out from the side.

And Falion, wearing a new set of pink and fluffy nightwear, was innocently perched on top of it. I gave her an unimpressed look, she nyaned cutely at me in response.

Choking sounds drew my attention to the side, and I saw Minon jumping to her feet from her position on the sofa, dropping the almost empty bag of chips she was munching on to the floor. The large tv behind her playing a magical girl street racing anime.

"MASTER!" She saluted, the action so fast it made her massive chest bounce dangerously, but the custom-made tank top held. That, combined with the pink dolphin shorts that clung to her muscular, yet voluptuous form made her visage… knuckle-bitingly interesting. "I'm sorry master, I didn't hear you come in!" She pointed backward at the show. "Sakimi-chan was just explaining to Travis-chan that she must rise in the Most Wanted List if she wants to face the evil Razor in righteous magical racing. I was too engaged to look away, minon!!" She explained and then opened a big, honest smile. "WELCOME HOME, MASTER!"

"Yeah, I'm back," I repeated before leaving her to her thing and turning back to Falion. "You know that if you keep bullying her, she will bully you back later right."

"Nyan? Bully?" The catgirl tilted her head, pressing a finger beneath her lips. "Nyan, nyan, Falion does not bully, Falion only plays, falion~."

"As if cats know the difference." I stepped close to her, making Shooing motions with my hands. "Now get off, that's enough playing for today."

Still moving like a cat, Falion dove to the floor, hitting the ground near noiselessly. She circled around the room on all fours before hopping on top of a fancy-looking sideboard that came with the house. The spot didn't look like it had space for her to be comfortable on, but she snugged herself there anyway, one creamy leg dangling lazily on the side.

"Aruji-sama, this one has no words to excuse this shameful display," Rin whined pitifully while I worked to disentangle her from this mess.

"It's fine." I quite enjoy anime hijinks such as this, as long as they don't escalate. "You can punish Falion later." Too much.

"Guhhh…" A dejected sign was all her response, before she jolted, the movement making the tied-up pile wave a bit. "A-Ah! Aruji-sama! Bad news! Ragnarok has—"

"Began to use monsters in their ranks, Cardians, the same kind that's been attacking Nerima." I'd sent my kunoichi to poke around in the neighboring wards today, right after the NWC meeting and before we set off to Lucretia. It's good to see it bore fruits.

But… Saying that out loud. It still didn't feel real. Ragnarok, a gang I've been regarding as more of an annoying pest to be dealt with before it caused collateral damage, and the Cardians, real monsters that cause real harm and the mystery of their origins. I just couldn't associate the two in my mind.

"Ahhh…" Rin settle down, funnily enough, the pile she was trapped on almost seem to mush in accordance with her mood. "Of course, Aruji-sama would already know, as expected of Aruji-sama. This one fails on her mission once again."

"It's more like I stumbled on it by pure chance." Yeah, now the I think about it, the events that led me to Ryōzanpaku dojo were more than a bit random. "But it's a relief to know that I would have discovered this information today one way or another. Good work Rin."

"Nooo, this one does not deserve praise! The biggest news she acquired has been proved worthless! Now she only has the list of all the gangs, members, and prominent figures of all the neighboring wards, along with their assets, connections, schools, and the date and place they're planning to have a meeting about a possible delinquent alliance to stand against Ragnarok advance. Uhhh…"

I paused, leaning a bit to the side of the pile to stare at Rin's whimpering face.

Was she fucking with me? Or was she being genuine… no, she truly believes this, pretty sure Rin's incapable to tell a lie when she's in this 'state'.

"Now that is incredible. Good work, Rin, all in one afternoon too. This will help me a lot." I brought my hand underneath her head and sunk my fingers in her long, silky hair. With her face steady and her attention more focused I brought my face down, leaving a chaste but lingering kiss on her wonderfully soft lips.

"K-Kah." I stayed and watched her reaction after I pulled back, of course, it always results in sights that could generate thousands upon thousands of anime memes. This one was no different. Her eyes were wide, her trembling mouth growing wider and wider over her cherry red face while a sound like "AwAwAwAwAwAw—" Echoed from her as her brain fought the swarm of little hearts in its brave attempt to reboot Rin.exe.

I chucked and fully leaned back to where I was. I love cool Rin and her ethereal beauty and aura of tranquility, but I love disaster Rin just as much. She's goddamn adorable.

The disentanglement work didn't last long. I quickly noticed that the layer composed of the bedroom set – futons, sheets, curtains, etc – wasn't as extensive as it first appeared. Most of the bulk came from the actual clothes Rin was wearing - the usual affair of an entire wardrobe on a single person - with cords on each layer, indicating she was already wearing a lot when Falion attacked, explaining how she was taken out in the first place.

One by one I untied the knots, pulled away the ropes, pushed out of the way, or just threw away the clothes. My objective was to leave her with a single set, which would let her retain a more 'standard' level of control over her attitude and klutziness.

It is bad that this is almost therapeutic to me now? There is an odd sort of appeal in undressing a beautiful woman, peeling away layer after layer to reveal the golden, succulent core inside, like a ripped fruit, or a wrapped candy—

"A… Aruji-sama."

Oh…

It says a lot about my state of mind that I only notice after a few seconds.

The fabrics weren't like a pile anymore, instead, they formed something like a cradle or an improvised bed around Rin. The kunoichi was down to just a couple of articles but they were… crumpled.

Leggings biting midway across meaty thighs, skirts half flipped to show the milky skin of wide hips, the strap of purple-black underwear circling around it before disappearing on the few parts the skirt still hid, slender waist framing a taut midsection that quivered as my eyes passed over it, an attractive bellybutton waving between the faint abbs. A set of crop and spaghetti tops failing miserably to prevent the sheer mass of titty flesh from spilling off in the most seductive way possible, succeeding only in becoming an interesting set of straps around the globes, the remaining cords, and ropes, all loose and ill-positioned, but nevertheless still gave the idea of 'being tied up'.

And she was sweaty, a result of being under all those layers of cover for so long, sweaty all over, and breathing hard, and with a reddish gleam on her skin that brought dangerous things to mind, and then the smell hit, a raw, primal one, with hints of something that I know and love.

"Hehehe..."

At the sound of her smug little laughter, I closed my mouth and got back control of my expression.

No words were needed after that point. I reached out, placing a hand over the warm skin of her belly, my fingers spreading over the contours of her abdomen. The contact caused an electrifying reaction to ripple across her whole from, including tingling up my arm. It was accompanied by a happy and incredibly sensual sigh.

My steady touch and her sweaty skin made for an interesting contrast as I massage my way up. In no time at all, the supple, heated cover hiding steel-clad muscles beneath was substituted by a sheer mass of overwhelming softness with a core that was firmer than anyone would think. The flimsy clothes were barely worth consideration as my fingers slid underneath.

Under the melody of sighs and soft moans, Rin's left breast molded over my touch in that magical way only huge tits can. I made sure to circle around the globe to free it from the grasps of the remaining clothes, before circling again, pinching, massaging, pressing, and folding the milky white slopes of that awesome mountain, all while leaving the rosy tip, which only got harder by the second, completely alone.

My beautiful little kunoichi noticed this negligence, but with her arms behind her back in their faux 'binds', she could do nothing but let out a long, needy whine and undulate her body under my sight. That's not to say it wasn't effective. No, with the rustling of clothes it produced, the new inches of enticing flesh it revealed, the deep panting making the curves dance, it was almost strategic, like dangling a piece of premium meat in front of a starving man.

Ah. Maybe it was the analogy, maybe it was my new uniform retaining heat like crazy, but just then I realized how 'starved' I really was.

With a heavy grunt, I leaned forwards. My other hand finally made an appearance at Rin's thighs, pushing the legging away completely before sliding back for her underwear, my left hand abandoned her breast entirely, slipping to her back and downwards, before leaving her completely and going for my ultra-tight pants. The whine of protest she left out was interrupted by my face getting close and capturing the neglected nipple with my teeth.

This was faster than usual for me. I was a foreplay man, there were few things I loved more than seeing a beautiful woman squirming under my touch as I drove her insane with my techniques even before my penis entered the picture, this goes double now that I had supernatural gamer skills on the subject. But tonight, I found myself unable to wait, Rin was quick to notice this, and pressed herself against me more, accepting me entirely.

"Aruji-Ahy! Ahhh…Gah!... Ohhhh…"

It took me two thrusts to fully hilt myself inside my gorgeous Kunoichi, a short one for her to get used to my girth, and another to sink into her depths. She vocalized the whole process, which was a delight to my ears as I suckle and licked her nipples like I was expecting to find the fountain of youth.

When she's naked, it's a bit of a fight to get her to react like this, to break down her composed facade and get her to moan like a bitch in heat, but if an article of clothing was on her, this became unnecessary, from start to finish she'll moan herself hoarse, not bothering to hide anything or hold back any reaction, no matter how 'improper' it was.

I sunk my head into the wonderful softness of her breast, rolling my tongue over her tip. My hands glided over her quivering flesh and settle on her hips. With I good grip on her form, I draw myself back and started thrusting.

I started faster than I usually did, harder. From this proximity I could feel the impact traveling across her body, a moaning, hitching music growing louder above me. I could feel her moist tightness latching on to my member, making pulling harder than it should. The near-burning warm she was radiating growing hotter and hotter until the point of our union was like a furnace, it made me feel a bit lightheaded, enough to let go of her nipple and produce my own sound.

She didn't last long, she usually doesn't if there were some clothes on her. But even as her body went rigid, her moans hit a crescendo, and her internal muscles gained a supernatural quality to them, I fucked her through it. Desperately - and admittedly a bit selfishly - seeking my own peak. She sputtered as my continuous thrust prolonged her climax, her arms snapping forwards and holding on to me for her dear life, trying to maximize the contact between us. I did it, likewise, savoring her happy sighs at the base of my ears and I fucked that gushing inferno until—

"CRAP!" The curse brought me back to reality and broke the mood just a little bit, an unexpected noise will do that for any combatant.

I looked to the side and saw that Minon was fallen from the sofa that, given its toppled position, she was probably perched on. Her blushing face had the classical look of a child caught with their hands on the cookie jar.

A thought struck me, and I looked to the other side, seeing a very close, very naked Falion frozen in an ambushing posture.

"Nyan?" She said innocently.

I locked eyes with Rin who had followed after me as I looked, and an understanding passed between us.

My dick produced a surprisingly loud, sloppy sound as I pulled from Rin's tight cave and stood up. It was absolutely drenched in the Kunoichi's fluids, and it pulsed dangerously with the frustration of a robbed climax. That was what Minon get a face full off as I turned towards her.

"W-wow." She whispered – well, it was a whisper by her standards anyway – her green eyes crossed a bit as a long, thick shadow loomed over her face. Then a big, proud smile spread across her plump, soft-looking, fuckable lips. "Hah! Master, you're bigger than those guys in the magazine- Guh!"

I may or may not have fantasized about shutting her up like this a few times, I adore my boastful cowgirl, but sometimes she's a bit too much.

Minon's pretty eyes blinked dumbly as she processed the fact the head of my cock was inside her mouth, before she brightened, the corner of her lips curling into a smile around my meat and her tongue shot up to lap over everything available for to her.

Absolutely no technique, but an overabundance of enthusiasm. There was an appeal to that.

"Seal your lips around it… Yes, like that." I said, and I grabbed each of her horns in a firm grip and pulled her in.

"Hey, not fair!" I heard the protest coming from behind as Falion tried for a leap, but a cat-like shrill, an impact, and a tumble to the side told me she was intercepted by a vengeful figure, probably holding a rope.

I tuned out the sounds of the conflict and refocus on my cowgirl. She had closed her eyes, her tongue moving more languidly around me, genuinely savoring the taste rather than trying to copy what she saw Rin doing. I groaned in satisfaction and pulled her further in.

"Gurk!" She let out as I reach past her mouth.

"Easy. Easy. Just relax, you're doing good." I whispered in a heavy tone as I try to break past it.

This was the first time she tried to push something of my size down her throat, so, naturally, she gagged. A tight ring contrasted almost painfully around my length, saliva filled up her mouth while tears built up in her eyes and she instinctively tried to swallow. I let out a groan for the sensation in produced but soon was back instructing her.

With my instructions and encouragements, Minon successfully managed to accommodate me, it wasn't fast, and there was more gagging and even some teeth – I'm really glad for my superhuman constitution otherwise that would be the end of it – but by the end, my sexy cowgirl proudly managed to lay a kiss at the base of my cock, her nose pressing on my short public hair and her chin neatly against my ballsack.

Taking out was only slightly faster than getting in. I wanted Minon to familiarize herself with the entire process. In the end, her tongue was back at lapping around my helmeted head again, it was almost cute, in a way. With a few moments of repositioning, I pushed myself back inside her mouth.

It wasn't perfect, in fact, she had a coughing fit that forced me to remove it, but soon she was back upright, her mouth open wide and eyes burning, she was just as determined to become a good cocksucker as I was to make her one.

The thought brought a chuckle to me as I resume the lesson. Second try, third…

By the fifth, she was taking my cock in with minimal difficulties.

"Good work, very good." I breathed out, and she let out a victorious murmur around my length that felt incredible. "Now, bear with me."

Tightening my grip on her horn and transferring the other one to her soft, blonde curls. I began to indulge a hunger that was growing inside.

"Guk… Guk…" Minon noisily swallowed in tandem with my movement. "Guhk… Guk.. Guk. Guk."

She poured her little heart into it, even as I grew faster, harder, until her face was smashing rhythmically against my pelvis with loud, sloppy sounds, her eyes rolling back to her head, and she could do nothing but let it happen.

A primal noise wrenched its way out of me. Minon was tall, a head taller than me, built of nothing put hard muscles and wide curves, an Amazonian beauty in all aspects with her cow attributes as a fun bonus. Seeing a woman like this on her knees, her lips being defiled by my manhood, her enormous breasts clad in a nearly transparent tank top bouncing and occasionally pressing against my legs, her hands lost inside her own short and with the start of a puddle accumulating underneath. Oh yeah, it did something to me, awoke some raw, deep-seated instincts.

So, I fucked, and fucked the pretty face of my cowgirl. Enjoying every second of it, and with part of my brain already deciding on the next fantasy to enact, many of them involving tied-up cows, massive tits, and milk.

My own climax took me by surprise, but I suppose I was already dangerously close to the edge due to Rin. Wordlessly, I pressed Minon's face against my pelvis one last time and got lost in the sensations, my head flashing white for a second and my legs trembling as I shot my seed deep inside my first Cardian's throat.

After I finished and took a few breaths to steady myself, and pulled myself out of Minon, enjoying seeing every single glistering centimeter exited those stretched lips. After I was fully out, with my half-hard length on the same frame, I pulled her limp head up to stare at her face.

Yeah, it was like I'd imagine; hazy eyes, open mouth with tongue still moving over the emptiness, saliva and tear trails, some more still falling. She was out of it, utterly cock-drunk, it gave me a boost to my masculine ego like nothing else.

No little hearts though, I guess I have to try harder next time.

"Aruji-sama~" Rin's smug, singsonged voice called out, I immediately turned to look because this wasn't something I heard every day.

Falion took most of my attention, however, and how could she not? Locked in an expertly made shibari bind that forced her arms behind her back and her legs to stay apart and fold over. She was positioned in a position that she faced away from me, her torso pressing on the ground but her ass upwards, her privates spread open and defenseless before my feasting eyes. From her dripping pussy with fat lips, pink slit, and a pinker little patch of hair on top of all, to her puckered anus above, which currently had two of Rin's long fingers lodged inside and looked to be plastered with a healthy dose of gleaming lube.

A smiling Rin – with a new scarf and open bottom-up shirt – leaned down and let a little bite on the catgirl's toned asscheek, making it tremble almost fearfully.

"The cat's ready for you, Aruji-sama~" The kunoichi practically purred out, her fingers moving in and out the tight-looking, quivering hole.

Needless to say, I was back at full mast in instant.

I was a little merciless with Falion, especially for a girl who never took anything up her ass, but this was supposed to be a punishment, plus, she was remarkably well-lubed, and by the sounds she let out thought her gag, she didn't mind too much. Rin watched the penetration with an almost dangerous sort of glee in her eyes. She looked up at me with smoky eyes as I began to thrust and then climbed up, pressing herself against me and making sure all her curves dragged against my form.

At the top, she assertively threw her arms around my shoulder and initiated a kiss.

"For you." She whispered between kisses, following up with her tongue.

Goddamn! something really flipped her switch right now! I could only groan and sink my fingers into Falion's ass as Rin's intensity made me fuck the catgirl even harder.

That lasted until Rin suddenly let out a high-pitched breath against my mouth, eyes growing wide before rolling to the back of her head, she dipped to my neck and moaned. Without her head blocking my vision I could see that Minon had - with a surprising amount of stealth - crawled towards us, hugged Rin's kneeling legs from behind, and buried her face deep inside the kunoichi's ass. The cowgirl finally indulging in a fantasy she had for a while.

Today… was a long day, full of surprises, action, heavy topics, revelations, and many leads that will have to be followed over these upcoming days, heck, it even felt like two whole months have passed just to see the ending!

But tonight was making out to be a long night, and it's already more than making up for it.



A/note: I apologise if any of the new character felt weird and out of character, this chapter I only tried to give you guys an first impression of them, this is actually one of the contributing factors why it took it so long, I tried to go character work for everybody in it and never got it right, so the end result this, but it still a bit rough I think, I'm not fully satisfied with it, I don't think I managed to transmit everything I wanted, but I needed to get it done and moving, creatively speaking.

One character that I think I didn't do justice was Kenichi, I really wish I could have give a better impression of him, but I wanted him in the discussion, yet at the same time with what happened to him (there will be details eventually) he should be in bed, he's only walking around for sheer force of will... because Kensei and Akisame now have access to weird Ranma 1/2 medicine.
sce
I plan to do that with all the characters if I can I apologise if they came out bland in this first impression, they'll be developed later in an more flexible situation.

Fun fact, I always planned to introduce Street Fighter to the story, but not on this arc. initially it was supposed to only be about kenichi's stuff, but it... grew a whole freaking lot.

Chapter Waifus (or the dude like pretty pictures so he will share pretty pictures):

Spoiler: Kousaka Shigure

Spoiler: Nanjō Kisara

Spoiler: Kasugano Sakura


I can't post the pic of Shiratori Kaoru that I found for some reason, so google her.
Last edited: Aug 10, 2022
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sidrakil, Skybrain and 1,155 others
Adudefromthesea
Aug 5, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21, part 1
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Jan 1, 2023
Add bookmark
#21,315
Hello guys sorry for the wait, heavy shit happened in real life and I suffered a massive fucking burn out about writing in general, that took a tool for a while.

Trying to get back on track. Thank you very much for your continuing support in keeping this thread alive for all that time, I said it before and I'll say it again, but movement here is insane

Happy new years.



Chapter 21, part 1








When you learn how to fight properly, and then proceed to fight a whole lot, you start to develop some unexpected skills. Things that are not really teachable, or at least not in the way they appear in the middle of combat. Teachers can point them out, but you have to sort of 'get it'.

Distancing, field management, enemy range, measuring your opponent… That last one is particularly weird; it goes beyond figuring out how skilled they are without having to look at the floating numbers above their heads. It's like a… I don't want to say premonition, it's not as focused or precise as that. Only thing I can come up with is hunches, you get an impression, an idea about what your opponent is about to do.

You see tension in a particular muscle group, and you know how they will move next. You notice the tilt of their heads, and you know which angle the next attack will come from. You see the look in their eyes, and you know their intentions, how they are going to try to maim or kill you.

My opponent stood before me, I knew everything they are going to do, and when they finally moved, I had no chance.

"HORYAH!"

A battlecry. A strike of wood against metal. And my baseball bat bounced across the tatami floor with muffled sounds. The next strike was on my shin and it sent me sprawling to the ground with a shocked gasp.

Defeat.

Absolute defeat. Pure and simple.

"Yatta! Ena-chan won!" The little girl yelled victoriously, raising her wooden stick high like a mighty sword.

The defeated me groaned pathetically. "Nooo, how could this be!? S-S-Such power!"

"It's the power of FRIENDSHIP!" Ena yelled even louder; her chest puffed with pride.

The audience, who began giggling in delight from the moment I went down, practically squealed in celebration.

In death and humiliation, I relaxed, letting the little miko princess bask in all the glory.

Seeing her like that is like a refreshment for the soul. She's just too cute.

"Kamen Ena, sudden death!" Apparently, she decided to deliver one last attack for a dying and defeated monster and jumped on top of me in a clumsy wrestling move that I'm sure would have hurt if I wasn't superhuman. "Onii-chan submission!"

Oi oi, what kind of tokusatsu shows are you watching Ena-chan?

It seems that the guff of breath I exhaled on impact was too funny, so another little girl appeared out of nowhere and jumped on me too.

"Submission!" She also cried. "hihihi!"

That opened the floodgate. Grown up on the ground in front of a group of children? And two of them just jumped on him? Yeah, this could not have resulted in anything but a loli pile. Each girl claimed part of my body to throw themselves over.

It was a surprisingly large group. Ten different girls around Ena's age, all dressed in cute mini Miko outfits and spotting oddly colored hair and extravagant hairstyles, like if you picked that one stand-out character in an anime classroom and put them all together into a group. Their titles ranged from a simple 'Apprentice Miko' to a more distinct 'Heiress of the so-and-so temple', though two of them shared a copy of Ena's scary title of 'Direct Descended of The Amaterasu's Bloodline.'

Besides Ena, I only recognized one more name among them. One that has the most attention-grabbing title while ironically having the most normal hairstyle and color.

"Come on Yu-chan!" Ena encouraged the only girl still left standing. She tapped on the vacant spot on my chest at her side she deliberately prevented anyone from claiming. "You can do it!"

Dead monsters weren't supposed to move their eyes, but in a fit of necromancy I rolled mine up to stare at the cute little button fidgeting timidly in place.

Mariya Yuri
Direct Descended of The Tsukuyomi's Bloodline.
Level 01

Not a copy of Ena's title like the other two, but a variation on it. And I recognize her name, and remember who she is, or rather, who she will become better than Ena. She's the second heroine of the Campione's protagonist harem, pretty sure of that, the one that introduces the concept of Hime-Miko to the setting.

Currently, she's just an adorable brown-haired and brown-eyed little miko girl.

"Come on!" Ena egged her once again, now joined by a few of the others. That seems to do the trick.

"R-Right!"

Yuri fumbled her way from left to right, looking over the pile, yet not really knowing what to do. Eventually, she settled for formally kneeling down right beside my face and putting my head on her little lap. Finishing up by covering my eyes with her hands

"S-Submission!"

Haha, nailed it kid.

"That's not how you do it!!" The rest disagreed with me.

They then proceeded to reject Ena's reserved spot to her pouty annoyance. The next few minutes devolved into a logistic discussion about the best way to completely cover my dead and broken body. After some repositioning, I ended up with an even more thorough loli blanket with a mortified Yuri hilariously sitting on top of my head.

On my head, the side of my head to be precise, not my face. I'm a shameless degenerate but even I have my limits.

"YOSH! Let's move on to the human sacrifice!" Ena shouted from somewhere around my leg.

"""""YAY!!!!""""

Okay, seriously, what kind of tokusatsu are these kids watching!?

The sound of loud clapping resonated across the room, interrupting whatever horrifying ideas were going through these girls' heads. "Alright children, that's enough." The matronly Miko that was serving as the kid's babysitter or handler for today called out. I can practically see the wooden, twitchy smile as she watches our shenanigans.

Exactly lady, it is my fault that they tore out the shide paper from their goheis and are now waving the sticks around like mini-baseball bats.

And I ain't apologizing for it.

"AWWWWW!!!" The predictable sound of disappointed children rang out. Though the most daring ones immediately jumped to their feet in defiance. Ena leading the charge.

"Not fair! Onii-chan was teaching us how to fight!" She argued.

"We're learning how to defend ourselves!" A blue-haired kid named Kaori added.

"And beat up monsters!" Her red-haired twin, Shina, crackled behind them.

Their defiance only rallied the others. It's clear they have some kind of kid hive mind going on.

"What you choose to play while in the company of Ōe-san is one thing." She was puffing too much hot air, that woman, it was obvious that those were not the words she wanted to say. "But it can not disturb your lesson schedule, Hime-sama. Yours and the other young ladies'. Especially not in these trying times."

"But it's math! Blew! How is math going to help?!"

"Hime-sama, this is not the way a proper lady should behave!'

"No! I want to learn how to kick monsters' butts!"

"Hime-sama, please be reasonable!!"

"NOOO!"

Yeeeah, kids being headstrong about something can be cute, but there is a point where they need to receive some push back otherwise they grow spoiled and complacent. Ena was quickly approaching that point.

I considered grumbling my way out of the remaining pile that was still on top of me and doing something about it. But thankfully I didn't need to.

"Ena-chan."

Shiori was sitting by the corner, the slide doors were open to one of the Temple's inner gardens, she had a tea set arranged on the tiny table in front of her where she set the cup she was savoring from before speaking, her voice carried easy, her tone calm and slightly amused, matching perfectly with the soft smile on her face. A sharp contrast with how the Miko babysitter was acting.

"You have to attend your lessons, Ena-chan. And your friends have other duties too." She spoke. "And you shouldn't talk with Himari-san this way apologize."

"But…"

Just like that, most of Ena's spunk deflated. The girl had a weakness for her mother, it was easy to see. She's still very much in that worshiping phase where the kid sees their parents as larger-than-life figures in their lives that hold all the answers. It doesn't help that Shiori is the biggest authority around, so Ena sees everybody that is part of her daily life treating her mother with utter respect and reference. Distance must also add to it, they can't be together very often, so the longing she feels surely must affect the image of her mother she holds in her mind in many ways.

In summary; it was one thing to mouth off random mikos who bow their head to her every day, it was another to go against her mother.

Still, this being Ena, not all the defiance went away.

"But I don't want to!" She whined petulantly. "I don't need this stuff! I need to be strong enough to beat the bad guys!"

I really don't want to overthink her attitude…. But yeah, I can't help but think this was a result of Minon's attack all those weeks ago. Kids can bounce off some pretty heavy stuff, but tearing in the feeling of safety in one own home is a pretty scarring experience.

If Shiori had any indication of where my train of thought went, she didn't show it. Though it would be seriously impressive if she had, considering much of my expression and body language were hidden behind a loli cover.

"Not true at all." The woman spoke patiently. "You wish to be a warrior do you not? And warriors must be smart just as they are strong. Just as the one behind you."

Ah, this is my Onii-chan cue I guess, time to use my role model status for good and justice! Besides, being dead for so long can't be healthy.

"Itsh true." I said and the words came out a little mangled due to my cheek being mashed by Yuri's behind. The girl in question let out a little yelp and promptly jumped off. I took this as an opportunity to shake off the rest of the lolis and raise myself to a sitting position. "I may not look like it, but I'm one of the tops of my class when it comes to grades!"

Not technically true yet, but if the exams were anything like the classes and the work they give us, I'm guaranteed to be up there.

""""EEEEhhhhh~?""""

"Oi brats, what is with this disbelieving tone!?"

Shiori let out a musical giggle. "See? Even Ōe-kun agrees."

Ena was making a mighty pout at me now, her cheeks making her look like a squirrel stuffing their faces with winter food. Perfectly round and squishable.

"But we were training!" She whined.

"We can do that another time."

She made a little frustrated noise, stomping her feet. It was clear she was grasping for straws.

Kaori, the bluette friend, leaned in and whispered something to her ear. Ena's eyes widened and she quickly pointed her fingers at me.

"I'll go if you let us join your gang!"

"Eh. Sure, why not?"

Boy the face at miko babysitter made was priceless, it made me think I was about to start hearing boss music. Even Shiori froze a bit and let out a small little 'eh?'.

The kids, of course, exploded with cries of pure delight.

After receiving her heartfelt apology and fighting back the urge to strangle me the babysitter led NWC's newest division 'The Little Miko Crew' and its leader Seishuuin Ena away from the room. Leaving me alone with the milfiest of mikos.

"You are corrupting my daughter," Shiori told me as I retrieved my bat and sat down by her tiny tea table.

"And proud about it," I said, getting my own cup. "If you didn't like what I'm doing Ena wouldn't even know I was there."

We savored our tea in silence for a few moments as politeness demanded.

"You wish to speak." The miko spoke.

"I wish for us to be frank." I sighed. "But before we start."

Shiori's expression softened. "Shiratori Makiko's still on intense treatment but I hear it's going well. Shiratori Azusa… still does not wish to see you." She informed me.

I didn't wince or even twitch. There was no reason to. I was already prepared for that, and I understood completely.

Still, it hurts a little bit.

"She will come around eventually." Shiori tried to console me, but I waved her off.

The feelings for Azusa are mostly leftovers from the old Hiroshi anyway.

"And the investigation? Do we know why… why Azusa didn't end up like her mother?"

There are several questions about the demon situation that still need answers, but the one that baffles me the most is this one. That demon had enough time to turn Azusa's mother into a fully loyal sex slave, booby trap the entire house, and construct a sex dungeon in the basement, but when it comes to the girl herself, he has done nothing. Heck, he didn't even start doing something considering her systems were completely clear of demonic substances until the exposure to lust mist she got during the fight. A Nomad Demon spent what appears to have been a long time with a beautiful teenage girl living under his roof and has done nothing to corrupt her.

That was very, very weird.

"Nothing concrete so far." Shiori sighed, she was also wondering the same question. "All signs point to it being a normal operation, probably to get a foothold in Nerima which Nomad currently lacks. Thankfully, you appear to have stopped it before it could properly start, but the demon was good enough to not leave many traces. Even the teleportation circle was scrambled after use. As for Azusa's state, your guess is as good as mine."

"Right." I took a long breath. It feels weird to set the literal rape demon and the repercussion of its presence in my neighborhood aside, but there was something more urgent. The big subject. "What the hell happened yesterday?"

I didn't exactly raise my voice, oh, if this conversation happened before I definitely would have – hours of sex with a hot taimanin girlfriend does wonders for the nerves – but the tone was a lot firmer and blunter than the one I usually use with her. So much so that it visibly put her on the back foot.

"... I'm sorry?"

"I just got out of a meeting with master Kōetsuji Akisame and the rest of Ryōzanpaku. Their apprentice and his companions have been attacked by the combined forces of Ragnarok and the Cardians who apparently entered into some kind of fucked up villain alliance to dominate Tokyo's delinquent scene. And, yes, it is as dumb as it sounds. But the important thing is that people got hurt and are going to keep getting hurt." I let out the breath I was holding. Knew talking about the subject was going to get me worked up. "Shiori-san, you said I could trust you with the Cardian situation, but what happened yesterday... that doesn't sound like they're being 'taken care of' at all!" I don't want to sound accusatory but fuck.

"I... see." She spoke slowly. And I was surprised by the look on her face.

"You didn't know!?"

"I knew about the new connection between Ragnarok and the Cardians, but about your meeting with Ryōzanpaku?" She gave me a somewhat awkward smile. "I'm afraid you overestimated my 'spying' capabilities, especially if it happened last night. But then again, considering it involved delinquents I should have expected--"

"No." I cut her off. "No, that can't be. There was a member of the History Compilation Committee in the meeting."

The change happened in an instant.

Shiori's posture shifted so fast it was like a reality just glitched in front of my eyes. She went from composed but somewhat relaxed to ramrod straight and tensed like a coiled serpent. Her eyes pierced me and all inviting warmth and friendliness melted away from her expression, leaving something cold, distant, and professional.

I only saw her with an expression like that once. The first time I met her. When she tore open a hole in the dimensional walls of an Illusion barrier to get to the monster that had attacked her home and threatened her daughter.

"Who?" She asked, quiet intensity radiating from her form.

I strained my Poker Face Skill in an attempt to not gulp and was mostly successful.

"Guy named Amakasu Touma, he's been talking to the masters at the dojo. Apparently, he's their liaison with the government."

"I see." The beautiful statue that replaced Shiori said.

After a few heavy seconds, the woman collapsed back into the more casual persona I knew her as.

"That complicates things."

Evi-fucking-dently. From her reaction alone I could infer a lot of shit.

"Do you know him?" I choose the polite thing to say rather than the 'why the hell don't you know what he knows, what's going on woman!?' I should be asking. I knew when to lay it off, and I actually like her.

"Of course I do. Amakasu-san is a precious co-worker after all." She said to me and opened a humorless smile. "Even if he is from another department and answers different things for different people." She shook her head. "Even organizations of young age and with relatively small ersonnel like the Committee have factions and internal policies, Ōe-kun."

And that was the answer to my unspoken question.

"Complicated?" I asked.

"Indeed." She answered.

And we drank tea because it was calming and delicious.

"Be that as it may be. You are right, Ōe-kun." The miko softly moved back from the table so she had space to bow. "I deeply apologize, Ōe Hiroshi-kun. I have betrayed your trust and your confidence. I have failed to deal with the promised threat in a timely and definitive manner. On behalf of myself and my clan, I'm sorry."

This was a big action, symbolic and status-wise, but I frankly didn't give a single iota of a fuck.

"I didn't come here seeking apologies or restitution or whatever. I'm just..." I rubbed the bridge of my nose. "I'm just sick of these monsters running around."

"The feeling is mutual." The miko said, raising herself back up and fixing her robes, which were displaced by her previous posture.

Ranma joked about that once, I recall. Perils of having large breasts; they always try to pop out, no matter what you wear.

"We will have to fight them," I said, yanking my eyes off the enormous pair. Not the time to get distracted, Hiroshi. "Us, kids, I mean. Ragnarok has some mysterious backers that mysteriously made them untouchable by anyone above a certain level."

"Yami. It must be them."

"I--" To be honest, my jaw slacked a little bit. That's... that's the enemies from the Kenichi's manga, isn't it? "... How do you know that?"

"If Ryōzanpaku got checked, they are the most likely candidate. Few organizations can pull that off, and when it happens, more often than not it's Yami. The same is true in vice versa. The two factions are a perfect counterpart for one another, so, naturally, rivals."

My mouth clicked closed. "You know, master Kōetsuji went to great lengths to keep that information from us. Keeping everything vague and ominous and so on. But you just up and said who it is?" Not part of her MO either, now that I think about it.

"Experience dictates that when dealing with hot-blooded youngsters full of potential and things to prove, having a large threat be mysterious and undefined prevents a lot of suicide charges."

What? There's a list of rules for mentor characters or something?

"And yet you've told me." I noticed.

Something a bit like pride mixed with mirth sparkled across those emerald-green eyes of hers. "Ah, you are a hot-blooded youngster full of potential and things to prove with a good head on your shoulders. Different parameters."

There is definitely a list of rules.

The hot milf's nice compliments had no effect on me, naturally. I took another cup of delicious tea and stoically drank it in a single sip, as men do. Shiori giggled again for some reason, the silly woman that kept annoying staring at my cheeks.

"Anyway." I cleared my throat. "I going to need everything you have on them, everything you can share."

"Of course. I'll have the files delivered at your residency as soon as I can." She nodded.

"... Ok, I will admit, I wasn't expecting that you'd agree with this easily."

Shiori's grip tightened, making her red hakama wrinkle a little bit at the thigh area. "You are taking back a burden that shouldn't be yours in the first place, it is my responsibility to help however I can. And my sincere desire." She shook her head slowly. "My only regret is that you didn't think of seeking here in the first place when this all began."

There are several ways I could interpret that last sentence, but for the sake of time, I chose the best one and moved on.

"Thank you." This time I was the one straightening my back for a formal bow. "I'm sure I'll find the details there, but can you tell me anything for summary, anything worth noticing, or that didn't go in those files for one reason and another?"

"Of course."

And she started to speak, giving me an overview of the information that apparently came from Shiori and her forces ruthlessly hunting down the Cardians and the ones responsible for them. About the monsters themselves, most I already knew from experience or from interrogating my own Cardians, although a bit about elemental weakness and the fact they can't produce spiritual energy was new. About the Cardian's masters, however, everything was new.

"Aliens?"

I mean, I already knew that. The Game System straight up told me when it labeled the Cardian's Card as 'magitech artifacts of aliens origins' or something. But having the subject brought up out loud in a serious conversation was a bit... yeah.

Shiori's expression was similar to my own.

"It is... a recent development for us too, but yes, over the last few years it became common knowledge, at least for those in the know, that extraterrestrial lifeforms are real. The subject is still being heavily discussed in various factions and countries around the world but what is important for us is the knowledge that the Cardians attacks were, essentially, a failed alien invasion.

"Right," Depressingly enough, this was one of the easier things to accept and get over it in this silly and impossible anime world. "And these aliens."

"The female-looking one goes by the name 'An', I will include her picture in the files. She's a magic user and a chloromancer, meaning she has magic-based control over plants, though the nature of her magic and the way she cast spells have no counterpart on earth, to the extent of my knowledge at least. She's primarily a long-ranged fighter but she's marginally skilled at close range, the utilization of Cardians also seems to be ingrained in her fighting style and usual strategies, as she's the most likely to summon one when cornered. An has complete control of what remains of the Cardians currently."

"So, she's their boss," I said putting aside the details for now, I'm sure the files would give me context. "She's the one who joined Ragnarok."

Shiori nodded. "Most likely. She does have a human disguise, but it's likely different now. I'll include it in the files nevertheless."

I hummed, processing the information. "You said you captured the other one? Any chance I could--"

"No."

I blinked at her, the cut-and-dry denial derailing my thoughts. I tried matching stares with her but she held.

No backing down on this one, huh?

"Alright." I slowly conceded. "That's... good. Good to start with, yeah."

… To be honest, despite this complex situation, the people that ended up getting hurt, the monsters that suddenly became a priority again, and the multiple factions suddenly taking an interest. I felt almost happy.

I finally have the source for all the Cardian attacks, the mastermind behind it all.

I have something I could swing my bat at and end things for good.

"As I said Ōe-kun. You will have my full support on this endeavor, it's the least I can do." Shiori said in a soft tone. "Is there anything else you'd like to know?"

My focus shifted back to the events of yesterday morning - the event that happened to me at least – the worries that were growing before meeting Shampoo and getting involved in the chain of events that would lead me to Ryōzanpaku and back to the Cardians. The bat akumas, the drifting illusion barriers, the Migration that happened because some big player decided to gopnik squat in the center of Tokyo and sent everybody running with their tails between their legs.

"Actually, if you could--"

For once, my words weren't interrupted by the sounds of massive explosions, a sudden attack, or sexy crazy stalkers ohohohoing in my direction. It was almost disappointing.

Shiori and I turned to face the door as the commotion outside got closer and closer. Heavy steps over the polished wooden floor, shouting, cursing, a series of mikos pleading for whoever was coming to stop, only to make the shouting grow worse. Before long, the doors to the room were violently thrown open, and I got to see the group of mikos outside wincing due to the sheer disrespect displayed in front of Shiori.

The man responsible for all that ruckus was... short, like, barely one meter and a half tall. His entire body had an odd circular look to it, but somehow didn't make him look fat, just... oddly shaped. He was of that age you can't really tell the precise number, but you definitely tell he was old. With a wrinkled, round face, skin permanently tanned by the sun, and what appeared to be a very long, very expressive, and very silvery unibrow, the only patch of hair he had on his entire head.

That unibrow was also arched in a very specific way. It would almost be funny if it wasn't framing a furious scowl.

"SEISHUUIN! We must speak now!!" The man shouted, striding into the room like he owned the place.

Hino Okuro
Head Prest of the Hikawa Shrine
Reincarnation of the Great Yoma Jiji
Level: 20

Gee, reincarnation of a demon, huh? What a nice grandfatherly figure.

Almost as if the guy was mindreading my snark, his eyes... no, his attention rounded up on me. Seems like he was the kind of person that never opened his eyes yet somehow still could see. The tangential relationship with my family head butler already made me mildly annoyed.

"GAH!" The guy gasped, showing that whatever he thought of me left him way more than mildly annoyed. "What are you-These clothes! This hair! Is that a gang symbol!? A ruffian! Inside Miraidochi of all places! In all my years—Arg! Seishuuin! You may be the unfavored daughter of your clan, but I never thought you let this place sink this low!"

I wonder how deep I can bury him with a whack of my bat, maybe Shiori would give me a prize if I hit the temple's foundation.

This was what I wondered, but on the outside, I chose the less violent option and opened the polite, condescending smile that was practically the prerequisite for entering Japanese high society. Raising a toast at the unwhacked old mole I spoke.

"Indeed! Sadly, these days this place allows for the entrance of people who scream in the corridors, barge into rooms uninvited, insult other guests, disrespect their hosts, and have no shame in being an all-around nuisance. Ruffians all of them. In my opinion, people like that should be promptly thrown out or be reeducated like the spoiled children they strive to imitate!"

The old mole went tomato red as the shock passed and my words registered, it was funny cuz he has the right shape. "Why, you!"

"Enough!"

I turned to look at Shiori, only to find she wasn't looking at me. She was staring at the angry mole with a rigid expression, similar to the expression she had before.

"... Ōe-kun, I would love to continue our talk, but I'm afraid something... urgent came in that requires my attention."

Her posture, her expression. Yeah, as much as a primal part of my brain wanted to continue to defend the pretty woman's honor against the mean villain, she was making it clear this wasn't the time for it.

Politics. Ugh!

"Of course," I said, raising to my feet. "Another time then."

Thankfully, the immediate pushback I gave him seemed to have knocked some manners back into the old man. He kept quiet as he took my previous seat at let the mikos silent work to replace the tea. He still sent a seething glare in my direction as I made my way to the door, and I couldn't help but spare a perfectly polite farewell bow to him as well as Shiori. My form was immaculate, downright awe-inspiring, etiquette tutors everywhere would have an orgasm watching it and I could practically hear the old man's teeth grinding for it.

I left the room and immediately started making my way towards the exit, ignoring a few of the mikos trying to get my attention.

I didn't like it, having my conversation being interrupted like that, leaving Shiori to deal with... whatever that was, not being able to freely give my piece of mind to that assehole of an old man because I didn't have all the full context for what was happening and my actions could reflect badly on Shiori and Ena and... I sighed.

No use getting all worked up like that. I had a shitload of things to do today. The whole thing with Shampoo, going back to meet Ryōzanpaku, talking to the others involved making an actual battle plan for how we will act going forwards. And morning had barely started--

I stopped.

Standing in front of me, blocking my path ahead, were three mikos.

They were perfectly normal in all aspects, just three mikos that wouldn't be out of place among the hundreds that populate the temple. Attractive like most of them, with classical Asian features and normal, non-anime hair colors. I even recognize the one in the middle as 'Seto Hinata', the miko that took me and Ranma to the real entrance of the Temple during our first visit a couple of weeks ago.

None of them had their names and titles floating over their heads, instead, they had...

Blood Golem
Level: 10

Blood Golem
Level: 11

Blood Golem
Level: 8

Yeeeeah, Shiori had a lot of those among her forces, didn't she? A great mystery I decided to leave it alone... till now.

Well then.

"So, you work for Nezuko?"

The reaction of the three was curious.

Keep in mind, they weren't ominously blocking my way. They were blocking the corridor, yes, and doing so clearly with the intention of intercepting me, but they were... fidgeting, throwing their weight from foot to foot, looking nervous-- no, almost anxious. I had caught some of their hushed yet fast murmurings before I turned around the corner. They didn't exactly give the air of an ambushing enemy.

And when I mention Nezuko's name. Each let out a gasp, the one on the right nearly a shriek. Their bodies jerk back as if they're struck.

"You can—Did you just--" The one on the left babbled some nonsensical words before a fierce grin nearly split her face in half. She opened her mouth to speak and audibly pulled in the air for it.

"Ah! AH! NO! Nope!" Hinata practically tackled the girl and pressed her against the wall, her hands going to slap and hold the miko's face. "Not here!"

"Let me go!" The miko struggled against the grip. "Didn't you hear him!? Don't you know what this means!? Gugggg!

The one on the right just stood still, seeming not even noticing the commotion happening right beside her. She just kept staring at me with fixed, unbelieving eyes, before her hands slowly rose to her mouth and tears began to trail down her cheeks.

Yeah, I'm missing something here.

"What the fuck is happening here?" I asked eloquently.

"I'm sorry – quiet!! – Ōe-sama, I-it's just, hm." Hinata turned to me, she now had four fingers down the pinned miko's throat in an attempt to silence her. She then gave me a half-awkward, half-pleading smile. "Um, c-could you come with us, hm, please?"

I sighed.

Mostly because I had a lot on my plate already, yet I'm too curious for my own good.

Another commitment for my already busy schedule, I guess.

-0-0-0-​

Ōe Hiroshi-kun.

Buddy.

Comrade.

Dear friend.

Could you please not follow a group of cute girls in fetish wear into dark, secret tunnels built underneath holy temples under the control of powerful clans and powerful governmental organizations next time around? I'm starting to think it is not worth the headache.

Love

Your Sense of Self Preservation.

P.S.: Common Sense says sorry for the slip-up, won't happen again.​

'Better not!' I thought as I threw myself behind cover and stayed low to the ground while the top half of the large boulder I had hidden behind was sliced into pieces.

"STOP ATTACKING HIM FOR GOODNESS' SAKE, THIS IS COUNTERPRODUCTIVE!!"

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! HE CAN HEAR THE VOICE OF THE MISTRESS YOU SAY! HE GOTTA HAVE GUTS!!

Following my screaming instincts, I rolled to the side, and the patch of earth I just exited exploded as deep, long gashes appeared over the ground and some of the walls.

I bounced to my feet my baseball bat in hand, looking at my opponent.

It was another blood golem, this one with a scary "???" for level. But for once, the guy's appearance said more than his game tag.

Because he was a rippling muscular man wearing ragged hakama pants, and only that, because he was wielding a pair of jagged katanas that did not have handles, because there was a large, shaggy, crazy-eyed, boar mask covering his features.

"HAHA! Good! Good! On your feet! Stand your ground! Mistress' new champion can't be a weakling! No can do! Uh-Nun! No way! I'll test your skills myself! So Fight! Fight! FIGHT!"

Because he was a blood golem version of Hashibira Inosuke.

And he was sapient

"BEAST BREATHING, THIRTEENTH FANG: CHIMERA CHOMP!"

Definitely not worth the headache.



A/n: Present to made up for the wait:

Magic number is 434274.

It's a new H-Doujin about Rin, can't link it cuz it's against the rules.
Last edited: Mar 27, 2023
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sidrakil, Skybrain, Spooky_Scribe and 1,214 others
Adudefromthesea
Jan 1, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21, part 2
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
May 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#21,794
The idea for this chapter is to be a short scene at the start of what will be the next chapter, but it grew too big, I think the full chapter will go up to five parts, sorry for the delay.

I hope you guys enjoy it.



Chapter 21, part 2




You could say that, in some ways, life is about dealing with problems.

At every moment in someone's life, they are at least tangentially thinking about a problem that needs to be solved; 'My rent payment is due but I lost my job', 'My brother has a drinking problem and it's tearing my whole family apart', 'I can't find my damn car keys'. Big or small, simple or complex, serious or banal, whatever the type they are, they tend to take center stage of a person's focus.

Of all types of problems there are out there, there is one that is undeniably the best type to have.

The self-solving ones.

"AGRHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

"OI OI OI WHAT ARE YOU-GEH!"

A blonde man wearing one of the temple priests' apprentice uniforms suddenly appeared behind Blood Golem Inosuke, wrapped his arms around his muscular abdomen, and promptly suplexes him.

"I TOLD YOU TO STOP, YOU MORON!"

The feral boar man didn't stay down for very long, in the next moment he broke away from the hold in a move that had more in common to break dancing than martial arts and jumped to his feet.

"UOHHHHHHH! YOU WANNA FIGHT TOO BLONDIE!? FINE THEN IF YOU INSIST!!!" He cried out enraged, lunging forwards with his jagged swords.

"YOU'RE STILL NOT LISTENING!!" The blonde man raged in return, the veins on his forehead nearly popping. He met the wild boar's advance with only his raised fists.

A very physical kind of anime bickering followed, filling the stale air of the cavernous tunnel with the sound of brutal fighting and screaming insults.

Just like with Inosuke, I... 'recognized' is a strong word to put there, but I could logically conclude that the blonde man was Agatsuma Zenitsu, another member of the protagonist trio of Demon Slayer. Though giving the 'Blood Golem' sign floating above his head, I could see this was another copy.

I watched the scene play out for a couple of seconds. Considered my options. And then promptly turned around and started to walk away toward the passage I came from.

It's too early for this bullshit.

"GAARRRRHHH! STOP DODGING AND FIGHT LIKE A MAN!!-- OI OI, YOU! WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU GOING!?"

"AND NOW HE'S LEAVING!! LOOK AT WHAT YOU'VE DONE, YOU IDIOT!!!"

"WHO THE HELL ARE YOU CALLING IDIOT, IDIOT!"

Ignore and walk away, that's the name of the game. Whatever weird bullshit the cast of Demon Slayer wanted with me, I'm sure it could wait after my schedule was a bit more open. Too many irons on the fire for Ōe-san at the moment anime people! I'll pick this little side quest another time! Preferably when I'm less pissed about almost being shanked by crazy boar men.

On the rocky, cavernous path I was previously traversing, the shocked miko Hinata stood around making nervous, aimless gestures, clearly rattled by the overwhelming display of anime stupidity and not knowing what to do. At the very least this meant that whatever this was it wasn't premeditated.

But there was a new figure at her side.

Ah...

Like the others, she had a 'Blood Golem' title. Her level was 50 which was a more reasonable number than the two idiots back there. She was dressed in a humble miko outfit but carried herself with an elegance that went beyond her clothes. With her dark-colored locks tightly bound in a stylized bun and her shining pupilless eyes, she looked more like a noble lady cosplaying as a miko than a real one.

I don't know a lot about Demon Slayer, having only watched the first episode of the anime and read a bit of spoilers from the manga before being dropped here, but I've seen her popping up here and there, clearly an important secondary character.

Lady Tamayo is her name, I believe.

"I apologize for the rudeness of my associates, Ōe-sama." She said with a formal bow.

Inside, I let out a grumble. Here we go. "You can say that again, despite the delinquent look I don't enjoy having strangers attacking me out of nowhere." Ok, so not all of the grumble stayed inside.

The golem woman didn't raise her head, but I could picture the fond smile from her tone. "They were being overzealous indeed. Please forgive them, this is the first time we had a champion marked by our mistress."

Champion. Mistress. "Right, and where does Nezuko fit into this? She'd made you guys I assume."

Tamayo finally rose, her pretty smile directed at me this time. As an answer, she tilted her body to the side and politely motioned to... a passage I was pretty damn sure wasn't there a moment ago. The invitation was clear.

Damn my curiosity.

-0-0-0-​

Someone was messing with the corridors.

I only managed to notice because the initial suspicion led me to pay close attention to my gut feelings and Spiritual Senses – considering the number of times these two things saved my ass this is a valid strategy – It happened every time we turned around a corner or passed through a particularly shadowy stretch, a faint, and I mean faint, like, the first few times I was sure it was my paranoia pranking my imagination, pull on my more mythical senses; magical or not, I honestly couldn't tell. It didn't happen to me specifically, but rather, the world around me. A Pulling Tension that made the hair on the back of my head stand up straight. If I had to put it into words... It was like hearing someone pulling on the strings of some musical instrument, but you're too far away to catch any sound and could only feel the tailing echo of the expected-sound that has been projected in your mind more than anything else. That, but tickling my Spiritual Senses instead.

I concluded then that the corridors were being moved without me noticing, that because I know the kind of world I live in and how it works. It certainly wasn't from any visual clue because other than that first instance and the tickling of my sixth sense, there was nothing, just long rocky corridors lit by oil lanterns and the occasional flickering light bulb.

My escort didn't say much after introducing herself and attempting some polite small talk. I think she caught on that I was trying to feel out whatever weird shit they had going on there, so she just smiled and quietly led the way, taking me further into the dark tunnels, until the vibrations and noises of the ongoing fight between golem Zenitsu and golem Inosuke faded away completely.

The changes in the scenery began to gradually happen. As we walked, the rough stone floor crudely lit by a haphazard lighting system began to smooth out, and the illumination started to become more consistent yet paradoxically more ancient. From lightbulbs and lanterns to wooden torches, then to candles with paper covers. Wood beams appeared from the dark, reinforcing the structure of the widening corridors as we went. Soon, the floor changed from stone to polished wood, and the walls from rock to sliding panels, everything around us started to look like a darker rendition of the temple above.

If I hadn't suspected that the corridors were changing as we walked, turning the last corner would have tipped me off that fact hard. Because something that wasn't here before we looked, blazed through my Spiritual Senses.

No, 'blaze' is the wrong word, it simply filled in the space. When I'm inside an illusion barrier, my senses became all jumbled up because of the immense energies forming the barrier's structure are present all around the place, pulling my senses into every direction while also engulfing all other energy sources like the light of the sun hiding the stars. This... this is like all that energy concentrated in a single point.

I blinked away some white spots in my vision that should not have been there. The energy was so great it blurred the lines between the senses. Once I repressed my Spiritual Sense skill I got used to having around all the time, I finally got to see our destination for the first time.

A shrine, one tall enough that its top almost scraped the cave's ceiling. There was some funky stuff happening with the wood as the construction around us almost seemed to bend and converge towards it but besides that and its size, the shrine was almost humble, with no ostentatious decorations or religious icons, just a simple statue that I could easy see was carved in Nezuko's likeness. It looked too small to be the Heavenly Oni herself petrified... but then again, she could alter her size, so who knows.

The other two things of note; First was the ofuda. The shrine wasn't exactly covered with them but there was a fair amount hanging from the wooden construction and one overly detailed one over the statue's face. The walls and ceiling around the shrine, however, were, with layers upon layers of ofuda papers spreading from and maybe towards the center. I could see a pattern from it, the ones closest to the shrine were uneven and disorganized, like they'd been slapped in place with a carelessness that spoke of extreme urgency, while the ones on the 'outer' parts were neatly stacked together, almost like a stylized wallpaper. I could make head or tail of their scripts in any of them; it was beyond my level.

And the other thing of notice. The jars, a series of ceramic jars about as tall as an adult man's waist were placed alongside the walls, which was rather weird and out of place, as they gave out the impression of tributes, but if this was the case then they should have been placed right in front of the shrine and not lining the way towards it. Out of everything, those were the things that made me feel most unease. I couldn't explain the feeling, they just gave off a really creepy vibe.

Putting that aside I focused on the statue.

"So, this is where she's being kept," I stated. Not the most difficult conclusion to reach.

"Indeed," Tamayo confirmed, sounding almost sad.

"I'm assuming that you want me to free her?"

"No." The woman shook her head. "To be sealed was our mistress will at the time. With no way to verify her state and not knowing the result of its removal, it is best that it remains in place."

"Okay." I frowned. "You know I'm getting tired of only getting vague answers with sprinkles of information, it's like you people get off on that. So, I'm going to politely ask and I expect a straight and complete answer: Who the hell are you people? Why bring me here? What do you want with me?" I turned to face the golem woman. "Tell me what exactly is going on, no more delays," I demanded; my voice hard.

"Of course, Ōe-sama, I apologize for upsetting you." She gave me another short bow and placed a hand over her heart. "We are... an Order of sorts, though that was never been formalized. Our faction, if you can call it that, lacks a name or formal ranks, we simply banded together and decided to act to fulfill our mistress Kamado Nezuko's best interests while she's indisposed. This may be hard to believe Ōe-sama, but we were created by our mistress' power, every single one of us. We are not human."

"I know." I deadpanned; a bit annoyed by the flowery delivery of obvious information. The woman's eyes widened a bit- and I just realized the only real indication they give out that they are not human is the game tag floating above their heads. They don't even feel different from my Spiritual Senses, so I shouldn't be able to tell.

Ah well, what's done is done. "Nezuko used a lot of you guys when she was 'testing' me and Ranma," I explained. "Didn't she tell you?"

Her reaction wasn't what I expected. Her body rocked a bit, her fingers curled over the fabric of her kosode, and a broad, uncontrollable smile bloomed on her lips, breaking her careful composure for the first time since she appeared. "So, it is true, you talked to her I-" Suddenly she drew back, visibly restraining herself, her fist rose to her mouth, and she let out a soft polite cough. "My apologies, Ōe-sama, but you're mistaken. We do not have contact with our mistress, we have never been able to. We act based on what we believe she would want the most... it's the best we can do."

"Hm, there's a story there." I crossed my arms in an unsaid demand. Tamayo nodded.

"Fifty years ago, the country was going through a most chaotic time, as you might imagine. During this chaos there was a terrible incident that gravely injured our mistress in ways that went beyond the mere physical, this caused her to enter a berserk state no one could bring her out of. The unending destruction caused by her wrath was catastrophic, growing to a point where she threatened the integrity of the great Honshu Island itself. In the face of this event and many other external factors our mistress' allies saw no other choice but to seal her within this sacred ground, with this Jiyuu-Ji Temple later constructed to contain the overspill of her power."

I compartmentalize the information feeling... not exactly surprised. I already knew Nezuko was sealed here, this was pretty obvious from our last conversation, I only lacked that context, and at that matter, I frowned. "That still a pretty vague explanation, don't you think?"

"My apologies. Only a few of us who witnessed the whole event, and our memories from back then are... foggy to say the least. We were not meant to last for as long as we did, the capability of higher thought and emotion only came later."

It took a couple of seconds for me to realize the full weight of what she implied.

"Hold on." I choked. "'Higher Thought'? You mean you weren't sapient when you were made!?"

Tamayo simply nodded.

"Our mistress wielded us like weapons. A technique to add disposable allies to a battle, to fulfill a singular, temporary purpose. Once the fight was over, the enemy defeated, and our purpose fulfilled, she dismissed those of us still left standing. In her final rampage, an army of hundreds of thousands of us was created and unleashed against everything and everyone, yet when she was sealed, there was no one left to dismiss us." The woman looked away, her expression tight as if trying to recall a long, half-forgotten memory, or a painful one. "There was a culling, enacted by the government and some of our mistress' companions, the majority of our numbers were dealt with, but they missed a few. So, we just... Lingered, wandered war-torn the country. Driven by half-formed instinct and the remaining of our mistress will. We started to gather together at some point and grew more organized, it's difficult to say when we became as we are today, but we all came here eventually."

She turned around, directing her gaze at the shrine, Nezuko's shrine. Her word trailed off for a bit as if she forgot I was there, before continuing in a softer tone.

"At first, we just wished to be closer to her. We knew we would be killed should our true nature be discovered, so we hide among the visitors, the neighborhood residents, the temple's staff." She brought her hand over her mouth and let out a peal of short, quiet laughter. "Many of us are quite good at blending in you know, and we help the ones who aren't. We were satisfied with what we had, small as it was... however..." She paused, turning to face me again, her expression was back to the calm mask of formality, no, it was colder than before. "This generation of the Seishuuin clan, the clan tasked with protection and caretaking of our mistress' seal, had proved to be more duplicitous than the previous one and began to take actions that are antithetical to their sacred duty, actions that may even hurt our mistress in the future. So, we were forced to take action against them."

Something cold stabbed my gut at her words but I kept it from my expression. Even at this shocking revelation, something pulled my attention to the ceramic jars lining the walls.

"Indeed." Said Tamayo, noticing where I was looking. She walked to the jar closest to the shrine and knelt before it. "The legend goes that once upon a time a renowned potter had his family taken by a cruel daimyō and he was forced to make a beautiful set of porcelain to decorate his court in exchange for their freedom. When the deed was done, however, the daimyō revealed he never intended to give the potter his family back and that he had them killed on the first day, before cutting off the artist's hands so he could never grant his beautiful artwork to anybody else and leave him to die outside of his castle. The potter cursed the daimyō with his dying breath and his hatred and despair were absorbed by his work. By the morning, the daimyō and his entire family were found dead, their bodies shriveled husks, with all their blood located inside the set of cursed items that would be known as 'The Blood Devouring Urns." She swept her hands almost gently over the lit of the jar - no, the urn - before opening it.

The smell hit me like a physical force. A metallic, acidic, and slightly sweet scent so intense that it left my nose and nasal cavity tingling in its wake. A distinct noise also made itself present, a quiet, yet constant bubbling that reminded me off...

"It's boiling," I noted

Tamayo nodded over the open casket of boiling blood that almost seems to glow under the candlelight.

"It is its natural state. The boiling blood of our mistress..." She looked back at me, her cold gaze against the warm candlelight giving her an intimidating profile. "She is a Lady of Blood, and her blood is her power. Yet, despite knowing this, the Seishuuin clan defile the working of her beloved companions and interlaced this travesty into the workings of her seal, so they could siphon her power for themselves to use it for their own purpose."

Ugly feelings all the fuckin' around.

It took quite a bit for me to sort them out, but I didn't let any of them show on my unmoved expression.

"... Why tell me this?" I finally grunted out.

"Because you have asked, Ōe-sama." She said, simply. "You are our mistress' champion. Among us, you hold the highest position, you speak with her voice."

"That's not what I mean!" I run my hand across my stiff hairdo, letting my scowl appear for the first time. "I'm involved with the Seishuuin clan, or at least with Shiori- fuck, does Shiori knows about this!?" Tamayo deliberately did not answer, the look was enough. Goddamn it, Shiori! "Look, my point is Shiori never did me wrong, she always stepped out of her way to help me when I needed, always tried to work with me, and was always there when I needed her. As far as I know, we're allies. You? I don't know you. I don't know your people. Yet you're dropping that you have some grudge against Shiori's family and confessing that you are actively working against them." Something clicked right there, "The temple staff, you've infiltrated her place for work, her home--"

"We did not stop there. We are working to get people inside as many Seishuuin clan's holdings as we can." The crazy golem woman added in the middle of my rant.

"Thanks for another vital piece of information. Fuck!" I hissed out in frustration. "What I'm trying to say is what is stopping me from walking right up to Shiori and telling her all about the hidden threat to her family?"

"Nothing." She said, still infuriatingly calm.

"You won't even try to stop me!?"

"You are our mistress' champion." Again with this crap. "Moreover, if revealing this information was your intention, you would not be having this outburst, you'd have kept quiet until you left this place and then move to inform her. No matter what kind of emotional attachment you have to Seishuuin Shiori, now that you have seen our plight with your own eyes and heard our reasoning with your own ears, you will not cast judgment on either side until you have all the information surrounding the circumstances." She gave me a rather pretty smile. "Because, Ōe-sama, you are a good person."

I want to punch that smile out of her face.

I reeeally want to punch her. This fucking bitch! If Ranma was here she'd already been lodged halfway through the wall.

The thing is, I suspect she would happily take that, in fact, I think she'd be ok with whatever I decided to do to her, so it would only result in more frustration.

I turned back from her and her insufferable smile and fumed silently for a bit, before directing my tightly clenched fist that could bring down a building to the cave's wall instead.

Only for the ofuda papers present around that part to shine with an azure light and bounce by strike back in a way that almost threw off my balance. It did wonders for my mood.

It took a bit, but I eventually managed to cram everything inside my Poker Face mask and rein in my thoughts into something resembling rationality.

"All you did was admit to a threatening conspiracy. What exactly are you and your faction want to accomplish? Destroy the entire Seishuuin clan?"

Tamayo shook her head. "Nothing so drastic. Our primary objective is the infiltration of the Seishuuin family's archive inside their main household. Located there are the notes of Seishuuin Abe, the creator of the technique used to seal our mistress, it is what allowed his grandson and current family head Seishuuin Zouken to modify the seal to introduce these wretched things into it, so it is essential that we have it." Despite her tone she still moved with gentleness as she carefully put the lid back on the urn, completely sealing at signs of the brilliant boiling blood inside I noted. "We shall study the notes and find some way to safely remove the cursed set, after that, we intent to destroy both the notes and the Blood Devouring Urns."

I considered that for a moment. "... That's it? No roaring rampage of revenge?"

"The assassination of Seishuuin Zouken and his son and heir Seishuuin Akehiro is our secondary objective. They have both read the notes and have the ability to work with the inner working of the seal, we cannot abide their continuing existence."

Right, I had to ask.

I pitched the bridge of my nose, too fucking early for a headache. "Not Shiori?"

"Seishuuin Shiori was never part of the line of succession and her relationship with her clan had been strained ever since Seishuuin Ena has born, it is unlikely she had access to the family's archive and secret knowledge. So no, our objective is her father and her older brother, we do not indent to bring harm upon her."

'As long as she doesn't get in our way' was left unsaid, but considering that they were talking of her father and brother...

Fucking hell.

I took a long breath, and let it out again.

"What I still don't get is what am I doing here? I get you're laying all this on me because I asked about it, but why even bring me here in the first place? You could have simply ignored me and I wouldn't even know this was happening... Don't tell me you want my help with that."

"No." She denied. "No, it's... for a completely different reason."

Tamayo stood back and turned to fully face me, if anything she looked even more serious than before.

"Ōe-sama, you and Saotome-sama... You spoke with our mistress, didn't you?" Her voice started to falter. "I...Is she well?"

…

What?

The shift in the subject was so abrupt that it took me a moment to process.

"Excuse me?"

"Ah, I apologize for my flimsy way of putting it... It's just..." I could see that now I wasn't the one having trouble keeping composure up. "It is true that there were some voices among us that promoted for your ignorance as we cannot keep reasonable information from you, so there was a risk, but you spoke with our mistress, we have a chance to verify... Our mistress, she was in so much pain when she was sealed. If we think back, we, I, can still feel... echoes of it." Her hand went up and clenched tightly over her chest. "A great chasm inside our hearts, growing ever wider, the world growing dark and cold and desolated, the light being snuffed away bit by bit, and the pain, oh the pain." Tamayo shook her head, unlike before when it was a measured gesture meant to punctuate a conversation this was a wild shake that dislodged some hair out of her bun, as if she was pulling her thoughts from a very bad place. "It is our clearest memory of that time, or first one, and it was just a fragment of what she'd experienced. The thought of her being locked on that stage all this time... We need to know if she's alright."

What the hell? What the hell happened? She was calmly talking about murderous conspiracies a moment ago, getting me all riled up and everything, now it's like she flipped.

"You... She..." I let out a long sigh. "Nezuko's fine, not in pain or anything. She built herself a little mental space thing." I thought back at the place Ranma, I, and Nezuko had our conversation. Big, but impossible to tell if it was a mansion or a big rural house. Not ostentatious but made from high-quality materials. Very nice view. "It's cozy."

And she was lonely, so much so that even Ranma who wasn't the best with social stuff was able to catch that, deep, painfully lonely. but looking at Tamayo's face brightening in a way that was more like a happy child than a proper Japanese lady, I decided to not share that.

"That's... oh thank goodness..." Tamayo breathed out, she fought to regain her lost composure but... You know those people that carry a great weight in their lives for a very long time and then the problem gets solved and they just sag? Yeah, the golem woman looked like she would fall at the slightest breeze.

"You don't even care about what we talked about, do you?"

She opened a big, brilliant smile. "It would be lovely to know. However--"

"It wasn't your priority," I spoke. "And... and you trusted me to see whatever it is done."

"You're our mistress chosen-"

"Champion, yeah got it." I brought my inventory screen over my palm and let the scroll case containing Nezuko's letter fall into it. Tamayo's eyes widened at the sight. "She wrote a letter, no idea how she did that in her sealed state." Probably a blood construct now that I think about it. "Tasked me to deliver to the yokai Tōtōsai and then come back to the temple and activate the 'favor' she put in me." I raised my other hand palms forwards and did just that. The mark was a small Japanese family crest you usually see in contract stamps - probably the Kamado's family crest as it looks a bit like a rising sun – that's the thing that literally marks me as Nezuko's champion and supposedly opens some doors in the supernatural community, but I hadn't had the opportunity to test that yet. "She'd said she would do the rest." Part of me was expecting that we would be whisked away to Nezuko's mindscape right then and there, that would be an interesting development. But alas it didn't happen, maybe I need to be asleep like before.

Tamayo's reaction was not what I expected.

Her already wide eyes grew even more and... acquired a devasted look. Her shoulders shot back up, a trembling hand raising over her mouth.

"Oh, oh dear." She turned her haunted gaze to the floor. Taking a step back. Her other hand was over her stomach, and she was threatening to fold like she was feeling sick. "My mistress... Oh no, no, no--"

"What!?" I asked sharply. Mostly to bring her out of whatever spiral she was falling under. It appears to have worked as she snapped her gaze back to me, remembering that I was there.

"My apologies, Ōe-sama." She straightened herself, body still trembling, and looked at me with despairing eyes. She had to blink away a few tears to continue. "Your quest... Our mistress quest... is impossible to accomplish... T-Ten years ago there was an incident. Lord Tōtōsai, the great blacksmith, whom mistress once regard as family, was assassinated... So, it's... Oh, she doesn't know that, oh mistress."

…

...

Err.

This is awkward.

"Yeah that's." Fuck, who do I put this? "Incorrect?" I spoke like a question. Man, I don't know what is worse, having to deal with a crying woman or one doing everything she can not to.

She kept looking at me at the edge of her breakdown, the first emotion in her eyes was incredulity. I didn't give that time to become anything else and quickly added. "I personally met Tōtōsai a couple of weeks ago. Guy's not dead."

She blinked at me; her eyes blank. I went on, waving my hand over the area behind my head. "He had this elongated skull and eyes so sunken I couldn't see them; he looked ancient as hell and had the grumpiness to match. He also had this really big cow yokai called Mō-Mō with him, which is a great name for a cow by the way. Look I'm not making this up, I swear I really met the guy."

Tamayo collapsed.

"Ah shit."

Thankfully, she didn't topple over unconscious. She just completely lost the strength in her legs and fell to her knees. I instinctively lean in to help her but held myself back at the last moment.

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's just. I-I-It's the first expressed wish of our mistress and, and we thought couldn't, but then we could. And I don't know what came over me. T-This isn't proper." The disheveled woman just sobbed and sobbed, speaking a rapid stream of words that was steadily deteriorating into nonsense.

I really put her through a rollercoaster, hm.

I tried comforting her by crouching near her and patting her back, but eventually said fuck it all the Japanese social standards like a proper delinquent and held her anyway. She went stiff at first but then pressed her face on my shirt and continued to cry, her fingers gripping my clothes wherever she could reach.

So we just sat there on the ground in front of Nezuko's shrine and waited for her emotions to settle. Meanwhile, I had time to really think about this... really tiring conversation.

She could be lying. I told myself. She had already proved she was capable and willing to manipulate me by playing with my heartstrings. This could be a ploy of her to get some sympathy, to draw me to her faction side in this conflict they want to wage against the Seishuuin.

Yet I don't think she is. That's what my gut is telling me. She gives out the impression of a noble woman or at least a woman of high social status, I've met dozens of them, Hiroshi has met dozens of them. Due to my upbringing, I could recognize them on sight and knew how they were supposed to act.

A woman like that isn't, shouldn't be fazed this easily, not by a rude delinquent boy she'd met for the first time, it was unthinkable. No, it wasn't me or my conversation skills that rip her defenses to shred, it was the topic, her mistress. Each time the focus came to Nezuko, she was incapable of keeping her composure up.

Almost like... a lost little girl, yearning for her mother...

She would not lie to Nezuko's champion, period.

… Are all the golems like that, I wonder? The reaction from the miko golem from before seems to match, but that's beyond the point.

"You do realize..." I began, after we politely separated, though we remained sitting on the floor. "That if I don't tell Shiori about the imminent danger to her father and brother's lives, I would be deeply betraying her trust."

Tamayo wiped her last set of tears and began fixing her bun, looking steadier and in control.

"Do what you believe you must, Ōe-sama, but know that we will be gone by the time you reach her. Our plans will be modified accordingly and we shall strike at another opportunity." She turned to face me, looking almost completely put together.

"Can I ask you to stop what you doing and go back to how you were, just passively tending to the shrine?"

"That is impossible, Ōe-sama. It was our negligence and conceitedness that allowed our mistress' seal to be tampered with. We will not make this mistake ever again." She bowed her head. "We shall give your due respect and obedience as our mistress' champion, but her safety and wellbeing are paramount, even above your direct commands."

"How about a compromise between the two parties? Maybe if you explain your side..."

"That would require the Seishuuin clan to be made aware of our existence, and maybe a meeting face to face. We have mighty warriors among our ranks but are few in number and are alone in this world, while the Seishuuin clan has many powerful friends and old martial alliances, we would be negotiating from a position of extreme weakness, and even if a pact could be reached between us, I fear Seishuuin Zouken would only use this opportunity to prepare his forces for a future betrayal. That man holds none of the character and honor of his father and grandfather."

No use, huh?

I looked around, trying to find ideas, and my eyes landed on the closest thing to me; an urn.

"You implied that Nezuko's health is in danger, can you tell me how exactly? Is it the urn's ability?"

Tamayo shook her head. "The urns' effect isn't the problem- the deep insult of having our mistress' blood being harvested like bound cattle aside. It is impossible for these urns to steal all our mistress' power, just like it is impossible to empty an ocean with a sake cup. The problem is the items' miasma." At my confused look, she explained. "A true cursed object will emanate a special kind of spiritual energy, one that has been tainted by the dark deeds and emotions that went into its creation. This energy only grows more intense as the object starts targeting others, with the injuries and deaths they cause fueling them with more emotions and oftentimes trapped souls, making them able to perpetuate further atrocities, creating a vicious circle." She gazed at the urns. "Just being close to a cursed object without even needing to feel or being targeted by its effects is enough to have some miasma slip into oneself. The symptoms are slow to appear, mostly just promoting dark moods, and lowering moral inhibitions, but if left to fester, it will corrupt someone at their deepest level, twist their mind, darken their heart, mutilate their souls, and even mutate their bodies in some truly extreme cases, and that's from just being around them." She pointed a finger at the complex layering of ofuda papers around the urns, and then slowly trailed towards the ones covering the shrine's surroundings. "These are tied directly to our mistress' seal; she's being constantly bathed by it."

My mouth clicked close. Okay, that sounded... really bad. And again, I'm reminded that Shiori knew about this, so again; What the fuck Shiori!?

"... But was fine, when I spoke to her, I mean, I didn't see or felt any sigh of corruption nor did she act like something was enhancing her dark emotions," I added.

It was a flimsy thing at best, as I'm not a specialist on the matter, in fact, given that I'd just learned what miasma was, I'd say I could be talking off my ass.

Yet Tamayo gave me a dazzling smile all the same.

"There is no word in all the language that exists, has existed, and will exist that expresses how relieved I am to hear that, Ōe-sama. Thank you."

Right, I... Fuck, I'm weak to this type of earnestness, I need to move on or I'll get distracted again.

"The blood, they collect it right? Do you know what they do with it?"

"This is another delicate matter," Tamayo explained. "We know it is used as magical reagents and as fuel to power some ancient barriers and defense wards across the clan's territories, but there are a lot that we weren't able to track, and the possibilities are worrying, including but not limited to the deliberate creation of Oni, a bloodthirsty creature our mistress dedicated her life to exterminate. The thought of her own blood being used to create more of them is appalling on a deep level..." The woman grew noticeably stiffer at the possibility. "... Yet their population does appear to have increased since the introduction of the Blood Devouring Urns a year ago."

Ok. Holy fuck. That's big.

Also, it confirms that the Oni from Demon Slayer are still a thing in modern times. I'm pretty sure they managed to stop them at the end of the manga, going by what I read from internet forums. Oh, and apparently Nezuko's blood can make more of them.

"Best not to dwell too much in unconfirmed possibilities." Tamayo decided. I felt like this was something that she tells herself often. I know because I'm the same way with Taimanin stuff.

"Agree," I said, closing my eyes.

I leaned my head back and let out another sigh. Not many directions I could take from here.

It would be so much, so much easier if I knew what were Shiori's feelings towards the rest of her family, if her apparently 'strained' father and brother were a pair of unredeemable pieces of shit she wouldn't mind seeing dead. I could wipe my hands off all of this, now that I understood the blood golems' reasons, I'd be happy to step back and see where the chips would lay. But as things are, Shiori and maybe Ena are sure to be affected. I cannot, I will not betray them.

But I also can not dismiss the golems' concern.

So… a third option, my last card.

"Would you be willing to momentarily stop your plans until we could find out what Nezuko's options on the matters are?"

… Apparently, the proposition of consulting with the mistress herself wasn't even crossed Tamayo's mind, given the wide eyes and slightly slacker jaw. Understandable, as they had no way to contact her. I, however, did.

So, I pressed on. "I will deliver Nezuko's letter to Tōtōsai. Heck, if we're really lucky the letter itself will contain some magical solutions to this whole debacle, but even if it doesn't, I've been instructed to come back here and activate her favor, she'd told me that she'd do the rest; the implication was that she will do what she did on that day, she will pull me up for another chat." I crossed my arms. "How about I use the opportunity to tell her about what is happening, heard what she has to say on this matter? She at least should have a say in this since it's all about her. Plus, it would give you guys the opportunity to act under her direction again."

"That's… Our mistress can…" Tamayo began before she visibly restrained herself the best she could, trying to focus on remaining objective. "Lord Tōtōsai... he had managed to keep the fact that he's alive from the wider public for a decade now, he won't be easy to track down."

"I know the exact location he will show up two weeks from now." I brandished Nezuko's scroll case. "I will deliver the letter; you can trust me on that. Afterward, I just need a day or two to come back here and talk to her."
The woman was silent for a few, long, stretched-out moments, as she considered. Before finally. "… Two weeks from now, you say?"

"Give or take a few days."

"… To act under mistress' orders, it... it would be invaluable." Tamayo drew in and let out a long breath. "Very well, Ōe-sama. We shall make no moves against the Seishuuin clan while you fulfill our mistress' task, and afterward, we will consider whatever further development you bring."

My shoulders dropped a bit with the wave of relief I felt. But I knew enough about courteous, good-faith negotiations to know that I must give her something in return.

"And until my task is finished." My hands clenched into fists, but I already made up my mind. "I'll keep what I learn here to myself, and involve no one else in this."

A compromise to stall things. On some level I knew it was a good choice, Nezuko does deserves to know now that informing her is possible. She has the right to weigh in before anything happens. Yet, it still feels like the coward's option, and it left the miasma situation unaddressed. I could only hope those 'slow to appear' effects won't show up in the next two weeks.

… And it gives me a deadline of two weeks to deal with the Ragnarok-Cardians situation before another problem pops up. I slammed a hand over my face too much of Tamayo's surprise and let out a long, drawn-out groan.

First delinquents with monsters. Now underground conspiracies against an ancient clan. How the fuck do I keep getting myself in these situations?

"Ōe-sama?"

"I'm fine." I lied masterfully and rose to my feet, making sure to slide Nezuko's letter back into my inventory. "I have to go now; I have lots to do." Lots, lots to do.

"Very well." The woman bowed, but I was already walking away and didn't look back. "Until we meet each other again, Ōe-sama." I heard her saying in a polite tone.

I almost didn't hear the following words that echoed quietly while I was further along the corridor.

"Thank you. Thank you so, so much..."

I draw in a breath and continued to walk, this time with surer steps.

Crap, I really need to develop some defenses against beautiful, older women.

…

…

And the way to the upper Temple was a five minutes walk on a completely straight line. Motherfuckers aren't even trying to hide they are messing with the corridors anymore.



A/Note: Like I say the idea was to present another situation and then go immediately back to the current arc, but it grew to big, I decided to post it anyway as it own chapter because it's been a while without content and I wanted to give you something. Next part we will go back into focus with a more dynamic action filled chapter with Ranma,and the NWC, and Shampoo, and Ryōzanpaku, and Oh my!

Anyway it seems I can't go a chapter without waifu pics so here is this chapter waifu.

Blood Golen Tamayo:

Spoiler: pic
Spoiler: pic 2
Spoiler: pic 3
Last edited: Jun 5, 2023
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sidrakil, Skybrain, ARedpanda101 and 1,151 others
Adudefromthesea
May 31, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22 New
View content
Adudefromthesea
Adudefromthesea
(Verified Dude)
JoinedFeb 14, 2016
Messages6,501
Likes received191,955
Nov 24, 2025
Add bookmark
#22,024
Thank you @SebazuD, for your unwavering support these last two years that helped me get me out of my slump.


View: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W78pgth1WMg

But seriously, sorry to keep you waiting.


Chapter 22








The air of delinquency around the NWC HQ was particularly intense today.

By that I mean that delinquents were being used as part of the decoration.

"I see you guys have caused a diplomatic incident," I remarked.

A chorus of pained groans and pitiful whines greeted me back. I gave a low whistle and took a look around the base's front ward. For every delinquent lying face-down on the ground, there's another perched funnily on top of one of the yard's weird prompts. Some were draped over the flamingos, some were crushed under a pile of garden gnomes, three were slowly rotating around by the roof of the gazebo – which could apparently rotate for some ungodly reason - and one unfortunate soul was half-hanging out of a second-floor window, limp as a rag, his upper body dangling into the open air.

Alright then

I reached down without even looking and snatched a soft drink from the vending machine that had always been at my side and definitely didn't just materialize right now.

Snapping it open, I called out.

"Touji!"

"Yes, Aniki!" came the dutiful reply from the rotating gazebo. The boy threw a salute from his upside-down position, blood trickling down his forehead.

"You didn't see my message, did you?"

"… Message, sir?"

"The message I stuck on the front door yesterday. Big sign, large friendly letters, explained the situation surrounding our guest. Look, I can see it from here."

I lifted the tip of my baseball bat from the ground and pointed. Sure enough, the sign was still there, bright and cheerful as ever.

Not the most efficient way to deliver a message, sure, but it's not like these guys have cell phones.

"Err… sorry, Aniki!" Touji said, his voice shrinking a little. The gazebo made another slow turn before his upside-down face came back into view. "We thought the Chinese were attacking!"

"Well, I can't criticize your sense of patriotism now, can I? Where is she anyway?"

As if in answer, a loud metallic screech tore through the air. The rooftop railing above bent outward like tinfoil, and an AC unit teetered for a second before plunging toward us.

I twirled my bat into a proper grip, stepped forward, and swung.

The impact cracked the air. The AC unit shot off to the side like a cannonball, ricocheted off the ground with a deafening clang, and slammed into the outer wall, missing any of my boys.

"Nevermind, I think I got the hint." I twirled the bat once more. "Touji, get anyone who can still stand out to the yard. Drag the rest. I'll patch you guys up after I deal with this."

I crouched, feeling the muscles in my thighs and calves coil like loaded springs. Then I launched myself upward faster and farther than any normal person should manage.

I still can't help feeling a flash of exhilaration each time I casually do superhuman stuff like that - At least when things are calm enough for me to think about. Striking AC units out of the air with a baseball bat, jumping over buildings... those were great ways to take your mind off heavy, stressful subjects, like an underground race of clone people plotting the demise of your close allies.

My first stop was the guy half hanging from the second-floor window. After making sure he was alive and with all limbs attached, I pushed him back inside. Then I hopped back up and finally got to the roof and around the loud noises of the ongoing battle.

Surprisingly enough, it wasn't Ranma vs Shampoo like I was expecting.

Oh, Shampoo was fighting, her silk outfit torn in a few spots, skin glistening with sweat, face locked in that razor-sharp look of concentration. The girl was clearly in combat mode. But her opponent? None other than Haruka!

My kohai was battered, bloodied, panting like a wounded animal, and with her brand new NWC uniform noticeably ragged, but she was still standing tall and throwing punches against Ranma's strongest fiancé.

God damn!

Sure, she had backup; Hachiro and Gojiro, both NWC captains, both in a similar state of disrepair as they work to tag team the stronger amazon. But still, God Damn!

Gojiro, wielding a long wooden table like a club, bellowed out a battle cry while he swung it wildly around, forcing Shampoo back several steps, while also distracting her from the flaking Hachiro, who was coming fast from behind, ready to use that bastardized savate style of his to deliver a couple of debilitating kicks on her hips and legs. But at the last second, the Amazon spun her massive Chuí - Rin told me that's what those wrecking-ball-on-a-stick things are called - in a blur. One intercepted Hachiro's kick mid-air, while the other smashed upward into Gojiro's table, splintering it with a deafening crack.

Both delinquents were sent flying, Gojiro tumbling backward, Hachiro clutching his leg in pain, just in time for Haruka to rejoin the fray.

She darted in low, feinting a strike, then used her momentum to roll past Shampoo's thrusting Chuí, springing upward into a whirling midair kick; a move I was certain came straight out of Ranma's usual arsenal.

When the hell did she learn that? I'm pretty sure she was still in the body-conditioning phase of her training; the Tendos shouldn't have taught her anything other than exercise regimes and maybe a set of starting kata, and they sure as hell wouldn't have taught her Ranma's moves, as he's from a different branch of Anything Goes altogether.

Watching my kohai and the Amazon go at it, I couldn't help but feel a stab of guilt. I really didn't know Haruka's true abilities, did I? Oh, I knew the overview, the stuff she or others told me. I knew she was getting stronger. But I never really took the time to check on her progress, or even spar with her. There was always something else more important, some sudden crisis or random chaos. I pointed her toward the places that could help her, but I never put in the effort myself. Like I was just dumping her on other people…

Fuck, all that underground clone conspiracy is getting me moody, I'll just do better for now on.

Haruka lost the fight, naturally, which might have been for the best. I really didn't want to deal with another Kiss of Death situation. It's worth noting she didn't use any wooden sword or try to channel the skills of her past life. She used only her fists.

And that's why I didn't step in until the fight was over. She had something to prove.

"Peace," I said in marginally better Chinese. Shampoo thrust one of her Chuí in my direction, eyes full of suspicion. "I assume they attacked you first?"

"Yes." She spoke with surprisingly little hostility, maybe because fighting put her in a good mood, like Ranma. "Who are they?"

"My subordinates. They missed a message I put out about you and thought you were an intruder."

Shampoo lowered her weapon and let out a huff. "Five of them are almost acceptable. The rest are trash."

I grinned. "Ah, but they only started learning how to truly fight in the last couple of weeks."

The Amazon's eyebrows shot up, and I turned to address the rest.

"Still alive, maggots!?" I cried out, and a couple of maggot-like groans answered back. Nezumi, one of my captains, poked his head out from a concealed nook, something that looked suspiciously like a grenade clutched in his hands. "Good! Y'all missed the sign."

"I… saw it," Haruka wheezed as she pushed herself upright with jerky movements. She picked up the bamboo sword that had been strapped to her back and used it as a cane to get the rest of the way up. "But the fight had already started… so I had to back them up…"

Cute. I don't doubt she was telling the truth, but she was also obviously trying to prove herself. Maybe sitting through a meeting full of people her age who were stronger than her had rattled her. I made a mental note to put her in situations where she could pick up a few W's soon.

"Nice, so if you're wondering what that sign was all about, this here is Shampoo, an Amazon, that is; a warrior woman, from China, she's going to be our guest in the HQ for a couple of days." I glanced at Gojiro and Hachiro as they staggered to their feet, while Nezumi hurried toward me, nervously clutching his grenade-thing like his life depended on it.

I barely acknowledged it. I just plucked it out of his hands and tossed it over my shoulder with enough force that it would probably hit orbit.

An explosion cracked through the air behind me. For a moment, sunlight was replaced by a toxic, emerald blaze that washed over the whole region. A sound like the wailing of dying souls tore through the air, followed by a brief whoosh, as if everything had been sucked into a single point, before the world snapped back to normal.

I suppressed any reaction and kept speaking, completely disregarding the spectacle. "So, here's what I want you to do now—" Everyone was staring slack-jawed at the sky, so I clapped my hands hard enough to make the air crack. "Pay attention, plebs! And repeat this sentence in Chinese!"

You gotta love Nerima delinquents and their ability to roll with this kind of insanity. Within moments, Haruka and my captains were giving Shampoo a martial bow and shouting, "Thank you for your guidance, senior sister!" in Chinese. Meanwhile, the Amazon kept switching between staring incredulously at the sky and gawking at the group of defeated opponents who had suddenly gone full xianxia on her.

I nodded and cast Cura, patching up most of their injuries. Not all of them, of course, fights like these are supposed to leave a mark. Once they were steady enough, I rallied the group and headed downstairs to find the others, somehow dragging Shampoo along to help haul any prone delinquents in the building out to the front yard. When we were all there, I summoned Falion, and we got to healing.

Fun fact: you don't actually need to pet Falion for her healing to work; you just need physical contact. The naughty kitty has been tricking us this whole time just to get extra pets. The psychedelic side effects still remain, though.

While I was working, the story about Shampoo spread, and a few other delinquents did the martial bow and said the words, until someone asked me what it meant, and I said it was 'Basically, thanks Aneki'. After that, everyone started enthusiastically bowing at Shampoo and thanking her for her guidance. The Amazon looked adorably confused, and even a little touched. She even started bowing back.

After that, things finally settled down a bit. Shampoo's stomach let out a loud, anime growl - much to her embarrassment - which immediately triggered a chain reaction of growling stomachs among a few delinquents. A couple of runners were sent to grab food from the nearby restaurants. The owners were… not exactly thrilled when we moved in, at least until they noticed that my boys and I were actually pretty great customers, if a bit rambunctious. Now, we're regulars at pretty much every grub stop on the block.

Soon enough, an impromptu picnic erupted in the front yard, with Shampoo seated as an honored guest, partly because she was a badass fighter, and partly because she was a cute girl.

She… actually teared up a little as she wolfed down every plate handed to her. Wait, has she been eating properly? Like, was this the first real meal she's had since coming to Japan? I don't want to believe that, but I also know how martial artists can get when they're laser-focused on fulfilling a mission they set for themselves.

"Already listen up, I have news!" I called out when the feast slowed down.

Seeing as all the NWC members were here except for Ranma, I went about retelling the information events of yesterday.

As expected, the news sends a ripple of unease through them.

"Monsters!? In Ragnarok!"

"Like the damn Kappa!"

"Oi, Oi, Oi, that sounds really bad!"

"Suzuran got trashed!? But those guys were legendary!"

"There's more," I cut in before the panic could build. "Some of the Eight Fists split apart when the event happened. Turns out people don't take too kindly to you bringing a monster to a delinquent fight." There were nods all around. "I bet there are others who still want to jump ship but are looking for a better moment, considering the ones who bailed right away got the beatdown of their lives. Their leadership is pretty fragile now. And the monsters are all centered around someone named Frigg. If you take her down, every monster goes down with her."

I let them chew on that for a moment.

"Wait, aniki, so we're going on the attack!?" Touji blurted, and that set everyone else off instantly.

"We're going to fight!? YOSH!"

"OUOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

"Showdown! SHOWDOWN!"

"We're going to cover the streets! I'll bring my best pipe!"

"NWC is on the offensive!"

"We're the strongest!"

"With Aniki, Ranma-chan, and nee-chan! We're invincible!"

"Fool! I told you Ranma-nii is a man!"

"SHE'S A GIRL IN MY HEART!"

At some point, you just gotta love these motherfucker. They went from being shocked by monsters to wanting to fight them just because it fits their idea of an epic delinquent showdown. Then again, they've been pretty desensitized to punching the supernatural after all the slimes, Kappa, and the random small yokai that they had to deal with.

"Pipe down, you idiots!" I yelled, forcing the room quiet again. "We're not going in half-cocked. We need an actual plan of attack. And we'll be coordinating with some allies.

"Ouohhhhhh!" Touji suddenly shot up, then froze when he realized everyone, including me, was staring at him. "Sorry, I mean, Aniki! Does that mean we'll be part of the assembly!?

"Yo! An assembly!"

"There's one happening!?"

"Of course that would be idiot, Ragnarok's been a torn on everybody's side for too long!"

"NWC will declare itself! Finally!"

Not exactly what I meant, but that was another subject I was going to get. Still…

"I'm surprised you know," I said. Rin told me the invitations went out yesterday, and we weren't included since we've been turtling.

"Some of the Vipers' boys told me!" He grinned. "Old Aniki will be there!

"OUOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

"Old Aniki!"

"Old Aniki!"

"Does that mean he'll meet Aniki!?"

"M-Metting of Legends!"

"AN HISTORICAL MOMENT!"

"I'M SO GLAD TO BE BORN IN THIS ERA!"

"OUOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

"OUOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

Alright. The peanut gallery is starting to get out of hand.

"SHUT UP!" I kindly told them.

When they finally piped down, I looked at Touji again and nodded. "Yeah, that's the plan. We'll fortify for the next three days, then we'll go to this meeting and see what comes out of it. But regardless of the result, we're assaulting Ragnarok."

I grinned at the rest. "Time to finally put your training into action."

Silence…

"Now is the time you can shout, you fucking idiots."

All the trembling delinquents stopped holding back and erupted into a loud, deafening roar.

I could feel Haruka's eyes piercing into me. I looked her way and gestured that I'd explain later. That seemed to satisfy her.

She was thinking about the Ryōzanpaku training offer, of course, something I'd decided to keep secret for now. The reason is simple: I still don't know how it's supposed to work. Would they really be willing to train every single member of the NWC for the upcoming fight? Or just an elite group; us, the NWC captains, plus Kenichi and his crew? Logic dictates the more you divide their attention, the worse the overall result… but those guys are grandmasters powered by pure muscle and anime bullshit. Who knows what they're capable of?

I intend to nail down the details today, since we couldn't do it yesterday with half our people injured and ready to drop. Depending on their answer, I'll decide what to do with the rest of the guys.

For now, they'll continue to have Minon as a drill instructor and keep gaining experience fighting monsters in my Illusion Barrier. I wouldn't bet on them against any Cardian yet, but against Ragnarok's mooks? They'd wipe the floor with them.

"So, has anybody seen Ranma?" I asked once the atmosphere finally relaxed into something more casual after the meeting.

Shampoo, who'd been following the conversation but probably understanding only a third of it, perked up the moment she heard Ranma's name.

"No sign of him today," Haruka told me. "But that's not exactly rare."

True. Just because we're friends doesn't mean we're attached at the hip at all times. He's got his own branch of chaos to deal with; sometimes I get involved, sometimes I only see the fallout. Same with him and my own messes. And lately he's been going somewhere to train new skills, just like I've been visiting Lucretia to learn magic.

Still… after the meeting with Ryōzanpaku yesterday, I had the impression we'd be meeting today to talk things over.

… And I had… not exactly a bad feeling, but something that told me trouble was brewing. So, I closed my eyes, put my hands into a handsign, and checked my shikigami network.

A cluster of still, colorless, often blurry images bloomed in my mind. It had been overwhelming the first few times I used it, but now I could handle it, though I really need to invest in making better shikigami. So much crap I have to do.

A collective view of the entire Nerima District formed in my head like a jigsaw puzzle made of frozen snapshots. I instantly forgot most of them, zeroing in only on where a certain pigtail martial artist could be…

Ah.

That is… a thing that is happening.

I sighed, which made both Haruka and Touji look over. "It's not trouble, exactly…" It was a bit of trouble, considering the amount of property damage that was going on. Akukin Construction Company will throw another party. "Just the kind of crap that comes with emotional baggage." I looked at the middle-aged-looking middle schooler. "Touji, you stay here and oversee today's training. I want you all putting in double the effort. Haruka, you're coming no matter what I say, right?"

My kōhai gave me one of her cool-ass smirks. "You know me, senpai."

"Ranma!" Shampoo suddenly cuts in, "Ranma, I go!"

I gave the Amazon a hard look. It threw her off a bit since I've been polite for… pretty much all the times we interacted.

"Will you try to fight him?"

The purplenette frowned, her fist tightening on her sides, but soon, her shoulders slumped. She formed a hand sign and gave me a bow.

"This Amazon will respect her honorable host. She will not fight his allies for as long as he gives her shelter. This Shan Pu promises on her honor."

An honor promise, I fought to keep my face set in a hard expression and not let my eyebrow rise. That was more than I was expecting.

I nodded, "Then, you may accompany us."

Haruka was watching us closely. Suddenly, she let out a hum.

"That was some kind of oath, right?" She asked.

I froze. "Hold on… You know Chinese!"

"Ah - I mean, no? I just heard you guys speaking yesterday, so I got curious and bought some manuals on my way home. Also, I'm pretty sure that's not normal Mandarin. Not like in the books, at least."

… She got all of that in a day.

Scratch that. A single night.

I mean, I can absorb books instantly, but I'm a dirty cheater who cheats.

"… That kick, that you used in your fight. Did Ranma teach you that?" I asked the question that had been bothering me.

My kohai blushed, blushed. "Hm, no, I just kinda, pick it up?"

Okay, what the fuck. Where the hell are these heaven-defying geniuses coming from? I'm pretty sure she couldn't do that before. At least not at that level.

Oh right, she's a girl whose death could trigger the end of the world. I really should look that up when I have the time.

For now…

"So, you're picking up Chinese in record time. Does it have anything to do with being able to communicate with the cute, buxom Chinese beauty who just fell into our lives?"

Her startled yelp and the flurry of kicks that followed - accompanied by loud protests - told me I was right on the money.

Hehehe, cute kohai is cute.

-0-0-0-​

It was obvious to anyone who had watched the anime that Hibiki Ryoga was Ranma's true rival.

Sure, Ranma had two others, Kuno and Mousse, each vying for a different fiancée, but they were essentially gag characters, present more to push the episodic plot forward or set up comedic moments than to pose any real challenge. Ryoga had some elements of that too, but no other rival received as much development as he did. He was the only one with entire arcs dedicated solely to him, showing how he trained, struggled, and grew stronger, occasionally even becoming a credible threat to Ranma, even if only momentarily.

There were even arcs where the two didn't fight at all, allowing the audience to see the bond between them, a competitive one, yes, but unmistakably real. Ryoga is often portrayed less as an obstacle for Ranma to overcome and more as a true peer.

And when a peer of Saotome Ranma goes completely mad, it is noticeable.

My kohai let out a shaky breath beside me. Even Shampoo tensed at the sight

I just let out a long sigh.

"It's too much," I murmured, looking around at the devastation. "Even for our usual standards."

I could trace exactly where it started. At the corner of an otherwise quiet residential street, the asphalt had been blown open as though someone had driven a fist straight through it. Manhole covers lay twisted aside like discarded tin lids. A row of bicycles had been bent into modern art sculptures by the sheer shockwave of the Lost Boy's punch.

A nearby mailbox had been flattened against a garden wall, its metal smeared outward in a warped fan shape, as if something had ricocheted off it with unstoppable force. The nearest house bore a crater punched clean into its outer wall, fragments of siding scattered across the lawn; a single sliding door hung off its track, still rattling from the last tremor. A roadside shrine had been reduced to splinters, its stone base split clean down the middle; the offering box lay overturned in the street, coins scattered everywhere like shrapnel from the impact.

From there, the trail carved a straight line into the shopping district. Crater-like depressions dotted the road where Ryoga had landed from impossible leaps, each impact shattering storefront windows in widening rings. A ramen stand lay on its side, wheeled stools scattered across the street as if they'd tried to flee. Several shops had lost entire display walls where one of the fighters had been blasted clean through.

And the chase only escalated from there.

A set of newspaper stands lay overturned across the sidewalk, their metal frames twisted inward as though something had gripped them in passing and squeezed without slowing down. Flyers and tabloid sheets drifted through the air like startled birds, still settling from the force of the shockwaves. A small intersection farther up looked as if it had been struck by a localized earthquake. Traffic lines were warped into jagged stripes, and an entire section of curb had been ripped clean away, lying upside-down in the middle of the road with its rebar exposed like snapped bone. An abandoned taxi rested half-submerged in a fresh trench gouged across the asphalt, its rear wheels spinning lazily as the engine sputtered in protest. The driver's seat sat empty, the door left swinging open, a testament to how quickly the driver had bolted.

A parked delivery truck had been caved in from above, its roof crushed into a deep "V." Light poles leaned drunkenly at forty-five degrees, wires sparking where Ryoga's umbrella had sliced through them in a furious backswing. Even the vending machines hadn't been spared: several lay toppled, one embedded halfway into a remaining wall like some bizarre offering to the gods of collateral damage.

Finally, and perhaps fittingly, the destruction was funneled into a vast, vacant lot bordering the residential blocks, the same type that should have been the site of their first duel.

Dust clouds roiled so thickly that the boundary between ground and sky blurred. The earth was cratered like a battlefield, still steaming from the last exchange. Each blow from within the haze detonated with the sharp, concussive crack of a missile strike; shockwaves punched outward, rattling windows as far as the neighboring district.

Explosive flashes lit the murk, Ryoga's fury and Ranma's counters colliding with enough force to make the weeds along the chain-link fence ripple like grass before a storm. Every second, another blast erupted upward, a geyser of force flinging dirt and shattered concrete high into the air.

The fight had been contained, yes… but only just.

And in the center of the lot, beyond the roaring dust and the thunderclap impacts, Hibiki Ryoga fought like someone for whom the world had ended, and the one responsible was right in front of him, his voice breaking into mad screams that carried a grief sharp enough to split stone, as if that excused turning the neighborhood into his personal therapy crater.

The only silver lining in this disaster was that the chaos left no victims: Nerima's citizens had long developed an acute instinct for the local brand of mayhem and cleared out the moment the first shockwave started booming.

As we drew closer and my Battle Eye skill sharpened the chaos into something readable, I finally got a clear look at them and at their injuries.

Ryoga… looked almost undead. His shirt had been torn away entirely, leaving only his shredded pants hanging on, clearly displaying his unnaturally pale skin, with blood gushing from several wounds. A tapestry of sickly purple and yellow bruises that told the whole story of the fight so far. These weren't the usual blows or slapstick impacts Nerima was used to. Each one was a clean, debilitating strike, precision hits meant to shut someone down fast. And yet the Lost Boy had kept going, hurling himself back into the fray like the pain had never even reached him.

I could see Ranma's logic as clearly as if he'd whispered it to me. The moment he realized Ryoga was past reason, past the point where this was just another fight, he tried to stop him. When that failed, and the destruction only spread, he started escalating, each counterstrike growing harder, sharper, more vicious… not to win, but to end this before Ryoga tore the whole district apart.

Yet he still kept going.

Ranma wasn't in as bad a shape as Ryoga, but that didn't mean he'd come out unscathed. His shirt was ragged, hanging in uneven strips that clung stubbornly to his frame. The sleeves were torn almost to the shoulder, and the fabric across his chest was smudged with dirt and soot. Bruises showed through the gaps, dark and cleanly placed where Ryoga's strikes had slipped past his guard. A thin line of dried blood ran from his temple to his jaw, matting a lock of hair against his cheek.

He held himself with a rigid, coiled tension, every movement sharp and deliberate. The usual looseness in his posture was gone. There was no cocky swagger, no easy rhythm to the way he shifted his weight. Each breath was measured, almost quiet.

His eyes were the most striking change. The usual spark, the quick flicker of emotion, was gone. In its place sat a cold, hard focus that didn't quite hide the strain behind it. This wasn't Ryoga's wild rage. Ranma's anger simmered underneath the surface, tightly controlled, fighting with something that looked uncomfortably like guilt.

My best friend had clearly reached a point where he was reluctant to escalate. Even in the middle of this chaos, he still believed Ryoga didn't deserve to be on the receiving end of the trump cards he'd been developing - techniques meant for real monsters, not people. So, he was holding back, trying to contain Ryoga, trying to stall him, hoping he would burn himself out or that the strain of his injuries would finally force him to stop.

But that was proving nearly impossible. Ryoga kept getting angrier and angrier, his movements growing faster and more brutal. I could feel the rolling cloud of dark ki pouring off him, his roaring battle aura thickening the air like a storm front. It was obvious he wasn't going to stop on his own.

Naturally, I stepped in at that point, walking toward the lot as I slowly raised my arm and murmured, "Practe bigi nar…"

Just as with my healing spell, I felt my companions' eyes snap to me the moment the incantation began. Haruka's gaze was sharp and evaluating; Shampoo's was wide, shocked, and thoughtful. Four spheres of fire shimmered into existence, orbiting my forearms in slow, deliberate arcs. They drifted upward, spiraling toward my hands as the words rolled from my lips, the structure of the spell taking shape in the air.

"Sagitta Magica, Flammae Capturae!" I shouted and hurled the spell forward.

The spell burst apart the moment it left my hand, the single mass of flame splitting into a dozen razor-bright shapes. Each sphere elongated mid-flight, sharpening into flaming arrows that cut through the air with a shrill, hissing whistle. They streaked across the battlefield in an arcing fan of light and struck Ryouga in the side before he even registered my presence.

The impact hit him like a battering ram. He choked on a startled breath as the force spun him off balance, slamming him down into the dirt hard enough to send cracks spiderwebbing through the ground.

But the flames didn't ignite him. Instead, they burst into writhing strands of fire that slithered around his limbs, snaking across his torso, looping around his wrists and ankles with serpentine precision. The burning ribbons flared once, then hardened, fixing themselves to the earth, the rubble, the broken chunks of asphalt around him. In the space of a heartbeat, the spell had locked his limbs and pinned him to the ground like a captured beast.

Ryouga screamed. A raw, furious sound that vibrated with pain and outrage. He thrashed, muscles bulging, aura crackling in jagged bursts as he struggled to wrench himself free. Under normal circumstances, he probably would've torn through the restraints by sheer will alone.

But now?

His battered, half-broken body betrayed him. Every movement drew a wince; every attempt to push up made the bindings tighten with a metallic snap. Stripped of the direct focus of his overwhelming fury, his strength finally started to falter beneath the weight of his injuries. He remained trapped, helpless, still trying to break free even as the flames held fast.

"WHAT IS THIS, RANMA!? ANOTHER TRICK!? THIS WON'T KEEP ME DOWN FOR LONG! I WILL KILL YOU!!!" Ryouga raged, froth bubbling at the corners of his mouth as he whipped his head around, trying desperately to spot his hated rival from his trapped position.

I met Ranma's eyes as I approached. He looked conflicted. On one hand, I had interrupted his fight. On the other, it was clear this had already gone far beyond a simple duel and needed to end fast. I walked past him and crouched down beside the thrashing Ryouga.

He barely acknowledged me. "RANMA! RANMAAA!! YOU BETTER NOT HAVE RUN AWAY RANMA! YOU COWARD!"

I paused for a second, considering what to say, then decided to just cut through the bullshit. "So… did Akane figure out you're P-chan, Ryoga?"

That did it. His eyes, mad and reddened, snapped toward me. "Who are you!?" he snarled. Rude, he already forgot out last meeting. "Grrr, RANMA! Spreading my shame like that! You're a dishonored cur!"

"Ranma's first instinct was to keep your secret out of a courtesy you clearly didn't deserve,"

His head started wiping around again, clearly dismissing my presence and not listening to my words. So I grabbed the lower half of his face and forced him to meet my eyes. "I was the one who convinced him to tell your secret to Akane."

That got his attention.

"And now." I continued before he could react. "The sexual predator is throwing a tantrum because his victim kicked him to the curb!"

"NO!" he roared. I jerked my hand back as he snapped at it, teeth clacking shut where my fingers had been. "Lies! You liar! It wasn't like that at all!"

"I didn't give him room to breathe. "You purposefully let her pull you into her bed as a pig, Ryoga. Maybe, maybe, you'd have an excuse if it was the first time it happened. But you kept coming back. You made yourself her 'P-chan' again and again."

"RANMA! THIS IS ALL RANMA'S FAULT! HE'S THE REASON I'M CURSE IN THE FIRST PLACE—"

My fist smashed into his mouth before he could say another word. His head snapped sideways, and a tooth skittered across the dirt.

"No." My voice came out low and hard.

"You don't get to hide behind Ranma for this," I grabbed his hair and forced him to look at me. "Whatever grudge you've got with him? Whatever curses, whatever history, whatever petty revenge fantasies you're nursing? None of that excuses what you chose to do."

He thrashed against the bindings. For a moment, something cracked through the rage: a flicker of doubt, the fear of truth he didn't want to see.

"You're not pinned to the ground right now because of Ranma," I continued. "You're pinned because you decided to crawl into a girl's bed in the middle of the night. You chose to let her hold you against her breasts. You chose to keep coming back. That wasn't the curse. That wasn't Ranma. That was you."

Ryoga shook his head so hard the cords of his neck stood out. His breath came in panicked, broken gasps. "I—It wasn't— It wasn't like that! I- I—"

I almost believed him.

Not the denial - never that - but the confusion underneath it.

Some of it probably was sexual, sure. But the rest? I could see it. The affection he never got. The loneliness he was drowning in. Akane must have been the first person to treat him with any real warmth, emotional, when he was Ryoga, and physical, when he was P-chan.

In the anime, he never had friends, never mentioned family. How long had he wandered the world, lost for days or weeks at a time? Drifting from place to place, meeting people he'd never see again, forming no bonds, no deep connections, living with nothing but the obsession of getting revenge on Ranma. It wasn't hard to imagine him clinging to the first hint of kindness that appeared in his life.

But none of that mattered. Not here. Not now.

None of it excuses what he did.

I rose to my feet, brushing the dirt from my hand. Ryoga wasn't thrashing anymore. He was frozen, eyes wide, breath caught halfway in his lungs. My words had cut through the fury, slicing straight to the part of him he didn't want to see.

"As for your tantrum," I said, voice steady and sharp. "Fuck you, Hibiki Ryoga. You expected Ranma to keep your secret while you used it to deceive and abuse someone he cares about. For what? His honor? Misplaced loyalty? Hell no. We actually respect Akane too much to let you get away with it."

I tilted my head slightly, catching the faint wail of sirens drifting through the haze of dust and debris.

The police had their own unwritten rules about Nerima. Chaos like this had existed long before Ranma and his father showed up - though their presence sure as fuck turned everything to eleven. The city had adapted. Officers were trained to respond, but only to a point; most of the time they were happy to let things sort themselves out because they were hopelessly unequipped to deal with the daily insanity of this place. But even they had limits. And Ryoga's rampage? The destruction of multiple city blocks, cratered roads, overturned cars, and shattered storefronts—it was far beyond anything they would tolerate.

I looked down at him. Ryoga's furious aura had collapsed into something empty, a husk of the storm he'd been moments ago. His fight, his rage, his obsession. It was gone. He was frozen, breathing unevenly, staring at nothing.

"… You've got a choice now, Ryoga. Face the consequences of what you've done like a man. Own it up. Take responsibility for once. Or disappear. Get lost like you always do. Slip away for some distant part of Japan or to another country." I let the words hang in the air. "However, if you choose to run… You'd better never come back. Not to Ranma, not to Akane, not to anyone. You're done here. Got it?"

I released the bindings. The fire-threads sizzled and dissolved, leaving him free yet still frozen, the weight of his actions finally pressing down on him.

"In your hands now, pigboy," I said, letting a touch of levity break the tension as I started walking away.

Ranma remained close to Ryoga, pinning him with a glare that could crush stone. He muttered a few words I didn't catch - or care to - but soon he fell in step behind me. At the edge of the vacated lot, the girls waited for us. Haruka nodded, her expression cold and steady. Shampoo, probably clueless about what was going on, still read the room well enough to look appropriately serious.

Ryoga hadn't hurt or killed anyone; otherwise, Ranma wouldn't have hesitated like that. Sure, he'd caused a lot of property damage, but nothing the Akukin Kensetsu couldn't repair in a few days – They probably used magic to speed the process, now that I think about it. There was a city budget for replacing items destroyed by chaos, so that was a problem. The people of Nerima wouldn't be seriously affected; by tomorrow, life would go on, they would be back to their usual routine, with them working around the damage as best they could. The Lost Boy, however, wouldn't be warmly welcomed back into the community anytime soon.

All in all, Ryoga would likely only get a slap on the wrist, a stern talking-to that might, if he's willing, set him straight. Maybe they'd make him sleep in a cell if he's subdued enough, though it obviously wouldn't hold him if he didn't want to. His case wasn't serious enough to summon the higher authorities yet.

What happens now is internal. Maybe he'll change. Maybe he won't. I hope he does. I like him as a character, even if I've only seen his worst side as a person. But as I said… It's on his hands now.

-0-0-0-​

After a round of healing and a change of clothes, we drifted toward one of Nerima's many 'mayhem recovery stations', which is to say, a vending-machine pit stop with a couple of battered benches and a trash can that looked like it had seen better decades.

The food options were total garbage, so we stuck to drinks while I fished out the leftovers from the picnic and handed Ranma a proper meal. Me and the girls grabbed yakisoba bread from my inventory. We were better off for it.

So damn delicious.

For a while, we didn't talk. We just sat there, shoulder to shoulder on the dented metal bench, eating and drinking in the quiet aftermath. No explosions. No screaming. No craters forming under our feet.

Just a moment to breathe after the early Clusterfuck.

"How'd you do it?" Ranma eventually asked. He'd swapped his torn outfit for a fresh one from my inventory, but his NWC jacket was still draped over his shoulders.

"Hm?" I mumbled, stuffing the last bit of yakisoba bread into my mouth.

"How talk to Ryoga? I kept tryin' but he just wouldn't listen, just kept shoutin' over me."

I almost gave out a snarky response. 'My Charisma Stats is insanely high.' Or something. But I could see by the way he was hunched over, tense and frustrated, that this was really bothering him.

"… Have you ever seen me trying to talk to Kuno? Not taunting him or making jokes at his expense. Actually try to have a real conversation with the guy?"

Ranma frowned, chewing on the thought for a second.

"No, I've never seen you do it."

"I never did," I confirmed it. "Because our dear Kuno-senpai is insane. He got a set idea of how the world works and what roles everyone around him plays in it. Anything that doesn't fit gets twisted into something that does. No matter what I do or say, I'll always be the evil black wizard using spells to get in his way, and you'll always be the 'hateful villain' trying to steal his precious Tendo Akane."

Ranma frowned, probably ready to snark about that, but I continued before he could.

"Nothing we say or do will change it. We could save a puppy in front of him, and he'd just accuse us of putting it in danger in the first place." I couldn't help but smirk at the memory of that particular incident. "Happened to me once during a morning quest rush."

Ranma snorted.

"My point is, you can't reason with people like that."

You can manipulate them by playing around with their delusions, which is usually how I deal with Kodachi. But I kept that to myself.

"Ryoga? He's not as bad as Kuno... except when it comes to you."

Ranma looked up at me, unsure whether I was joking or not.

"You're his obsession, Ranma. And he won't listen to anything you say because when you meet, he's not dealing with you, he's dealing with the Ranma he's got in his head. Maybe he can be civil sometimes, but you'd better believe he'll twist whatever you say to fit his narrative. And if he's angry? Trying to reason with him is pointless."

I balled up the napkin I'd used for the bread and flicked it toward the trash like a basketball. "Listen, man… don't carry this on your shoulders. Whether Ryoga figures himself out or crashes harder, that's on him, not you."

Ranma kicked at the gravel, staring ahead with his mind far away. "…We were friends… back in middle school. At least, I thought we were."

"Then you had even more reason to call him out," Haruka said, her voice calm but firm. I'd talked to her about Ryoga before. She'd figured out a while back that he and P-chan were the same person. I guess the earlier events were enough for her to piece everything together. "What he was doing… it was criminal. A true friend confronts someone when they go down that path. You did the right thing, Ranma-senpai."

Ranma let out a slow, bitter laugh, his gaze still fixed on the uneven gravel. "…Yeah, yeah, I know. Doesn't make it feel any better, though. Feels like I just… dropped the ball. The whole mess started 'cause I didn't notice when he was pissed off at me. Maybe if I'd… been a better friend." His voice trailed off, heavy with guilt.

Haruka's expression softened, but her voice remained steady. "Ranma-senpai… feeling guilty doesn't mean you failed. It means you care. You confronted him when it mattered, when it could have gone even worse. That's what a friend does, even if it's hard."

I leaned back slightly, letting the words settle. "Look, Ranma… nobody's perfect. Middle school, high school, even now, we all mess up, miss signals, misunderstand people. The fact that you're thinking about it, that you're willing to hold yourself accountable… that's what counts. Ryoga… he's stubborn as hell, but you gave him a chance to see his own mistakes. That's more than most would do."

In the face of our affirmations from each side, Ranma rubbed the back of his neck, his cheeks coloring faintly as he glanced away. "…Hah, c'mon, don't get all mushy on me, alright? I'm not some big sap who needs pep talks." He tried to sound rough, but the faint twitch of a smile betrayed him. "…But… thanks, I guess. And don't make me say it out loud again."

Suddenly, another voice chimed in, halting and broken in Japanese. "That… Raging Demon Physic. Very rare. You be stronger the angrier you are." Shampoo, I guess she wanted to be part of the moment.

My pigtailed friend suddenly let out a squawk and shot off the bench in a leap that carried him nearly five meters into the air. "SHAMPOO!?"

Ah… he hadn't noticed she was with us. Man, he was really distracted.

"Oh, yeah. Shampoo's staying at the base for a few days," I said casually, barely reacting to his jump. I just pulled out a corn-mayo bread from my inventory and bit into it.

Ranma glared at me, eyes wide with betrayal. "What!? She told me she'd behave!" As if on cue, Shampoo stood up and offered Ranma a perfectly executed martial bow. "See? She's fine."

Ranma threw his hands up in frustration, wildly gesturing at his Chinese nemesis. "See! See! That's what I'm talking about!? How the hell do you do this!?"

I smirked. "Bitch, my charisma is over 99."

"What the hell do you mean!? That's not even a real thing, you bastard!!!"

Haruka started laughing, and soon I joined in, while Ranma grumbled and bickered beside us. Things went further downhill when a woman in the apartment above dumped a bucket of cold water from her window, instantly triggering his curse.

Eventually, I managed to explain the situation to Shampoo. Her first suggestion? "Next time see Ryoga. We kill-kill!!" Ranma's reaction was priceless; the guy practically beamed at the thought of someone else becoming the target of the Amazon's fury for once.

I then coaxed her into telling us about other cases of 'Jusenkyo curse abuse' she'd witnessed. What followed was a surprisingly funny and engaging conversation, even if parts were hard to translate, as Shampoo grew more and more enthusiastic as she realized we genuinely wanted to hear her stories.

Like the food earlier, this must be her first real conversation with someone else in months.

I could see Ranma relaxing around her, regardless of their history. He's always like that, chill enough to make friends easily and let bygones be bygones. It bites him in the ass just as much as it helped.

Overall, it was a pretty nice conclusion for the whole Ryoga situation. He will show up again, I'm sure of it, but I really hope he grows from this. I want to meet him in a non-hostile environment someday. He's still one of my favorite characters.

But that's a story for another day.


A/n: Sorry for the delay, I'll try to keep a consistent schedule or at least not have a year longs pauses

As an apology, here's some pic from the Tendo's sisters I annoyed @Myrtenaster into doing for me

Spoiler: Akane
Spoiler: Nabiki
Spoiler: Kasumi
Last edited: Nov 24, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sidrakil, Skybrain, ARedpanda101 and 1,257 others
Adudefromthesea
Nov 24, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Threadmarks
Index
Moderation
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty
This thread is more than 5 months old.
Your message may be considered spam for the following reasons:

Posting in story or quest threads that have been dormant for more than 30 days is a violation of Rule 7. You may only post in this thread if you have significant new content to add.
If you wish to reply despite these issues, check the box below before replying.
Be aware that malicious compliance may result in more severe penalties.
I am aware that replying to this thread may be considered spam, but I still want to make a reply.

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
SignlessAcolyte
 [NSFW] Unbridled Horses- Ranma 1/2 AU
SignlessAcolyte May 20, 2026 Words: 34k 1 ... 7 8 9 eventual femboy content eventual smut gender issues
Replies261
Views31K
Aug 19, 2026
SignlessAcolyte
SignlessAcolyte
Fabled Webs
 [NSFW] Playing God (Overlord/Multicross)
Fabled Webs Jul 3, 2026 Words: 48k 1 2 3 adventure comedy multicross
Replies80
Views20K
Aug 17, 2026
Sad Machine
Sad Machine
MaxiMaru69
 [NSFW] A New Gamer, 40k SI (COMMISSIONED)
MaxiMaru69 Aug 17, 2026 Words: 14k 1 2 3 4 gamer gamer fic possible crossover
Replies101
Views9K
Today at 03:58
MaxiMaru69
MaxiMaru69
FreeGod
Poll
 [NSFW] Celestial Ranma 1/2
FreeGod Dec 22, 2025 Words: 26k 1 ... 14 15 16 celestial celestial bordello celestial debauchery
Replies462
Views68K
Aug 20, 2026
Saitsunoot
Saitsunoot
Toraneko_Mai
 [NSFW] Chaos Gacha Ran...ko?
Toraneko_Mai Apr 26, 2026 Words: 15k 1 ... 6 7 8 au ranma 1/2 chaos gacha ranma saotome
Replies217
Views40K
Aug 6, 2026
dracklor
dracklor
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit