Phantom Dragon Rising

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/46149088.

Rating: Teen And Up Audiences
Archive Warning: Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category: Gen
Fandoms: Persona 5, 龍が如く | Ryuu ga Gotoku | Yakuza (Video Games)
Characters: Kurusu Akira, Kiryu Kazuma, Sakamoto Ryuji, Takamaki Ann, Sakura

Sojiro, Morgana (Persona Series), Sawamura Haruka, Okumura Haru,
Sakura Futaba, Niijima Makoto, Caroline (Persona Series), Justine
(Persona Series), Igor (Persona Series), Persona 5 Protagonist, Akechi
Goro

Additional Tags: Cross-Posted on FanFiction.Net, Hurt/Comfort, Friendship, Family,
Alternate Canon, Alternate Universe, Violence, Supernatural Elements,
Karaoke, BAMF Akira Kurusu, Float like a Yakuza sting like a dragon

Language: English
Collections: That Good Golden Shit
Stats: Published: 2023-03-31
Updated: 2026-02-18
Words: 126,143
Chapters:

9/?



Phantom Dragon Rising
by pokemonrox7

Summary

Society was broken. And Akira's wings were shredded by the shards. After a single night tore
all Akira loved from him, he finds himself in Tokyo, living out an unjust probation. Forging
new bonds and entering an alternate dimension to change the hearts of the wicked? Well...he
was the ward of the Dragon of Dojima; weirder things have happened.

Through countless trials, Akira and the Phantom Thieves will fight on to change society, no
matter how many hearts need be stolen or noses need be broken.

Let it never be said that the path of a dragon is one easily walked.

(This fic has a TVTropes page, which is so cool!)

https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/PhantomDragonRising



Chapter 1: The Fool of the Orphanage

If you asked Akira Kurusu what the worst feeling in the world was, he honestly couldn't tell
you the answer. He wasn't as experienced in walks of life as adults were, so he hadn't the
foggiest idea. What made his heart hurt? What made his blood run cold? What made him
despair?

"YAAAAAAH!!"

Well, certainly not that...

Akira Kurusu stood on the sandy beach in front of the Morning Glory Orphanage. It was
always nice to come here, listen to the waves and watch the sun glisten on the water.

Okinawa was a beautiful place, and Akira was currently feeling beyond lucky that he could
live here...whilst sidestepping the rotund young boy that leapt at him.

"Don't we need bells before wrestling matches start, Taichi?" Akira asked, smirking at the
boy. The bald kid was just a bundle of energy, and a wrestling fanatic of the highest pedigree,
though that didn't really translate into skill when his whole fighting strategy was to rush in
thoughtlessly and use any wrestling move that he could think of.

Case in point, Taichi rushed forward and tried to get Akira into a headlock, completely
ignoring the fact that would be next to impossible considering that Akira was way taller than
him. At least try to knock him down first!

"We don't got no bells here! It's just you and me, Akira-nii!" Taichi declared. The young boy
then tried to throw a punch at Akira, but the curly-haired teen easily sidestepped before
dropping to the ground and lashing out with his leg, sweeping Taichi's legs out from under
him along with a spray of sand.

Taichi hit the sand with a thud and gave a small groan. "Oww..." He grunted. Akira grinned
and crouched down next to the kid.

"So it is." Akira teased. "Maybe you should call in Uncle Kaz? "Just you and me" doesn't
seem to be working out for you~," Akira told him.

"Ah shuddap!" Taichi moaned. There was no real fire in his voice as he pushed himself up.
"More importantly, that move was sick! Show me how to do it!" He demanded with a grin.

The request made Akira quirk a brow. "What? We're not sparring anymore?" He asked.

"Ju-Just wait until I get this move down, then I'll definitely beat you." Taichi declared. The
boy then dropped into a crouch and extended one of his legs, drawing a line in the sand with
his foot. Trying to emulate Akira's sweep, no doubt.

"Oh, you might not want to try that before--"



"Aaah! Cr-Cramp!"

"... stretching first." Akira sighed as he watched Taichi roll around in the sand with a pained
expression. Honestly, what a goofy little brother he had...

Akira waited for Taichi's cramp to run its course before helping the kid up.

"Hey, Taichi. I know that you thought my legs sweep was cool, but to be honest, you might
not be suited for it." He told him.

"H-Huh? What do you mean?" Taichi asked. Akira smiled and simply pat him on the
shoulder. "Well, leg sweeps are something that you use when you're more agile, more well-
rounded of a fighter. It's good for heavy opponents since you can use their weight against
them. You wanna be a pro, right?" He asked Taichi, who nodded.

"You like to hit hard, focusing on power to defeat your opponent, and you can take a good
few hits too. But you're slow, and a faster wrestler would be able to overwhelm you if you're
not careful. Leg sweeps were practically made to take down fighters like you." Akira
explained as he looked over the boy.

"My advice? Learn how to avoid them first. Play to your strengths." He added. "Pro bowlers
don't become pro bowlers by playing golf. The same goes for pro wrestlers. They don't grow
by using styles that don't match their capabilities." He said. He had to hold back a chuckle as
Taichi stared at him, holding onto every word. "It's important to devote time and practice to
whatever you wanna do. It's the only way that you'll improve, just like with Haruka."

Akira grinned at the thought of that young woman. She was only a couple of years younger
than him, but she felt way more mature. She was the big sister figure that everybody turned
to in Morning Glory. She was the first orphan here, or it would be more accurate to say that
she was Uncle Kaz's ward. She had known him the longest out of anyone else here. Akira had
never pried when it came to the details of Haruka's circumstances. Somehow, he felt that it
was a sore subject for her.

But now, she has grown even further. She had spoken of her desire to get into the idol scene,
and Akira truly believed that there was no greater career for her. Haruka had a special talent
for making people happy. On the occasions when she'd sing and dance whilst doing chores or
something, it was difficult to not cheer for her. She was amazing, and her goals were
extraordinary.

Akira had full confidence that she could pull it off, the same way that Taichi could achieve
similar successes in his own career as an aspiring pro wrestler.

"How's this...?" Akira put a hand on his hip. "I'll teach you a move that is more suitable to
your style. And when you make it to the pro scene, you can call it the 'Akira Plummet!'"
Akira offered.

That certainly perked the kid right up. "There's no way I'm calling it that, but I'm in!" Taichi
exclaimed with sparkling eyes. "Erm, why do you call it the 'Akira Plummet' anyway?"



Taichi suddenly saw Akira's expression shift into something mischievous, and the wrestling
fanatic started to wonder if maybe he should have kept his mouth shut...

It was about half an hour later that the duo returned to the sanctuary of Morning Glory. One
was looking rather smug, and the other was looking a little beat up and bitter. Both were
covered in sand.

On the porch of the Morning Glory were three more kids; two boys and a girl. Mitsuo, Koji
and Ayako.

"Hey, guys!" Akira waved to the trio. He received several greetings back.

"Hey, 'Kira! Taichi!" Koji greeted, looking up and down the pair. "Geez, you two! What, you
popped over to the Sahara for a spell?" He joked.

Mitsuo grinned as he leaned against the door frame. "I think the Sahara would have been
more forgiving." He said.

"I was just teaching our future 'Rain Hysterio' a new trick to add to his wrestling repertoire,"
Akira said.

"It's 'Rey Mysterio,' and you know that!" Taichi pouted. He then received a light noogie from
Akira.

"Of course I do." He taunted. "Just wanted to get on your nerves a little." He chuckled when
Taichi gave a small whine in response.

"You think the several dozen times that you slammed Taichi into the sand didn't get on his
nerves?" Ayako asked with crossed arms. The twintailed girl didn't look too pleased with
their antics.

"To be fair, he quite literally asked for it." Akira pointed out. "Plus, it's sand, he'll survive."

"Barely...I'm gonna be so sore tomorrow." Taichi whined as he leaned back to stretch his
spine.

"Hey, could be worse. You could have asked Uncle Kaz to help you practice wrestling. We'd
be cleaning you up with a mop." Koji pointed out. That was a fact that no one could deny.
Uncle Kaz was a badass.

"So, I didn't see the whole thing, did you at least land a hit on Akira-nii?" Mitsuo asked
Taichi.

"Oh yeah! He thought he had me aaallll figured out, but when he was slamming me into the
ground, I found a weakness to the move!" Taichi exclaimed proudly. "Once I did that, I was
able to take Akira-nii by surprise and get him to the ground. Pinned him for two seconds and
everything!" He claimed, puffing his chest out.



"You grabbed my hair and dragged me down with you when you fell. Still hurts a little,
even." Akira said, reaching up to twist his ebony locks. "That doesn't count."

"I'm pretty sure it counts 'Kira!" Koji piped in.

"Yeah, I agree, we'll give that point to Taichi," Mitsuo added with a grin.

"Ha! In your face, Akira-nii! I have a point!" Taichi bragged, which made Akira roll his eyes.

"Yes, yes, you're all traitors." He said before looking to Ayako. "You'll vouch for me, right
Ayako?" He asked.

The flat look that he received did not fill him with confidence.

"You're both covered in sand. Make sure to brush it off before you come inside." She sighed
before retreating inside to get away from the stupid boys.

Akira couldn't help but frown. He didn't know what it was about him, but for some reason, he
just wasn't able to connect with Ayako like he could with the other kids. He hadn't been here
for too long, a year and a half max, but he liked to think that he had a nice relationship with
everyone. Interactions with Ayako though, they were cordial at best.

Still, he decided not to press her on it, if she had a problem with him, then it was up to her to
let him know. He couldn't solve it otherwise... Plus, if it got really bad, he could ask Uncle
Kaz for help. According to Haruka, he was good at solving these kids' problems.

"Still salty towards you, 'Kira?" Koji asked with none of his prior mirth.

"Yeah," the teen sighed. "I wish I knew what I've done wrong. I help with the chores, I go to
bed on time and I even help with homework, but I can never get her to like me."

"I'm sure she'll come around eventually. You're a really good person, Akira-nii. She's gotta
see that at some point," Mitsuo said.

"Thanks..." Akira replied. He really didn't deserve these little firecrackers he called his
siblings.

"Um, good person? He slammed me down into the sand over and over again!" Taichi pointed
out.

"Yeah, a bad person would have done it on the road!" Koji said, trying to inject some levity
into the situation. Unfortunately, his joke wasn't well received. Fortunately, something
happened that was.

"Everyone! Lunch is ready!" A sweet voice akin to sugared milk rang out. There was an
immediate rumbling inside the orphanage's walls as several children ran to take their place at
the table.

"Oh, awesome! Haruka-nee's got lunch ready, I'm starving! See you inside, Akira-nii--gack!"
Taichi was about to run inside before Akira grabbed his shirt collar and stared him down.



 

"Sand first."

After the duo had cleared the sand off of themselves, they raced inside and took their seats at
the table, already set with delicious fish and rice. There were eleven seats at the table, and
each kid had a spot. There were the girls, Ayako, Eri, Izumi, Riona and Haruka, and for the
guys, there was Koji, Taichi, Mitsuo, Shiro, Akira and finally, sitting at the head of the table
was the owner of the orphanage. The caretaker of all the children. The stern-faced man who
had, taken the role of their father. Uncle Kaz, or his actual name. Kiryu Kazuma.

Akira, even up until this point, was always curious about Kiryu. The man had always exuded
some kind of aura around him; one that offered comfort and safety to all those that the man
chose to protect. However, if you were on the opposite side, if you wished to harm those who
stood at Uncle Kaz's back, that aura would probably feel quite different.

Like you were facing into the jaws of an unyielding dragon...

 

"Alright, everyone. Ready...and..."

"Itadakimasu!"

Everyone started to dig into their meal, with vigour ranging from tenderly chewing to
basically inhaling. It was strange that there was such a display of personalities, even as they
were eating. It was endearing in a way.

Akira couldn't help but idly take rice and fish alike into his mouth, as he was currently lost in
thought. Akira always knew that there was something different about Kiryu. That there was
something beyond the person who was simply their caretaker. Something that was part of a
world that Akira would never reach. Heck, a world that Akira wasn’t sure if he even wanted
to reach.

Kiryu was simultaneously intimidating and extremely cool. Like an everpresent tower that
wanderers could look to for guidance. Easy to identify yet almost incomprehensible in scale.

It was just really strange that a man like that was caring for a bunch of children while
wearing a floral button-up…

"Hm? Is something wrong, Akira?" Kiryu's deep voice crossed the table and caused Akira to
perk up. it was at this point that the teen realised that he had been staring at the man for
probably about half a minute now. Immediately, he shook his head and tried to play it off.

"O-Oh! It's nothing, Uncle Kaz. I was just...thinking," Akira replied.

"I see..." Kiryu said. "Want to talk about it?"



Akira shook his head. "Nah, it's super-cool teenager stuff, none of you would understand."
Akira played it off with his usual smirk.

"Akira-nii, you know I'm only two years younger than you..." Haruka pointed out.

"Super-cool boy teenager stuff. No girls allowed!" Akira amended.

Haruka's ensuring pout was as adorable as it was humorous.

"No fair...I let you help me with my idol routines. That's super-cool girl teenager stuff."
Haruka complained. This earned a scoff from Akira.

"Let me help? Was that what you're doing when you're the one constantly begging me to play
guitar for your mock performance?" Akira shot back. Haruka went wide-eyed before huffing,
indignant.

Akira one, Haruka zero.

"Oooh! Maybe… Could it be a girlfrieeeend?" Riona asked, leaning over the table with a coy
grin on her face.

"Pfft, yeah right. You wouldn't approve of any girlfriend of mine. You'd all probably work
together to try and scare her off," He commented.

"Then it must be our match just now, right?" Taichi asked brightly. Akira made a show of
thinking about it before shaking his head. "Nah, there was no bell, so it wasn't even a match.
We’d need a bell to make it proper."

"You're still on about that?!" Taichi asked incredulously.

"Either that or a gong. What do you say, Uncle Kaz, can we get a gong?" Akira asked their
caretaker, ignoring Taichi.

Kiryu couldn't help but smile. "You know, normal teenagers are looking into these new-
fangled 'smartphones,' and here you are, asking for a gong."

The entire table began to titter in laughter, much to Kiryu's confusion. "What? What did I
say?" He asked.

"New-fangled! That's old people talk!" Mitsuo chuckled.

"Smartphones aren't too new, tons of people have them nowadays!" Shiro said, though he
couldn't stop a small smile from blooming.

"Uncle Kaz is an oldie!" Izumi sang between fits of giggles.

"Hmm..." Kiryu groaned and hung his head. Not only had his witty retort completely
backfired with a poor choice of words, but now he was being made fun of by his own kids.



Haruka came to his rescue and clapped her hands. "Now now, come on, no bullying Uncle
Kaz." She chastised the table, who had the decency to look apologetic.

"Sorry..." The table said, bowing their heads. Be they children or teenagers, Kiryu raised
some fine children.

A few minutes later, the man looked up towards Akira. "By the way, Akira, can I see you
privately after lunch?" He asked.

"Huh? Um, sure, I guess." Akira replied. See him in private? Well, that was somewhat
foreboding. Uncle Kaz usually had hearts-to-hearts with all the children here, but Akira didn't
recall any issues that would have warranted having said heart-to-heart. Eh, well he would
find out what was up when you got there.

Kiryu then looked to Ayako. "And Ayako, once Akira and I finish, I'd like to speak with you
as well."

"Eh?" Ayako looked up from her lunch to look at Kiryu. "O-Okay, Uncle Kaz." She replied.

From then on, lunch was silent, and one by one, each person finished their meal. Shiro and
Koji were on dish duty, and the others split up to do their own thing, so Akira stood up and
followed Kiryu to his room when the man gave him an expectant glance.

Akira and Kiryu entered the room and closed the door behind them for some privacy. Akira
felt that he had no reason to be nervous, but everybody felt a bit apprehensive when their
parent wanted to speak with them alone.

"Akira..." Kiryu said, turning around to look at the teen seriously. "I watched your fight with
Taichi. You gave him some nice pointers and all but..." He stared hard into Akira's flint eyes
with his deep brown ones.

"...where did you learn to fight?"

 

And Akira's stomach dropped like a stone in a pond.

 

"C-Come again...?" Akira replied, hoping that he misheard.

 

"Your movements in battle, the way you strike, no matter how casually. The way you move.
It's not exactly how I move, but it's close, almost identical." Kiryu said. "I know I didn't teach
you how to fight, but you're somehow able to move like me anyway." He informed Akira.
"You're not in trouble, but I would like some answers," He added.

Akira was sort of in a state of fight-or-flight now. His ability to fight was something that he
was hoping to keep secret from Kiryu, but now it was out in the open. How refined of a



fighter was Kiryu to immediately recognise his style?

"U-Uncle Kaz..."

"I know for sure that I didn't teach you how to fight. I didn't teach any of you how to fight.
You shouldn't have to fight. So how do you know?"

"I'm...ashamed to say," Akira replied with a quiet voice.

"Ashamed?" Kiryu asked. What did Akira mean by that?

"You...don't have to say if you don't want to Akira, but being quiet isn't going to help me
understand. I learned how to fight in a life that I've long left behind me, and seeing remnants
of that life manifest within you makes me feel like I've failed to keep you safe..." The older
man admitted.

"What you did before...it was dangerous?" Akira phrased his response as a question but he
already knew the answer.

"Very" Kiryu nodded his head solemnly. "Frankly it's a miracle that I made it out of that life
like I did, and now I find myself blessed every day, taking care of wonderful children,
children like you," He admitted. "I learned how to fight out of necessity, but you don't need
to--"

 

"I did!" Akira interrupted. "Without learning how to fight from you, I don't think I'd even be
alive right now..."

Kiryu's silence spoke volumes as to his intrigue, though concern could be seen in his steely
expression too.

Akira eventually decided to bite the bullet and start talking. Uncle Kaz would see through
any deflections.

"Uncle Kaz...you remember when I first came to this orphanage?" He asked the man.

Kiryu nodded. "You were digging through our dumpster, practically feral. Izumi thought you
were the Boogeyman." He answered curtly.

"Er...yeah. Well, I told you that I had been living on the streets of Okinawa, but I never said
how long..." Akira slowly sunk to his knees as he retold the tale.

"I had assumed that it had been a couple of months..."

"Seven years..."

"What...?"



"I was on the streets for seven years, Uncle Kaz. I don't know who took care of me before
then, but I know that it wasn't my real parents. I was tossed out and had nowhere to go. I had
to eat out of the trash and look under vending machines, praying for lost change. I even had
to fish just to get some meat. I couldn't even go to school anymore, so I had to learn from
books in the library, and the only reason I did that was to pass the time when it started
raining. It was one of the only shelters I had."

"Akira..." Kiryu whispered.

"I was miserable. Nobody wanted to associate with me. Nobody cared for the kid that just
slipped through the cracks of a broken society. I was alone, desperately trying to survive for
reasons that I can't even fathom now. To be frank, I'm surprised I didn't die," Akira said. It
was clear that he was trying to keep his voice steady and his expression calm, but simply
reliving this stuff was making it hard to do so.

"And then, a few years ago. You and Haruka came to Okinawa. To create the haven known as
Morning Glory. I saw you...a few times in town. And that's when I saw the way you fought.
You practically ran all over Okinawa, doing odd jobs for people, and when you came up
against opposition, which was weirdly often, I...couldn't help but watch. The way you fought.
It was brutal, and graceful, both at the same time."

"So you're saying you...watched me, and you were able to replicate my fighting style through
that?" Kiryu asked. "But to become so proficient in it, just by observing..."

"I didn't only observe, I practised. To me your way of fighting, your skill that allowed you to
take on ten men or more at once without breaking a sweat... I believed it was a matter of life
and death to learn it. If I could, then I could beat up thugs like those as well and...erm...steal
their cash...I-I covered my face though so don't worry, nobody's coming for revenge...!"
Akira rushed to assure.

"I see..." Kiryu replied. He didn't entirely approve of Akira being a former shakedowner, but
it wasn't like he could talk; he did the exact same things back when he was Akira's age, and at
least Akira was doing it to people who had it coming.

"Still, we took you in; you have a life here now, so why do you still choose to practise
something that you only needed to survive?" Kiryu asked.

Akira paused before subtly shrugging his shoulders. "I...don't have a reason. I guess having a
fighting style to practise helps me to clear my head sometimes. It's more like a hobby than
anything else now..."

Akira looked down at his hand, which he balled up into a fist. "But if I'm being honest, deep
down, I feel like being able to fight might come in handy one day. I know you don't want me
to put myself in harm's way and I'll definitely try not to but...I suppose I feel stronger...safer.
Like I have some control over my life, you know?"

Kiryu nodded understandingly. "I do understand where you're coming from, Akira. It's
natural to want to feel empowered. Still, I don't want you to think about your past life so
much that you end up reliving it. You're a different person now. A kind older brother who



wrestles with Taichi, who takes Mame for walks with Izumi, who collects seashells with Eri.
You may know how to fight, but that doesn't define you like it did before."

Kiryu sighed and looked up at the ceiling. "It's not like I'm telling you to stop...but just
remember: you are more than the man who learned how to fight in order to survive the
streets. You can fight, but don't let it affect the kind, young man you are now. I also don't
want you jumping into dangerous situations just because you can. Anything could go wrong
if you're not careful."

He lowered his head and continued. "I'll admit, I used my skills both responsibly and
irresponsibly in the past. I've helped a lot of people...and I've hurt a lot more. Fighting has
been a big part of my life and I just don't want it to be a big part of yours."

"Obviously, this is something that I don't want you repeating." He told Akira with a serious
stare.

The teen nodded, acknowledging his uncle's wise words. "I hear you, Uncle Kaz. And don't
worry, I won't forget it. No turning to late-night vigilantism for me. I'll stay safe." He joked.

Uncle Kaz smiled warmly. "Good. If you ever feel like you need guidance or support, don't
hesitate to come to me."

"Are you talking training or...?"

Kiryu's flat stare answered the question.

"Kidding!" Akira squeaked, holding his arms up. "I'll come to you if I ever need help. I
promise." He said.

Akira then managed to get to his feet. "Um, so...is that everything?" He asked.

"Yes, you can leave now. You can also tell Ayako that I'm ready to speak with her now."
Kiryu requested.

Akira nodded his head and turned around, heading for the doorway. He left the room and
breathed a small sigh of relief. "Phew...that could have gone worse..." He muttered under his
breath. Uncle Kaz knew his secret now, but this wasn't the world-ending scenario that Akira
thought it would be. He got a lecture, but with all that Kiryu had told him, he kind of
understood why the older man was concerned about him. What he had obtained from Kiryu
was not unlike a loaded gun. With it, he could hurt as many people as he could save, not that
he would use this strength of his for anything other than self-defence...maybe professional
fighting too. Taichi planned on entering the wrestling scene, maybe Akira could do
something similar...?

His thoughts were cut off as he ran into just the girl he was looking for in the middle of the
hallway. "Ah! Ayako, Uncle Kaz is ready for you!" He called out to the pigtailed girl.

Ayako looked to him and gave a small nod. "Alright, I'm coming." She replied. She walked
towards Akira with some kind of weird presence over her, and Akira couldn't help but feel



perturbed. As such, he decided to do what felt like the right thing at the time and gave Ayako
a wide berth, pressing himself against one of the hallway walls.

He wasn't surprised when she didn't make a comment about it at all. He just simply watched
her disappear behind the sliding door of the side room.

Well. He could only hope that Ayako wasn't in some kind of trouble though that was unlikely.
Compared to the other orphans, that girl was a saint.

Well, whatever it was was none of his business. Akira had the whole rest of the day to chill,
and he had a pretty good idea of what to spend it on. Him, Koji, Mitsuo, Shiro and Taichi.
All-Boys, Free-for-all on Virtua Fighters. Loser bought everyone ice cream. Akira liked his
chances. He was about to go gather everyone, but then heard a muffled voice from behind the
sliding door that made him freeze in place.

"Ayako...if you don't mind, could you please tell me what you don't like about Akira?"

The teen's breath hitched, his breathing stilled, and time suddenly felt still. What Ayako didn't
like about him...? He knew that the girl wasn't fond of him for some reason, but Ayako had
never said why. If she was going to divulge that information to anyone though it would have
to be Uncle Kaz.

Before he knew it, Akira found himself crouched against the entryway with his ear to the
door. He knew that he shouldn't eavesdrop, but could you blame him when he was directly
involved?

"I've watched for a while, but I just can't be quiet anymore. Ayako, you're alienating Akira for
some reason." Kiryu accused her.

Ayako quickly took on an expression that made her look like she had been caught in a lie and
rapidly shook her hands. "N-No! It's not like that at all. A-Akira and I get along really gr-
great!"

 

Unfortunately, the lie wasn't enough to fool Kiryu.

"Ayako, please be honest with me. You know that I'm here to lend an ear to you, but I can't do
that if you don't tell me what's on your mind." He insisted.

Ayako hesitated for a moment, unsure if she wanted to open up to him. But something about
Uncle Kaz's gentle demeanour made her feel like confiding in him.

"Akira..." Ayako sighed, her voice barely above a whisper. "I just... I don't like him."

Uncle Kaz raised an eyebrow. "Can you tell me why?"

Ayako shifted from her spot on the floor. her gaze focused on her hands in her lap. "I don't
know. It's just... something about him that rubs me the wrong way. He lives with us, eats with
us and sleeps with us, but I've never felt like he's belonged here."



Uncle Kaz looked at her thoughtfully. "And why do you think that is? Because I can tell just
how hard Akira is trying to connect with you all. He's trying to belong. And you're saying he
doesn't?"

"I know that...b-but I can't help but find it annoying. What gives him the right to pretend like
he belongs here?" The young girl snarled in a frustrated frenzy

"Ayako!" Kiryu quelled the girl with a stern expression. "I know for a fact that Akira isn't
pretending. He belongs here." He insisted.

"No, he can't belong here, Uncle Kaz!" Ayako cried. "He wasn't here when everyone
apologised to me when I was really sad. He wasn't here when our home was broken by bad
guys. Me, Haruka, you Uncle Kaz, and all the others, we all belong here. This is our home.
Not Akira's. He's older than all of us and he didn't experience any of that stuff. So I...just can't
look at him and see someone who belongs here."

Ayako breathed heavily after her short tirade. Kiryu gave the girl a chance to recover her
breath. She had undeniably spoken her mind there.

For a moment, the girl could have sworn that she heard the vague sound of someone running
through the hallway, but she was far too worked up to care about that right now.

Kiryu was silent for about a minute before he replied. "I think I understand where you're
coming from. Akira is different to us, Akira wasn't there during our darkest hour so why
should we consider him part of the family?" He asked Ayako, who merely nodded.

"Hm..." Kiryu brought his hand to his chin and thumbed his stubble. "Perhaps Akira felt that
way too, once."

"Eh?" Ayako asked, looking at the man.

"Akira was older than any of you. Lived a completely different life from us, and had different
struggles. Morning Glory was as much of a stranger to him as he was to it. It's not my place
to say what he went through, but to suddenly go from where he was to a place filled with
children was likely jarring for him. Now, take a look at this..."

Kiryu gestured to a bedside table where a photo frame was standing up. In it was a photo that
had been taken about half a year ago. It was everyone at Morning Glory, grouped up on the
beach and smiling at the camera. In the picture, right next to Kiryu was Akira smirking and
throwing up a peace sign.

"That's not the face of a man who is anxious about his place in this family. Not anymore. If
he can accept his place here, and everyone else can accept his place here, then why can't
you?"

Ayako opened her mouth as if she was about to retort, but then closed it. That was...a good
point.



Kiryu continued. He's helped with fixing things around the orphanage, he cooks and cleans
like he was born here and he's always helping everyone else when I can't be there. And you
know what else...?" Kiryu put a hand on Ayako's shoulder. "He's always looking out for you,
Ayako. He may not have been here during difficult times, but he's here now, and he cares
about you; about everyone. Judging him on things that are so trivial...you're smarter than that.
Kinder than that."

Ayako listened intently as Uncle Kaz spoke, completely taken in by his words. When he put it
like that...she did seem like she was being fussy. She worked hard to be a sort of big sister
figure to the younger orphans like Haruka was, but she hadn't been treating Akira as a sibling
at all.

And when all that realisation and introspective came crashing down, she came to the
conclusion that she had been... unfair to him. Someone who merely wanted to be her brother,
just like everyone else in Morning Glory.

"Give him a chance. Ayako. I'm sure that Akira won't disappoint you." Kiryu told the girl.

"Maybe you're right, Uncle Kaz," Ayako sighed, looking down at the floor. "B-But I've been
so mean to him. How would I be able to apologise for that...?" She asked.

"Apologizing is the first step, Ayako. It takes courage to admit when we've made a mistake,
but it's the only way to move forward. I'm sure Akira will forgive you." Kiryu told her with
not a shred of doubt in his voice.

Ayako nodded slowly, feeling a mix of guilt and determination in her chest. She knew she
had a lot of work to do to make things right with Akira, but she was willing to try.

"Thank you, Uncle Kaz," she said softly. "Could...um, you be there when I talk to Akira? I'd
feel nervous otherwise," She requested, earning an amused expression from Kiryu. "Sure. As
long as you're able to tell him your feelings about all this, I don't think he'd mind you trying
to bridge the gap between you two."

A relieved smile stretched across Ayako's face, and a new resolve to fix what was broken was
born within her heart. "I'm...I'm gonna go practice!" She declared before jumping to her feet
and quickly leaving the room. She didn't want to rely on nervous word vomit when the time
came.

She slid open the door to the room and was about to dash to her own, but something
felt...weird.

She felt her gaze float over towards the side of the door. Her brow quirked. There wasn't
anybody there...

"Something wrong, Ayako?" Kiryu asked.

"N-No...I just...ah, it was probably just my imagination." She sighed. She shook her head and
slapped her cheeks twice.



Okay, no more stalling! She had an apology to practice!

"I don't belong..."

THUD!

"Just because I'm older...?"

WHACK!

"Because I wasn't there...?"

THUMP!

"WHAT KIND OF BULLSHIT IS THAT, AYAKO!?"

CLANG!

Akira flinched as he watched the metal pipe on the wall get torn off by a particularly
ferocious kick of his. He watched it clatter to the ground unceremoniously with a scowl still
on his face.

Honestly, that was why Ayako didn't like him? That was why, despite all that he had tried to
do to connect with her, he had failed? Because of something so trivial, something he couldn't
help.

It was so frustrating that he wanted to punch something, but he had somehow managed to
keep his cool long enough to get out of Morning Glory before he snapped at someone.
Nobody deserved to get shouted at.

Akira had kept anger in check as he made his way to an old stomping ground of his. A sort of
hideout from when he was still living on the streets. An abandoned industrial zone that was
basically just a graveyard of pipes, pallets and rusty machinery. There was nobody to hurt
here.

So Akira let his frustration out. He had to vent, to cool his head before he returned to
Morning Glory...

...was Ayako right? Was he just being a nuisance to everyone else that suffered together and
grew together? Was trying to fit in with Morning Glory even worth it if Ayako thought of him
that way?

"No. That can't be right." Akira whispered to himself. "Focus on your katas, Akira." He said,
his only company being the slight echo.

Yeah, he was overthinking it. Of course he was welcome at Morning Glory. Why would the
words of a twelve-year-old grief him like this? She was just a kid throwing a temper
tantrum...



Kinda like what he was doing now...

"Just focus on your katas..."

Akira rolled his shoulders and took a stance that was reminiscent of an MMA fighter. His
grey eyes stared ahead at opponents that weren't actually there. Every stain became a brute,
every shadow a thug. There was no better place to train.

 

Brawler, a versatile fighting style that would never betray...

 

Akira caught an imaginary fist in his grip and then leaned back to dodge the kick that came
his way. He then took the person in his grip's arm and threw it towards the second assailant,
glaring at the empty space they were occupying.

 

A jack-of-all-trades assault to bring the pain, take the pain and avoid it altogether.

 

He dodged another blow to the back of the head, turned on his heel and backhanded the air
before then rearing his first back and punching hard.

There was a massive crash as Akira's fist collided with one of the machines, causing flakes of
rust to fall from it and leaving a sizeable dent where his fist struck. Unperturbed, he dashed
from his position and gripped the shirt of his imaginary opponent. Over and over again he
punched the foe in the face before taking him down with a ferocious headbutt.

 

A style that could down legions of men with minimal effort. A style that could break bones
and spill blood like nothing.

 

A trick to the eyes it may have been, but a vague blue aura began to emanate from Akira's
body, his eyes aglow with fighting spirit.

But as soon as it appeared, it vanished just as suddenly as Akira swapped to a different
fighting style in less than a second.

Twirling on the balls of his feet, Akira brought his fists up to his face and bounced on his toes
like a boxer. More shadowy enemies came charging at him, but the ebony-haired teen wasn't
dissuaded at all.

 



Rush Style. A style of near-incomprehensible speed. Move like the wind and take down foes
just as swiftly...

 

Akira dashed around the group of thugs taking small jabs where he could whilst weaving
around any blows he saw coming like he was a dancer. Left, right, lean back...

 

What the style lacked in power it more than made up for it with tremendous speed.

 

He saw two opponents come rushing at him at the same time to strike him, but Akira dodged
to the side at the last second, causing the pair to hit each other. While they were dazed, Akira
twisted his body and cleaned their nonexistent clocks with a roundhouse kick.

 

A few strikes would fell him, so he simply wouldn't be struck.

 

As they both fell, another guy came in to replace them, swinging an uppercut at Akira, who
didn't miss a beat and brought his elbow down to match the punch, deflecting it and
shattering the guy's fingers.

This time a pink aura started to seemingly burn from Akira's body, and with how fast he
moved, it could barely cling to him. His speed was beyond crazy, possibly surpassing the
level of an athlete. His eyes stared ahead with an eerie and calculating calm, almost like he
could see the opponent move before they actually did.

With a wall and a thug superimposing onto each other, Akira ran up to the wall and leapt
towards it, planting his foot at just about where the guy's sternum was. He then used the
momentum to majestically backflip from his position, striking the chin like a wrecking ball.

He didn't waste a second once he landed and quickly swept his leg, which caused his foes to
fall.

Outmaneuvering them would always feel satisfying, but it was time to properly put his foes
to sleep.

Akira took a sharp breath and then brought his foot down so tremendously hard that dust
shook from the rafters of the place.

"RAAAAAAAAGH!!" He bellowed, like a crazed predator who was ready to kill

 



Beast Style. A style of monstrous strength and endurance. Power immeasurable and as
unyielding as solid steel.

 

He stomped towards his foes, with every muscle in his body tensed. He could picture the
intimidation on their faces.

One of the thugs lunged forward, swinging a meaty fist at Akira's head, but Akira dug in his
heels and imagined the first connecting with his forehead. He wouldn't allow himself to
budge, even when his opponent pulled his fist back and planted a spartan kick to his gut.

 

The Beast did not fall. It did not flee. It hunted.






Akira then dropped to his feet, rolling on the floor to pop back up behind the foe with ease
and delivered a devastating punch to his kidney, sending him stumbling to the ground. Akira
felt incredible power rushing through him, with transparent yellow flames leaking from his
body.

The other thugs rushed in, fists and feet flying vainly trying to defeat the Beast.






They'd die trying.






Spotting a pallet to his right, Akira picked it up with inhuman strength and swung it in a
massive arc, which knocked his foes backwards. He swung over and over again hefting the
pallet like it was a stick he found on the playground.

Once his foes had retreated, he tossed it towards them with a guttural roar, and while it hit
nothing, it would have been crippling in an actual fight.

Now, there were just a few foes left. Akira sighed and let the fury of Beast Style drain from
him. He had one last thing that he wanted to try...

He clenched his fists and calmed his breathing. He had to be completely focused to make this
style work. And even then, it was going to be hard.

He raised a single hand towards the group before him. "Come!" He challenged.








The style of the Legend...






Within seconds, he was surrounded on all sides and the blows started raining down upon him.
Akira dodged and weaved, his movements fluid and graceful. He gained some leeway with a
roundhouse kick that almost set off a chain reaction of these guys falling all over each other.






With the strength of Beast, the speed of Rush and the unification of both with Brawler.






He danced around any remnants, moving with grace and precision, never letting them land a
single blow. Not a movement wasted, not a single twitch unplanned. Every kick, punch,
grapple and dodge brought an end to his opponents' resistance.

An extremely faint white aura began to surround Akira...






The Style of The--






"Guah!"






Akira found himself falling to his knees as exhaustion overtook him like a flood. That style
was way too intense for someone like him.

He lay on the ground, panting as if he had truly been fighting for his life there. He had been
so focused on training that he had completely disregarded his growing tiredness. Especially
with that last style.

It was extremely draining, to a crazy amount. He didn't know how Kiryu could fight for
minutes on end with such a powerful style. Akira had managed to get the first three styles
down, but trying to learn the last one was next to impossible. He had put countless hours in
trying to replicate even a fraction of the last style's majesty, but he could never do it.



It was like that style was bred exclusively for Kiryu...

Akira groaned and pushed himself up from the floor, sitting up against a wall. God, his body
hurt. He has really pushed himself today, and it didn't take a genius to figure out why.

At the time, Akira had just been angry. So frustrated that he had to flee to his secret spot and
physically bash the feelings out of himself. Was that stupid?

Yes, yes it was. But Akira was a teenager. Teenagers did stupid things. Like forgetting to
bring something to drink. He was so thirsty after kicking the crap out of his imaginary foes.
He had stormed out of the house in such a state that he hadn't remembered to bring anything
with him.

The only thing that he did have with him with his wallet and the only reason he had that was
because it was already in his pocket when he left. He was honestly surprised that it hadn't
fallen out during his intense shadowfight.

He dug into his pocket and pulled it out. He looked within its confines and found ¥5,000.
Good, more than enough to grab a drink at the nearby Poppo.

Wincing, he got to his feet by pushing against the wall. He needed a drink...and a bath. He
was sweaty and covered in dust. He didn't want to answer any uncomfortable questions once
he returned home.

Ugh, and speaking of uncomfortable situations, what was he going to do when he saw Ayako
again? He had almost forgotten about that.

He had thought that he had made a place for himself within Morning Glory, but had he
really? It was that rant of Ayako's that he wasn't supposed to hear that had set his heart into
turmoil and filled his mind with doubts. It was why he needed to run off and train in the first
place. The last thing that he needed was to start snapping at the only people who had ever
cared about him.

He'd need to talk to her. No more pussyfooting around, trying to earn her favour. He needed a
serious talk with her. It didn't matter if she learned that he was eavesdropping. He wanted to
convince her that he belonged.

He started to limp towards the entrance. Before all that, he needed some water. Ooh, a
Staminan would be great!

Caught up in his thoughts while he was leaving, Akira failed to notice something quite
peculiar.

Namely, the presence of a lone butterfly, fluttering down from the rafters, its body aglow with
an ethereal blue. Sparkles seemed to follow with every flap of its wings. It was indescribably
beautiful.

It flapped around the warehouse as if it was taking in the destruction left by the irate teen. Its
gaze was drawn to the limping form of the young man.



Then, as quickly as it appeared, it fluttered back up to the rafters and vanished in a small
flash of blue particles. All with Akira being none the wiser...

"Thank you for your patronage!"

Akira gave a small wave to the Poppo clerk as he left the store. He had bought a bottle of
water and had nearly chugged the whole thing before he had even bought it. He had barely
left the store before he had uncapped it and started to gulp it down.

He sighed in relief as the water soothed his parched throat. All that exercise had drained him
to near zero, so it was nice to rehydrate. He felt worlds better already. Walking down the
silent streets with cool air on his face really helped him feel rejuvenated.

It was during a particularly deep swig that Akira noticed the sky and what was in his mouth
was almost spat out. It was super dark! Was he that tired that he hadn't noticed that it was
almost nighttime?

He looked around and to his shock, the streets of Okinawa were completely devoid of people.
The only sounds that he could hear were his own footsteps and the barking of a distant dog.

How long had he been training for!?

Thankfully, it didn't seem like it was too late. Maybe half past six, Akira didn't have a watch
or a phone to check the time. Either way, he had to get home quickly. It was probably getting
close to dinner time, and the others would probably be worried about him.

But his footsteps paused when a sudden, gruff voice pierced through the silence of the night.

"Just get in the car!"

Akira flinched. That...didn't sound good.

"Stop it!" Came another voice. A cry of somebody who was definitely female. "Let me go!"

Okay. It definitely wasn't good!

Within a second, adrenaline pumped through Akira's veins and his earlier pain vanished. The
voices were just ahead. He had to see what was going on...

He quickly sprinted around the corner and almost recoiled in disgust at what he saw.

Right next to a parked car with its lights on were a pair of adults, a bald man and a woman,
but the man had his arms around her whilst the woman was struggling, trying to get away.
His hands were even brushing against her butt and waist, much to the woman's discomfort.

"Don't give me that shit...!" The man snarled. He squeezed the lady harder, causing her to
gasp in pain.



"O-Ow...! Please stop!" She whimpered. Akira could hear the fear in her voice. Fear that
would be well justified should that man get her into the car.

Akira had seen enough. He wasn't going to let this continue. That guy was clearly going too
far! Uncle Kaz wouldn't allow this and neither would he! Without wasting a second, Akira
rushed up to the pair.

"Ah, what a waste of time. You think you're worth causing me trouble? Huh?" The man
snarled at the woman. The man had the woman gripped by the scruff of her coat, but his
movements were uneasy, sloppy. Characteristics of someone who was quite inebriated. There
was no doubt as to what was going on here. This woman was being sexually assaulted and
forced to go with a man that she did not want to.

"I-If you go any further, I'll call the police!" The woman threatened. It would normally be
enough to make any normal person back off, but the bald man smirked at her threat.

"Hm, call them if you want!" He scoffed. "The police are my bitches. They're not gonna take
you seriously." It was clear that this guy wasn't afraid of the police. And that caused some
questions to stir in Akira's head. Just who was this guy?

"No...stop!" The woman whimpered, tears streaming down her face.

"I'm the one who will steer this country towards a bright future. Incompetent fools like you--"

"Hey!" Akira called out to the man. He had already prepared himself for a fight. This wasn't
his first throwdown with a drunkard. "Let her go, now!"

That seemed to gain the man's attention and he turned his head to face Akira.

...

Shades? At this time of night?

"The hell you looking at, kid? Get lost!" The man snarled. A lesser man would probably back
down.

Akira was not one of those men.

"Get away from her. While you still can." Akira warned with narrowed eyes.

"Was that a threat, you little shit?" The man now fully turned away from the woman, who
was staring at Akira like a sole light in the darkness.

"She obviously doesn't want to go with you. Back off, man." Akira warned. "Or I'll make you
back off."

The teen's threat seemed to amuse the man and he smirked at Akira. "You trying to play
hero? How repugnant. Japan needs my guidance more than I thought. There are delinquents
like you under every rock."



"I'm the delinquent? You're the one trying to sexually assault this woman!" Akira retorted.
The arrogance of this guy!

"I don't give a fuck what you think!" The man snarled. "If you know what's good for you,
then leave right now. You don't want to know what happens when you cross me..." He told
Akira.

On one hand, that ominous statement had Akira feeling somewhat uncomfortable, but it was
difficult to take this guy's threat seriously when he was staggering on the spot.

At that moment, Akira heard something that filled him with relief. The sound of police sirens.
He could almost see their faint glow. They'd be here soon.

He glanced at the man, hoping to see some concern, but for some reason, instead of looking
worried, he simply looked perturbed.

"Someone called the cops, huh?" He muttered. Despite his lack of deference towards the
police. It was clear that he didn't want to deal with them.

He turned to the woman and went to grip her arm, intending to flee the scene with his
unwilling passenger, but hardly expected to have his own wrist gripped like a vice.

"That's enough." He heard a low voice say.

He looked to see the annoying brat, albeit one with a strong grip, holding onto his wrist. He
tried to pull his arm free, but the kid didn't budge.

"You...!" The man glared at Akira silently questioning the audacity of the boy who'd dare
touch him "Get your hand...OFF ME!"

He yanked hard to try and pull out of Akria's grip, but the boy's grasp barely loosened. He
tugged and pulled to no avail. It wasn't until Akira let go of the man's hand, seemingly
amused by his futile struggles.

This was during an especially sharp yank, during which the momentum caused the bald man
to stumble backwards. Had it not been for the wall behind him, he probably would have
tumbled to the ground.

He managed to stare at Akira with sheer hatred. "You...you're fucking dead, brat!" The man
hissed as he pushed himself upright from the wall and rushed at Akira whilst rearing his fist
back.

It would take a man of extremely high skill to land such an obvious strike on Akira. With this
guy's inebriated state, he was nowhere close.

Akira casually tilted his head to the side and let the fist whoosh past his ear.

"Huh?! Graahh!"



A second later he was met with the very satisfying sound of the man being made the victim
of his own momentum once again as he hit the ground with a thud. A small clatter brought
Akira's focus to the ground. It was the guy's shades. He must've hit hard to have them fall off.
No building to save him this time. Face, meet pavement!

Akira turned to look at the him, holding back a smirk as he painfully pushed himself off the
ground, now with a nasty gash on his forehead. It wasn't bleeding too much,but it did look
painful.

Akira and the woman watched as the man got to his feet, wobbling like he'd fall back down
any second. Akira didn't feel sorry for him in the slightest.

The bald man grasped his forehead in an attempt to stem the bleeding, all the while glaring at
the teen with spite.

And then, he said something that would haunt Akira for many months to come...

"Damn brat, I'll sue!"

Akira's fist clenched, and his rage began to build. Was this guy seriously this petty?

"For what? You fell on your own, after trying to hit me!" Akira replied. It wasn't like he was
upset that he was nearly hit, because dodging the blow was child's play, but it was the
principle of the matter.

"If you keep this up, then I'll report about the money. Is that what you want!?" The woman
stepped up, threatening the sleazebag with some kind of blackmail. Maybe seeing Akira in
action had given her some measure of courage.

Still, despite being wounded, the man gave an inaudible scoff. "Oh please, I just have to tell
them that you did it on your own. Your word won't mean shit compared to mine!"

"But...I did as I was told. You can't...you can't do this!" The woman replied. That small surge
of confidence that she got quickly started to dwindle.

"I can, and I will. You're finished, you hear me?" He snarled at the lady, but his vision was
quickly obscured by Akira standing in front of her.

"Shut up! You've put this lady through enough. Let's just wait for the cops to get here." He
shot right back at the man.

However, the evil expression on the man's face indicated that he wasn't cowed. For the first
time, the drunk made Akira feel like his nerves were being tangled.

"Oh yeah? How about I teach you about the way the world works, kid?" He snarled. Then he
looked past Akira and to the woman.

"Hey. Make this statement to the cops. "This kid suddenly attacked me." Got it? Say that, and
maybe I'll keep the matter of the money to myself..."



And Akira's heart ran cold.

He took a quick glance around and there were definitely no other witnesses that saw what
happened except for him, the drunk, and the woman.

If she was made to testify against him...

Reasonably, the woman looked horrified at the idea. "Wh-What!?" She squeaked.

"And if you say anything more than that, I'll make sure to ruin you. You don't want that,
right?" The man continued, taking a step towards the rattled duo.

Akira could not believe what he was hearing. "Oh my god... you're trying to frame me for
something I didn't do? You're pathetic!" Akira tried to put on a brave face, but inwardly he
was panicking.

"You shut up! You're done for. I'll tear you down, and then every goddamn person you
know!" The man snapped at Akira.

The threat clearly worked as Akira's mind quickly flashed through everyone at Morning
Glory. He'd not stop at him, but them as well, all to spite him?

No... He and Uncle Kaz would defend Morning Glory. Failing that was out of the question.

The trio's attention were drawn to the presence of blue and red lights atop a police car that
had finally pulled up. Two officers stepped out and approached them. A few minutes prior,
their arrival would have filled Akira with relief, but not anymore.

"Excuse me, folks, we received a complaint about an argument here. Is something the
matter?"

The drunk then turned towards one of the policemen, who seemed visibly startled. "Oh! It's
you, sir!" He said, which only further intensified Akira's dread at the fact that the suited man
hadn't been bluffing. "Are you okay? That wound looks bad." The cop said, gesturing to his
bleeding forehead.

"I'll live. But this is terribly painful..." The man said before turning to Akira and the woman.
"I think that she will be able to tell you what happened better than I can." He punctuated his
statement with a glare at the woman, who flinched. There was a clear message in those eyes.
One promising despair should the woman not do his bidding. There was also a hint of sadism
there as if he enjoyed turning the two onto each other.

Bastard probably did.

Akira grit his teeth at the bald man, but he couldn't do anything with the police there. Police
who were seemingly in this guy's pocket.

He then looked towards the woman, who looked conflicted. She...couldn't seriously be
considering this, could she? He had just stepped up to help her when no one else could have.
If he had done nothing, then God only knew what would be happening to her now. Akira had



saved her! Wasn't it common courtesy to return the favour? Akira had too much to lose from
a false accusation.

He stared at her, quietly begging her to tell the police that he was innocent. But her head was
hung, and her gaze didn't meet his. It was clear what her decision was...

"....That young man suddenly attacked him... He shoved this gentleman to the ground. And he
got injured." She muttered, hardly above a hum as Akira's face spoke of nothing but betrayal.

"That's right." The man nodded whilst crossing his arms. "And as for what will happen
concerning this, make sure the matter is handled as briefly as possible with minimal
investigation. No recordings, no interrogations and make sure that my name isn't mentioned
at all. Do not disappoint me." He instructed the pair like he was the damn police chief.

"Y-Yessir!" The slightly nervous policeman responded before turning to his partner. "Hey,
cuff him!" He ordered, pointing to Akira.

"I'm so...sorry..." The woman whispered to Akira. She started to walk away, with the sound of
her clicking heels resonating down the quiet streets. The dickweed drunk just smirked at him
before he stumbled over to his car and climbed in.

Akira didn't, couldn't respond as the reality of the situation fully dawned on him. He was
being arrested for nothing at all. The true criminal was getting off scot-free and the woman
had just peaced out! It was so unfair, so full of bullshit that he sort of switched off.

He didn't resist when his hands were cuffed behind his back and his rights were read. He
stayed as still as a statue when being driven to the police station, and the next moment that he
regained some form of clarity, he found himself in a windowless room with white walls with
nothing but a table, a chair, and a simple telephone. The stark white walls and harsh lighting
made him feel like he was under a microscope. Small and pathetic. A far cry from the man
that stood against the drunkard.

A police officer stood across from him, staring at him with a cold, calculating gaze. "Do you
know how much trouble you're in?" the officer asked, his voice stern.

Akira swallowed. "S-Sir, I swear to you--"

"I don't want to hear it," The cop scoffed. "I have my orders. Anything you have to say, you
can tell it to the judge," He said.

"Orders from that drunk who can't tell his ass from his face!" Akira snarled. "I've been set up,
and if you were a decent cop, you wouldn't be bending over backwards for someone like that.
This isn't justice!"

"Call it what you will, kid. I'm just doing my job. Keep your mouth shut, and cooperate. It
may not make your situation better, but it sure as hell won't make it worse."

The venomous words on the tip of Akira's tongue slowly died. Much as he hated to admit it.
He had landed himself in deep shit. The only thing that he could do right now was try to stay



calm. Easier said than done, of course.

"Now, I want you to look at the phone in front of you." The cop said, and Akira did so. "It is
customary for suspects to get one phone call. I suggest using it to contact your family, or a
lawyer if you have one." The cop turned away and walked to the door. "You have fifteen
minutes to make a call," he informed. "Then, you will spend some time incarcerated until you
stand trial." He added. He then opened the door to the room and walked through it. The clunk
of the door closing was beyond demoralising for Akira. Now, he was completely alone.

He sat nervously in the interrogation room, his hands clasped tightly in his lap. The cold,
metal chair he sat on was uncomfortable, but it was the least of his worries. His mind was
racing with thoughts of what was to come. He had never been in trouble with the law before,
and the uncertainty was eating away at him. Here he was, trapped in this room, arrested for a
crime he hadn't committed thanks to a dickbag with too much power.

Akira couldn't help but think about Morning Glory. They were probably all waiting around
the table, wondering where he was. The most sensible course of action was to call them...

But what was he supposed to say? What could he say after he had landed himself in water
this hot? Everyone would be so disappointed in him.

He had literally just told Kiryu that he'd stay out of trouble and here he was in just about the
biggest trouble that he could manage. What the fuck!

He dug into his wallet and gently opened it, looking at a picture that had been taken a long
time ago. It was everyone together, everyone smiling. It was the exact same picture that
Kiryu had in his room. It always made Akira's heart lighter whenever he gazed at the picture,
but now, he couldn't help but feel an insane amount of guilt.

No, he couldn't call Morning Glory.

The last thing that they needed was a lawsuit. They weren't exactly in the red, but Akira had
spied some bills a little while ago and they were just barely managing to pay them. A lawsuit
would run Morning Glory into the ground.

And not only that...but what about the societal impact of having an accused criminal hail
from Morning Glory. It didn't matter if he was innocent or not. People would look at that
stigma and immediately associate it with everyone else.

And then...

Oh god...!

Taichi's wrestling aspirations!

Mitsuo's promising future in baseball!

Haruka's dreams of being an idol!

What had he done!?



He clasped his face, hanging his head in despair. Everyone who had a dream or goal they
were working towards would have their desires ripped away simply from one false
accusation from that damned

drunkard.

Was this what he meant when he said that he'd tear down every person knew him? Akira had
seen some fucked up things in his days on the streets, but that guy was a whole new breed of
fucked up.

Had saving the woman even been worth it in the end? The only thing that it amounted to was
having his heroics shit on by all parties involved.

How could he have been so foolish? How could he have put the ones he loved in so much
legal jeopardy? Morning Glory was on the way to destruction, and it was all his fault!

"Hm...?" Akira brought his head out of his hands as he noticed a small slip of paper that was
tucked inside his wallet fall out onto the table. Akira looked at it for a second before his eyes
shot wide open and he began to unfold it.

There was a certain incident Akira had found himself a while ago when he found this piece of
paper in Kiryu's room while he was spring cleaning. He didn't know why he kept it. It seemed
like it was something that Kiryu didn't want them to see...

It was simple in nature, but the contents of it just may have been Akira's saving grace right
now...

Kiryu-san,

It's been a while since we've crossed paths. I've heard that you've set up shop in Okinawa of
all places. Good for you, their oceans are quite beautiful.

I am writing because I suspect that you may not require my services anymore, now that
you've settled into a peaceful life. But I still owe you a few favours, and, as you know, I'd be
remiss to leave my debts unpaid.

I still have a backdoor into countless police networks and public records, including Okinawa.
So if you ever find yourself in any trouble that you can't punch your way out of, call the
number I've included in this letter. I can provide any info you require.

I hope that I can fully repay my debts to you someday. Until we meet again, Kazuma Kiryu

-The Florist of Sai

Akira had no idea who this 'Florist of Sai' was or what was his connection to Kiryu, but he
didn't really care. The only thing that he did care about was the fact that this guy supposedly
had an in to Okinawa's police database and public records.

Now, Akira began to hatch an idea.



The idea was terrible. It could backfire, it could go nowhere. So many things could go wrong.

It was also the only idea that he had.

Gulping, Akira looked at the phone in front of him and grabbed it. It was a simple dial phone,
nothing fancy. Outdated, but it would get the job done.

He started punching in the number on the note. Sweat started to form on his brow and his
hands were trembling enough that he could barely hit the buttons, but he managed.

Once he finished dialling, he put the receiver up to his ear and prayed for an answer. He only
got one phone call, and if it went wrong then he could kiss his chances at mitigating the
damage of this charge goodbye.

His fingers drummed nervously on the metal table as the phone rang once...

Twice...

Three times...

Four times...

"Ah, Kiryu-san, I was beginning to think that I'd never hear from you."

Geez, the guy on the other end of the line's voice was hoarse and weathered. It sounded like
he smoked a pack of cigarettes and then gargled with molasses every day.

Still, Akira couldn't help the relief that he felt when someone actually picked up. Any voice
sounded like the friendliest voice ever to him.

Still, he had to play his cards right. This guy clearly thought that he was talking to Kiryu, so
this line must've been an exclusive one, just for him. That raised a bunch of questions for
him, but those were for later.

He steeled his voice and began to talk.

"I'm one of Kazuma Kiryu's wards. My name is Akira Kurusu."

He was met with silence on the other end. Clearly, this Florist hadn't expected it to be a teen
that would be the one to call him. Still, he hadn't heard a dial tone, so he continued.

"I'm sorry that I'm not Kiryu, but I'd like to cash in a favour on his behalf. Please, I-I need
help..." Akira tried to keep his voice strong, but the nerves were getting to him. He had to
constantly wipe sweat from his brow and he couldn't stop his leg from bouncing.

"Hm, Akira Kurusu, eh...?" There was the sound of keys tapping on the other end of the line
for a few moments before the voice spoke again.

"Okay, Akira Kurusu age sixteen, who lives at Morning Glory Orphanage, tell me the details.
Make it brief though. I'm not in the mood to have my time wasted by the prattling of a brat."



Akira ground his teeth in slight anger and disbelief. This guy had just dug a bunch of general
information on him in no time flat. His way of speaking was also infuriating, but he could not
let go of his only lifeline.

"I've been...accused of a crime..." He said.

"That's all? You are wasting my time. It can't be a big crime. You probably stole a porno mag
from the convenience store or something. Just pay the fine, and do a few hours of community
service. It's not the end of the world. Now goodbye!"

Akira's heart leapt up into his throat. He couldn't let this happen! He ended up saying the first
thing that came to his mind.

"Kiryu's way of life and the future of my family is on the line if you don't help!" Akira cried
desperately.

There was another pause, and the teen was shivering with anxiety.

"...Details. Now."

Akira held back a relieved sigh and began to explain.

"I've been falsely accused of assault. Some drunk guy was harassing a woman, I tried to stop
him, but he got hurt, accused me of assault and frightened the woman into testifying against
me. He said that he'd tear down, not just me, but everyone who cared for me. He even had the
cops follow his orders." Akira explained rapidly.

The Florist listened silently for the whole time. This was certainly bigger than he thought.
Someone who could manipulate the police force was not to be underestimated.

"Alright. I think I understand your situation." The Florist muttered.

"Thank you, sir." Akira sighed.

There was a small grunt on the other end. "Don't thank me yet, kid. I'm not sure I'll actually
be able to help you."

"What!? Why?" Akira questioned frantically.

"Listen, you've been accused by someone powerful enough to control the police and the
witnesses. The assault isn't on your record yet, but it's only a matter of time, and that's not
something I can change. My network focuses on information gathering, not altering. We
could probably do minor edits, but we can't make a criminal record go away. Especially in a
country like Japan, where the prosecution rate is over 99% I'm not like those hackers that
you see in the movies, kid. I can't make a crime disappear."

Akira was silent. His expression radiated conviction. He had a feeling that making a charge
go away was too good to be true.

But he had a backup plan.



"Then make me disappear."

"Excuse me?" The Florist asked.

"You said you can make edits to my public records. Can you alter them so I'm not affiliated
with Morning Glory in any way?" Akira asked.

There was a moment of silence on the other end of the line before the Florist spoke again.

"Hmm, changing your public records...that could work. It won't undo your crime, but all of
the flack falls on you, and not the orphanage. It's somehow both smart...and stupid." He said.
"You'd be giving up your home and your family. You'd never be able to reconnect with them if
you wish to keep any alterations intact. Are you sure you want that...?"

...

...

"I do. If it means I can protect them, then I'll...I'll..."

"Say no more kid." The Florist said somewhat fondly. "Hm, looks like Kiryu-san rubbed off
on you..."

"Wh-What was that?"

"Nothing."

There were a few more moments of keys tapping on a keyboard before he spoke again.

"Alright. How's this, I can set you up in a random unoccupied lot in Okinawa. Your "parents"
are currently travelling across the world. Any attempt to reach them should be met with
failure. They'll be gone for several years, which should give you the time to pay back the
lawsuit money yourself. After that, there'd be no need to look into your parents." He
explained. "I won't lie, it's a risky move and it's not going to be foolproof. You'll have to keep
a low profile and avoid drawing attention to yourself." He advised.

"Think of this whole thing like covering up a hole in the wall with a picture. It's normal when
you look at it from a distance. But you'll realise something's up if you take a closer look. I'm
sorry that we can't do much else but a patch job." The Florist explained.

"No. I'm glad that you're able to do this much. Thank you...thank you so much." Akira
whispered. At least now Morning Glory would be safe."

"Thank yourself, kid. Not a lot of adults have the balls to leave behind their home. You clearly
love it, if you're trying to save it from the backlash of this situation."

Akira nodded into the receiver. "Mm."

"But I suppose I shouldn't be surprised...by the ward of the legendary Yakuza, the Dragon of
Dojima."



Akira froze with his mouth agape. Did this guy just say what he thought he said?

"I'm sorry...did you just say that Uncle Kaz--"

"Kiryu was a yakuza, yes. If you're leaving him then I see no harm in telling you. It's a shame
to leave behind such a great man. Even if this whole thing came to pass, I've no doubt he
would have fought tooth and nail to make sure you were okay. He's always been like that." He
told Akira.

"Anyway, the alterations have been made. All records of you that they look at will now have
no connection to Morning Glory. They probably wouldn't have looked at them until they got
you in a cell, so that's lucky. But be sure to eat that note once you get the chance. I don't need
that kind of evidence in the hands of a kid dumb enough to land himself in this situation." The
Florist said in a slightly mocking tone.

Akira was about to reply before there was a loud bang on the door. "Hey, you've got one
minute left. Finish up in there!" Came the stern voice of the cop.

"Hm, looks like you're out of time." The Florist said.

"Yeah, I guess so," Akira replied. "I really appreciate what you've done for me. Tonight, you
saved my family. I won't waste the chance that you've given me."

There was a throaty chuckle in response. "Don't mention it. But one last thing, kid..." The
Florist smirked on the other end. "At the end of the day, I am an info broker..."

"H-Huh? What does that mean?" Akira asked.

"Godspeed, kid."

And with a click, the call ended.

Akira looked at the phone in his hand for a moment before placing it back in its holster on the
table.

His heart was racing. He had seriously done something that crazy. And he didn't know what
to feel. There were swirlings of despair in his heart, but there was also relief.

He had done all he could, and now Morning Glory would be safe...

Little drops of water slowly fell from his face and splattered on the table. Akira wiped his
brow to try and clear away what he presumed to be sweat, but the drops kept on coming.

"What...?"

He barely registered the door to the cell opening, and he looked up at the entering police
officer. He was holding something.

"Here, you look like you could use a couple of these..." The cop said, placing a box of tissues
on the table.



Akira was confused at first but then raised his hand to his cheek. There was a line of liquid
there. He tested the other cheek. There was water there too. And it wasn't stopping.

Akira's breathing began to grow heavier, and the brave face that he had been keeping up all
this time was finally beginning to crack.

In the span of a single night, he had lost everything. His home, his family, and his freedom.
Men with the strongest of wills would be devastated by that. And Akira was only a teenager.
He was distraught.

For the poor boy, instead of ending his night surrounded by family and eating a lovingly
crafted meal, he ended it cradling his head in his arms and crying harder than he ever cried in
his life all while the cop stood over the teenager whose life was now ruined.

If you asked Akira Kurusu what the worst feeling in the world was, he could now say with
certainty. What made his heart hurt?

What made his blood run cold? What made him despair?

It was having nothing. Then gaining everything, only to have nothing once again...

Akira sighed as he stood on the platform to board a train out of Okinawa. He reached a finger
up and pushed a pair of glasses up the bridge of his nose. They weren't prescription, but
instead fake.

He didn't know why he needed glasses of all things, but they would supposedly help him
come across as non-threatening as possible. They were a bit uncomfortable, but the person
who gave them to him assured him that he'd get used to them.

He couldn't remember the name of said person. He had so many dreary meetings with
countless people in the last couple of weeks, they all just kind of...blended together.

Yes, it had been two weeks since Akira had been thrown into the clusterfuck that was the
Japanese legal system. He spent the first couple of days in the police station, and then another
few in juvenile hall whilst the matters of his trial were sorted out.

During that time, he received disheartening news in the form of a letter telling him that, due
to his new criminal record, he had been expelled from his high school. He hadn't been too
attached, but he had admittedly enjoyed it. He had barely gotten in as well...

He also received a strange envelope, but the front told him to not open it until the commotion
around his case died down. Akira was insanely curious but managed to resist the urge.

As for his "trial"...what a farce. Akira had no chance of winning from the moment he entered
the courtroom. The judge had decided his sentence from the moment he took the stand, the
lawyer they'd given him was so mediocre that Akira legitimately couldn't remember a single
thing that he said and the "Guilty" verdict was handed out before they could even have a
recess.



Thankfully, Akira wasn't put behind bars. As he was a minor with no prior criminal history,
they were lenient on him. There were two stipulations he had to deal with. First, he owed
¥5,000,000 to pay off the lawsuit.

Technically, his nonexistent parents were supposed to be the ones paying, but trying to get in
touch with them obviously wouldn't work. Luckily, there was a window of about a year to
pay it, so as long as he could earn the money himself, he'd be able to avoid suspicion. He'd
have to find some work where he was going.

Speaking of which, that was the second part of his sentence. Probation. He would be moving
away from Okinawa and living in the bustling metropolis known as Tokyo.

At first, he thought he'd just get some kind of craphole apartment with agents across the street
filming his every move, but apparently not.

There was a guy who had put his name forward to take care of Akira during his probation
period. He supposedly owned a cafe and lived in the streets of Yongen-Jaya. Sojiro Sakura
was the guy's name.

Akira did prefer to have just one guy keeping an eye on him than the agents thing...

At least this way, he'd know that he'd be put up somewhere livable. He'd have a roof over his
head and somewhere to sleep. The last thing he wanted was to be on the streets again.

His meal situation didn't look good though. He didn't expect this guy to feed him, so he'd
have to provide for himself. Unfortunately, that wouldn't be feasible until he had a job.

All the money that he had left in his wallet at the time of his arrest had gone into purchasing
attire and other essentials. A few cheap shirts and pants, a toothbrush, just stuff that he'd need
once he was there. There was also what he was wearing currently, a uniform for the school
that he'd be attending during his probation. A place called Shujin Academy. Like most new
outfits, the uniform felt stuffy and uncomfortable, but it was again something that he would
need had to deal with.

He wished that he had more stuff with him, but he couldn't exactly go back home to grab it.
So all that he had of his belongings right now was what was in a simple canvas shoulder bag.

God, it was so sad...

But, if there was one silver lining to this whole situation, the one ray of light that pierced
through the clouds of sorrow that had been hanging over Akira all this time, it was that not
once had Morning Glory been mentioned.

They had probably been looking for him, asking around and trying to track him down, but he
couldn't let their efforts come to fruition. Associating with them at all would undo everything
that he'd done to spare them from the legal backlash. He couldn't even risk writing them a
goodbye note.



Even if they did eventually learn of his arrest, the details weren't for public knowledge.
Tracking him down would be next to impossible, especially for people that he now has no
relation to.

It was better this way. Morning Glory would stand. Everyone that he loved there would
remain untainted, and that was a fact that he'd appreciate, even if it meant that he could never
see them again.

Ayako would probably be happy about that...

He was brought out of his melancholic musing when a train finally pulled up to the station. It
was Tokyo bound. This was his.

The door hissed open and a stream of people started to ferry out. Akira tried to step aside so
he didn't get bowled over. Soon though, the people cleared away, and the entrance was clear

Anxious filled him as he stared ahead at those doors. The moment that he climbed aboard, his
old life would end and his new one would begin. He didn't have time to hesitate though. He
was expected to arrive at Sojiro Sakura's in the afternoon and it was a seven-hour train ride to
Tokyo.

And here he was without a book to read...

Akira sighed once more and after taking one final look at Okinawa, slowly stepped forth
towards the train doors.

 

Hm...it may have been his imagination but...

 

That butterfly was very blue, wasn't it?



Chapter 2: Dragon in a Dry Land
Chapter Summary

Akira arrives in Tokyo. And no, he is not having a good time.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Mnnn...huh...?" Akira groaned as he slowly opened his eyes. For a moment, he didn't
remember where he was. He raised his hand to his face to push up his faux glasses and rub
the sleep from his eyes.

Ah yes, he knew where he was now. He was sat on a train, being carted to his new life at 300
kilometres an hour. Just lovely...

The wonderful blue oceans of Okinawa had long since been left behind. His home and his
family had long since been left behind.

"It's better this way..." Akira reminded himself.

He pushed himself off the handrail he'd been resting his head on, wincing a little as the
consequences of resting his head on a metal pole for about six hours became apparent to him.
The left side of his face was throbbing and Akira was pretty sure that there was some kind of
mark there. Hopefully, that would go away before he met this Sakura guy.

Still, props to the Japanese Transport System and their bullet trains; he hadn't budged even
slightly during the ride. He definitely needed that sleep, as uncomfortable as it was. The past
couple weeks of his life had made taking a nap next to impossible.

And yet, his nap had not come without a price. Nearly six hours of sitting in the same
position had made his butt ache and caused his legs to fall asleep.

He groaned a little and stretched his body. There were a few small popping and cracking
sounds that drew the attention of the passenger sitting next to Akira. He looked a little
perturbed at the sounds Akira's body made but soon returned to looking at his phone.

Akira shifted a little in his seat and grunted as he felt the numbness in his legs. God, the pins
and needles were going to be a bitch to deal with.

He tried to distract himself from the coming tingles by looking at the scenery blurring by.
Since he'd been asleep, he hadn't seen the transition from Okinawan beauty to Tokyo's urban
ingenuity. Okinawa wasn't exactly primitive, but it seemed a bit rural compared to Tokyo. He
couldn't remember the last time he saw buildings this big in person.



At that moment, his attention was then grabbed by the small chime of the P.A system.

"Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for riding with us today. We'll be arriving in Shibuya
shortly. This is the last stop for this line. Please transfer here for all subway lines. The doors
to your left will open..."

So, he'd be getting off this train soon. That fact alone filled him with all sorts of anxiety. Here
he was, about to take his first steps into this bustling metropolis. He was to get off at Shibuya,
then make his way to the subway lines where he would then reach Yongen-Jaya. Assuming
he didn't get lost...

Who was he kidding? Of course he would.

With how fast he had gone through his meagre savings, he didn't even have enough to buy a
map. He would have to rely on the goodwill of people to find his way. It was going to take a
lot of getting used to when it came to catching public transport.

He winced as the pins and needles assaulted his legs and gripped the bar. He could feel the
train start to slow down, indicating that it was pulling into the station. He hoped the tingling
would abate before then.

Sparing one last look around the carriage that had been his home for the past six hours, he
spotted a pair of girls, talking to each other and giggling. He didn't fully pay attention to
them, but he heard bits and pieces, stuff like...mental shutdowns and occult stuff...?

Eh, it was probably just the latest anime or something. Nothing to do with him.

As the train ground to a stop, he managed to find his footing and get to his feet. They were
still a little tingly but it was nothing that he couldn't handle. He picked up his bag containing
all his worldly possessions and made his way to one of the left doors. There were a bunch of
people who seemed ready to leave as soon as the doors opened. Akira couldn't help but
wonder how many of these people had been unjustly accused and were now living out a
probation in Tokyo.

Probably just him.

With the train now stopped, the doors hissed open, and everyone was free to leave.
Businessmen, students, and parents with their children. People from all walks of life alighted
from the train, and Akira was no exception. With how many people there were, he was
practically shoved out onto the platform with nary a minute to prepare himself.

Akira found himself caught up in the crowd, jostled this way and that until he stumbled out
onto the platform. He readjusted his grip on his bag and fixed up his glasses from that
stampede as well.

Yeah, they still felt weird.

With little indication other than the occasional sign, Akira had no choice but to follow the
mass of people exiting the station. He hoped he was going the right way as he walked out



from the station. From there, he was immediately met with the sight of towering buildings,
cars impatiently waiting for the roads to clear and hundreds of people, all walking in different
directions, talking on their phones, laughing with friends.

So this was the famous Shibuya Crossing...

According to the signs he had seen, the subway was on the other side of this crossing. If he
looked real close, he could definitely make out the entrance to the subway. Good. He was one
rung below lost now.

Then he took a look at the crowd that he'd have to assimilate with and grumbled.

Well, he shouldn't waste time. His ride to Yongen-Jaya could be coming soon. He'd find out
when he saw the timetable.

He took a deep breath and began to weave his way through the crowd, inching towards the
subway. It was like he was swimming in a sea of people, all moving in their own currents. It
was almost suffocating, compared to Okinawa. Everyone was walking like crazy, as if they
were the most important person on the road and the sheer cacophony of countless people
conversing was almost dizzying.

"...Hey Mommy, can we have a Big Bang Burger...?

"...and so, I told her that I didn't want the money back, just get me my designer shirts..."

"...let's see, it's supposed to be somewhere around here...

"...guys wait up, there's a rock in my shoe. THERE'S A ROCK IN MY-"

"Mmm, not in a drinking mood tonight either? I see, well the offer's always open..."

"...for goodness sake, how was I supposed to know what was going ooooooooooo..."

"Eh?" Akira's instincts started to kick in at that last one. Something didn't feel right.

He looked towards where that voice had come from. It appeared to be a businessman...who
was frozen in place like a statue.

"What the...?" Akira muttered to himself, but that's when he started to hear the countless
people that populated this crossing going silent, one by one.

He snapped his head back to the crossing and to his shock, found everybody frozen in place.
As if time had come to a standstill.

For a moment, Akira just stared, looking at the hundreds of people in utter disbelief. He did a
double take, but that only confirmed that the entirety of Shibuya Crossing had frozen. And it
wasn't only the people. The billboards, the cars, and even the birds in the sky had come to a
complete stop.

Was he...was he still asleep on the train? Was this a dream...?



No, everything had felt too real to be a dream. He knew that he stepped off that train, he
knew that he had walked into Shibuya Crossing and he knew that right now, everything had
been frozen in time.

Wait...something was moving!

He squinted and peered into the distance, trying to see what was happening. In the faraway
spectators' section, he saw something blue and flickery, almost like flames. Before the
countless still spectators, blue flames congregated and towered above them with a whoosh.

These were no ordinary flames; they had some kind of form and structure. They danced about
as if alive, but also seemed as though it was not entirely under their control. Akira didn't
know what to do but watch in astonishment.

Was it him, or were those flames...taking shape? They moved sluggishly at first, linking
together like building blocks, each a different shade of blue depending on how hot it burned.
The fire coalesced into an amorphous pyre and rose into the sky crazily.

It was...growing more solid, straightening out into a humanlike figure. Akira could make out
a broad-shouldered humanoid outline made of flames that seemed to glow from within, but
with arms hanging low.

And at that moment...a face stared out from the azure conflagration. It was smiling manically
as it stared forward with golden, unsettling eyes.

Eyes looking straight at him...

And within a blink, everything returned back to normal. Shibuya restarted like time hadn't
frozen at all and that strange entity was nowhere to be seen.

"The hell...?" Akira whispered to himself. What on earth was going on? Was he the only one
to see what just happened?

He didn't even have the time to think about anything before he was barged into by some
random guy.

Hey-" Akira began to say. But his aggressor hadn't even had the decency to stick around to
say sorry and vanished into the crowd within a second. The tides of the crowd took him, and
if Akira didn't want that to happen again, he needed to get moving himself.

He forced his legs to move, one step in front of the other. All the while, he was looking all
around, trying to find a glimpse of that strange fire, and that weird being that emerged from
it.

He found nothing...

Was that just some kind of weird hallucination then? It had to have been, right? Time
stopping, plumes of fire appearing with weird creatures as their heralds.



Maybe he hadn't got as restful of a nap on the train as he thought, or maybe he was just super
stressed. He certainly had a surplus of things to be upset about.

Yeah, nothing like that could ever happen in reality. Forget about it and move on...

"A... cafe?" Akira questioned aloud as he stood out the front of a quaint little establishment.
The sign up top read 'LeBlanc Coffee and Curry'

According to the delivery person that he spoke to out the front of Sojiro Sakura's house, this
was where Akira would find the man.

He had been given the runaround when it came to getting here. He missed the first train to
Yongen-Jaya and had to ask when the next one would be. A helpful staff member set him on
the right path, so he was only about half an hour late in getting to his new neighbourhood.

Tracking down Sojiro's address was easy, but when he knocked, he received no reply. He
tried looking into the windows, but the only one that he could find had the blinds drawn,
though now that he thought about it he felt a curious gaze aimed at him from that window...

But it was hardly the time to pursue his instincts. One helpful delivery person later and now
he found himself in front of this cafe.

This was where he'd meet his caretaker for his year of probation. Akira couldn't help but
wonder what kind of man Sojiro Sakura was. He did agree to shelter a "delinquent" like him,
so he was either confident that he could keep Akira in line, or he really needed the money.

Well, it was time to meet him.

Akira placed his hand on the door and pushed it open. A bell above the door jingled as he
walked inside. In doing so, he was immediately assaulted by the scent of brewing coffee and
the almost intoxicating smell of spices. It made his stomach immediately yearn for a bite of
whatever could produce such a delightful smell.

He hadn't had a proper meal for a long time. The past couple of weeks had been prison food,
consisting of an apple, a bread roll and slop that tasted like wet paper.

Akira stood firm. He wouldn't make a bad first impression by asking for food. He already
knew that he wouldn't be getting handouts.

To distract himself, he looked around the cafe. It was pretty much what he expected, with
complicated gadgets that he could only assume were for coffee brewing. There was a
doorway in the back that led to a small kitchen. Jars upon jars of coffee beans lined the
shelves behind the counter, and there was even an old television tucked into the corner of the
place, droning on about a news story involving a traffic accident.

The counter was lined with barstools and to the left there were several tables where people
could sit and eat. Standard expectations for a cafe.



A cafe that didn't have too much business from the looks of it. There were only two seniors,
presumably a couple, who were actually dining. Aside from a man leaning on the counter,
reading a newspaper, there was no one else.

That man looked pretty old himself. Probably older than Kiryu. Definitely middle-aged.
Based on the fact that he was wearing an apron, Akira assumed that this was the man he was
searching for. Sojiro Sakura.

He looked pretty unassuming. Slicked back hair, a goatee so spiky that it could take an eye
out and short-sighted if those spectacles were any indication. Cream pants and a pink shirt
definitely didn't place this man as threatening, but Akira knew that this guy was responsible
for his livelihood for the next year. It was best not to piss him off.

"Um...excuse me!" Akira asked.

"Hm?" The man looked up from his newspaper and took a look up and down Akira who was
trying to look as polite and formal as possible.

"Are you Sakura-san? My name is Akira Kurusu." Akira didn't go into any detail concerning
why he was here. He didn't want to create a scene when this guy still had customers around.

The man's grey eyes stared at Akira before widening in realisation.

"Ah, that's right. That was today, wasn't it?" He muttered, placing the paper down on the
counter. "You were supposed to be here earlier. I was starting to think you wouldn't come."
The man told Akira, crossing his arms. Based on his body language and the unwelcome tone
of voice, Sojiro definitely didn't sound pleased to see him.

Well, a supposed juvenile wouldn't have many people jumping for joy.

"Urk...! S-Sorry about that, sir. I got a bit turned around when it came to the subway lines."
Akira quickly apologized, bowing his head, hoping he appeared humble.

"Hm, well you seem to be polite, at least..." Sojiro grunted.

"Thank you, for the coffee, Sakura-san. The payment's on the table." The old man interjected
as he and the woman stood up and began to shuffle out of their seats. It was clearly difficult
for them.

"Would you two like a hand?" Akira found himself asking before he could stop himself.

"Oh, we're just fine, dear. But thank you for offering." The old lady smiled at Akira sweetly.
Akira would be lying if that didn't make him feel kind of happy. He hadn't got a lot of kind
smiles for a while. That happiness was quick to wilt when he caught Sojiro giving him the
side-eye.

"I must say, Sakura-san, I always feel very cosy here. The atmosphere and the meals you
provide are quite splendid, not to mention, there's no risk of a car crashing in here, haha!"

That...was a weird thing to say.



"What?" Sojiro asked, clearly thinking the same.

"Well, what with all of those strange incidents happening recently, it's rather concerning. I
hope that nothing so terrible happens around here."

"That kind of stuff doesn't really matter to me," Sojiro said as he gave his shoulders a light
shrug.

"I see...well, we'll see you next time." The elderly man said. Both he and his partner then
started making their way out of the establishment, eventually leaving LeBlanc with another
chime of the bell.

As soon as they were gone, Sojiro's seemed to deflate, and Akira likened it to him taking his
customer service face off. Sojiro then looked to Akira, who was now quite conscious of the
fact that he was alone in this place with his caretaker.

"Not even here for a minute, and you're already trying to endear yourself to my clientele?"
Sojiro asked him in an accusatory tone.

"What? N-No! Not at all! I-I was just-"

"Forget it." Sojiro interrupted Akira's frenzied and scrambled defence. "Just don't bother the
customers, got it?" He asked.

Akira silently nodded.

"So, you're Akira, right? My name is Sojiro Sakura, and you're going to be in my custody for
the next year. I have to say though, I wasn't expecting you to be so...well, average. I expected
someone more unruly. Tattoos, piercings, a rebellious haircut." Sojiro said, smirking a little.
"But you look pretty normal."

"I...uh...well I'm glad that I...exceeded your expectations?" Akira asked more than replied.
Was this guy messing with him? Just who was he expecting to take in?

"Hm..." Sakura grunted. "Well, I'm very distanced from your situation. One of my customers
knows a guy, who knows a guy, who knows someone involved with your case. That news
eventually made its way over to me. I'm about as random a pick as random can get."

Akira quirked his head. So this man was completely unconnected to the case but had
volunteered anyway to be his caretaker?

"Now, follow me, I'll show you to your room." Sojiro turned away from Akira and waved his
hand passively. He looked to be heading to the stairway at the opposite side of the cafe from
the door.

He actually got a room? He was half convinced that he was just going to be made to sleep on
the floor. Maybe a couch if he was lucky. But he had a room?

...



...

Wait. Show him his room?

In the cafe?

Well, Akira's expectations were low, but geez, this place was filthy!

Upstairs had led straight to a large attic area that was beyond filthy. There were tarps
haphazardly thrown over a shelf and what looked like a workbench, spiderwebs everywhere
he looked, boxes and trash bags were strewn about the place, mould growing in the corners,
paint chipping off the walls. And the dust! The floor, the walls, everything was covered in
what could have only been many years of dust. It was so musty that each breath caused
suffocating specks to enter his nostrils.

Then he saw the window.

Target acquired.

"This is your room. For your probation, I'll have you living-h-hey!" Sojiro was cut off as
Akira walked straight past him and reached for the windows.

"Sorry, Sakura-san, give me a second..." Akira replied, quickly unlatching the windows and
giving them a tug. It took a couple of tries as they hadn't been used for a while. Eventually
though, they opened with a shrill creak, allowing the first bit of fresh air that this room had
seen in years to flow in.

"Yeesh...that's gonna need some WD-40..." Akira muttered to himself as he brushed his hands
off. He then made his way back to Sojiro.

"Sorry about that Sakura-san. There's a lot of dust in here..." Akira said flatly, as if that was
the only thing wrong with this room.

Sojiro had the decency to look a little ashamed at the state of the room that he was putting a
kid in, but he brought back his stern face.

"Well, this is the best that you're gonna get. I'm not letting a delinquent like you live in my
house." He said with an almost defensive tone. "In fact, I don't want you coming anywhere
near my place, unless it's an emergency, got it?"

Akira was a bit put off by the man's reply but nodded his head regardless.

"Yes, sir." He answered. He turned his gaze back to the room he'd be staying in.

"There's a bed over there that I set up for you. I can give you sheets for it, but as for the rest
of this room, it's up to you to clean it. You probably prefer a tidy space to live in." Sojiro told
him.



Akira looked at the bed and grimaced. The "bed" was a futon rolled over some milk crates. It
hardly looked comfortable. It'd be slightly more comfortable than that beat-up couch over
there though.

"It...could use some TLC..." Akira muttered a small joke, but his delivery was much to be
desired. Sojiro huffed in response.

"Well, you can "TLC" it on your own time." He told Akira. "Now, let me tell you how this is
going to work." He held up one authoritative finger and Akira was suddenly reminded of one
of Kiryu's lectures.

"Every night, I'll be leaving after I lock up. You'll be here alone, and during that time, I don't
want you to do anything stupid. You will not steal anything. You will not break anything, and
you will not sneak out. If you cause any trouble, I'll kick you out without a second thought, is
that clear?"

Akira nodded. Sojiro was really laying down the law. That was expectable when you were
bringing a juvenile into your home...well, place of business in this case.

"Good. So, how about we go over your situation?" Sojiro changed the subject. "You tried to
protect some woman from being assaulted by a man, and the man sued you because you
injured him. Right?" Sojiro recounted as he shifted his weight onto one foot. "That's what
you get from trying to play white knight. You were expelled from your high school, got an
assault on your record and you transferred here, all from trying to stick your nose where it
didn't belong." Sojiro said.

"I barely did anything." Akira interjected bitterly "The ground kicked that guy's ass way more
than I did."

"I don't care. The point is that you were sued and you were transferred here to live out your
probation, and your parents are travelling so they don't even know what happened to you.
What if they came home right now, only to learn that their son now has a criminal record?"

Akira had to hold back a small snicker. Yeah, that wouldn't be happening. Though, he could
only hope that Morning Glory would continue to stay in the dark. They were a better match
for Sojiro's query.

"Look, I don't wanna have to call up the people handling your case and tell them to throw you
in juvie, so keep your head down, stay out of trouble, and come next year, your probation is
lifted and you can get out of my hair," Sojiro explained.

"I got it. Um..." Akira raised his hand. "I was also supposed to go to a school here, right?" He
asked.

"Yeah, Shujin Academy. It's the only school that would take you, so if you mess up there, you
don't get any more chances. As a matter of fact, we're actually meeting with the staff
tomorrow. Try not to make a bad first impression, alright?"

"Got it, don't worry. I'll behave myself." Akira replied.



"Yeah, yeah," Sojiro said before looking past Akira and down the stairs. "Now, you should
probably get to cleaning this place up, you might need the space when the rest of your things
arrive."

"My what?" Akira asked.

"Your luggage. It hasn't been delivered yet, but it should be some time today. You'll need
space to put it, right? I hope it gets here before I have to close, I want to get home quick
today." Sojiro commented with a sort of smug expression. That didn't amount to much though
when Akira looked down at the ground silently and murmured something.

"What was that?" Sojiro questioned.

"Um...you don't need to bother with that, Sakura-san...I have all my luggage...right here..."
Akira pat his canvas shoulder bag with a look akin to embarrassment.

"What...?" Sojiro replied, with widened eyes. "Don't tell me that you only brought enough
stuff to fill that one bag!?" He asked incredulously. "You're supposed to be living here for a
year!"

"I know. I know, but there were some issues at home and I had no choice but to buy just the
bare essentials. A few outfits and some toiletries, and that's it." Akira replied with a grimace.
It was clear that he wasn't proud of the fact.

"Christ, kid...you had to buy it? How much money do you have on you right now?"

Akira frowned at the closest Sojiro had come to looking concerned and dug into his pocket
for his wallet. He opened it up and counted the coins inside before pocketing the wallet once
more.

"217 yen..." Akira answered quietly.

"Oh for the love of...!" Sojiro palmed his face. The older man then took a deep breath and
sighed. "There's no way to bring anything from your home?" He asked.

"No. B-But was planning on getting a few part-time jobs anyway. If I need anything else, I
can just buy it with the money I earn."

Sojiro stared at Akira with a harsh look before he dug into his own pockets and took out a
1,000 yen note

"Here."

"Sakura-san?"

Sojiro handed Akira the note. "Look, it'll buy you a couple of uses with the laundromat and
the bathhouse. Don't expect any more handouts though. As soon as you find a job, I expect
you to pay me back. Don't go spending this on anything other than those two things,
understand?" Sojiro told him.



"Y-Yeah. Uh, thank you..." Akira said, looking at the note. That was actually kind of
thoughtful of Sojiro, despite how unwelcoming he'd been thus far.

He was wondering how he'd bathe or wash his clothes when he was living in a cafe that
would presumably not have a washing machine or a bath.

"Now, if you're going to clean, I suggest you start now. You'll find everything you need in the
bathroom downstairs. Then you can wash your uniform and have a bath before I lock up." He
told Akira. "And try to keep the noise down. I'm still running a restaurant down here, and I
don't need you bothering my customers."

Sojiro deemed that the conversation was over and turned on his heels to retreat down the
stairs, leaving Akira alone.

Akira slowly walked over to the bed and he sat down. The motion caused some dust to kick
up, which Akira waved away.

A whole year living here, of laying low and living out a probation that he didn't deserve. A
year to earn as much money as he could to eventually pay off his lawsuit. A whole year...

And for what?

Even if he did survive this year in a new city, pay off the lawsuit and not draw attention to
himself, it wasn't like he was aiming to get back what he lost. He wasn't allowed to. That was
the choice that he made when he used the Florist to make him disappear from the only home
that he'd ever known.

When his probation ended, there was nothing waiting for him there, nothing that he could
come back to. What would happen then? Would he have to go back to living on the streets of
Okinawa? Or maybe he'd need to travel so he didn't run into Kiryu or the others at Morning
Glory at all.

Maybe Fukuoka? It seemed like a good place to disappear...

Or Yokohama? That city was vast and had options for homeless people.

Possibly Onomichi? He could probably find unorthodox ways to work there.

Or maybe he'd just find a cabin in the woods and live there for the rest of his life. It wasn't
like he had anything else to look forward to.

That fucking drunkard. He really had ruined his life...

...

Well, he had a whole year here to consider his options, no point in spending the first hour of
it sulking.

In any case, he had some cleaning to do. It should get his mind off these grim thoughts...



He stood up, walked downstairs, and entered the bathroom to collect the necessary tools. A
mop, a bucket, some rags, a duster, a coarse brush and several solutions to make that room
really shine.

He carried everything back up to the attic that was now his room, missing the glance that
Sojiro shot at him before the man returned to brewing a cup of coffee.

If Sojiro had any expectations, he put them rather low. After all, how well could a delinquent
like Akira clean?

Maybe he should have aimed his expectations a little higher, because if there was one trait
that Akira shared with Kazuma Kiryu...

It was that they both had NEVER been able to take anything lightly, no matter how mundane.

110% OR BUST!

About two hours later, Sojiro decided to check on Akira. He had heard shuffling and
clattering from upstairs, so the kid was obviously trying to clean.

He'd be the first to admit that how he'd set the kid up wasn't the greatest, but it was the only
space that he had that he wasn't currently using. And setting him up in his own house was not
in the cards at all. Not with all the issues that would come from it...

Sojiro looked at the floor behind the counter, where there was a small cardboard box. It had
arrived a couple of days ago, and the guy who delivered it said that it was for the kid that he'd
be taking on. He'd already checked the contents himself, and while initially confused about
what was inside, the delivery person made some good points as to how these items would
help with Akira's probation.

Well, he should probably give this to the kid before he forgot. There weren't any customers
right now, so he had time.

Sojiro picked up the box and made his way to the stairs. "Hey, kid!" He called. "I've got
something that I need to give you!"

He proceeded up the stairs to what he expected would be the same filthy attic.

He couldn't be any more wrong.

"Wh-What the hell!?" Sojiro gasped as soon as he laid eyes on the room. What had once been
an amalgamation of dust, clutter and trash was now... unrecognisable from the one he had left
just hours before.

The windows, once grimy and opaque, now shone with a brilliant clarity, letting in streams of
late afternoon sunlight. The miscellaneous crap that had been shoved up here was gone,
either neatly tucked away in one of the shelves or outright disposed of.



And the dust that had covered this room, he couldn't find a speck of it now, not on the table,
not on the floor, not on the windowsill, nowhere! The place obviously needed some serious
dusting but this went beyond thorough!

The tarps that had covered both the workbench and the other shelf had been removed. The
shelf in particular had all the books that were previously loose in there stacked up on the
bottom shelf with plenty of space to spare. The plant that would normally be buried under
various pieces of junk now stood out as a decoration piece for the immaculate room.

Every speck, every stain, everything was clean all the way down to the railing for the
stairway.

"The hell...were you a maid before you became a delinquent?" Sojiro asked with wide eyes.
This place has gone from disgusting to cleaner than his own room!

That's when he noticed something missing from this scene. Namely Akira. He was nowhere
to be seen in this room.

"Kid? Akira?" He called out. The hell he'd gone?

"Oh! I'll be done in a sec, Sakura-san!" A voice came from above.

"No way..." Sojiro thought. With a face that quickly twisted into one of disbelief, the man
looked to the rafters...

Where he saw Akira standing on a beam, brushing away stray spiderwebs.

"What the hell are you doing up there!?" Sojiro cried in alarm.

"I'm getting the last of the spiderwebs?" Akira replied as if it was the most obvious thing in
the world. He scraped along a corner to dust away a hard-to-reach web.

"Just...just get down here before you hurt yourself..." Sojiro groaned in an exasperated tone.
Akira stared at him for a moment before he finished the job with a final swipe of his duster.
Then he scooted off the beam and landed on the floor with a crouch.

"I don't want you doing that again. It's dangerous." Sojiro said sternly. "Get an extendable
duster next time." He sighed. God, he barely started his probation and already he was being a
problem.

Although, the room did look really nice...

"Sorry, Sakura-san, I was just confident that I could keep myself safe," Akira admitted. That
comment caused Sojiro to raise a brow but he ended up dismissing it.

"Still, I'll give you credit where it's due, the room looks amazing," Sojiro admitted, a small
smirk on his face.

"It's not done yet..."



"Huh?" The smile dropped from Sojiro's face. How could it not be done yet? Look at it, it
was perfect!

"The beams on the wall have splinters and look worn, I'm going to need to sandpaper them so
they look presentable."

"Er..."

"And the floor's covered in scratches, I can buff them out with some varnish. Maybe even do
the beams too."

"Kid...?"

"There's also mould growing that I can't remove right now. I'll need some mould killer for
that...oh, and some dehumidifiers to make sure that the dust stays gone..."

"Oh for the love of...!"

"Then there are the walls. I can get rid of the old paint and put on a fresh coat of waterproof
paint that-"

"Alright, that's enough!" Sojiro interjected. Jeez, if Akira kept going he might talk about
breaking down walls next. There was a passion in the teen's eyes that Sojiro didn't know if he
wanted to be a part of.

"For goodness sake kid. You're here on probation, not to renovate my place of business!" He
told him with a harsh voice. "That kind of stuff would cost ¥20000, easy. I'm not paying for
it!" He told him.

"Well, yeah, I was. Once I get a job and save up enough, I can pay for that stuff myself."
Akira answered.

Sojiro almost lashed out at Akira, but just by looking at the boy's face, he knew that Akira
wasn't trying to get under his skin. He genuinely just wanted to improve this room as much as
he could.

And would having him do so be such a bad thing. Maybe when he went back home, he could
use the revitalised space for more customers?

Eh, food for thought.

"You know what you're doing with that kinda stuff?" Sojiro sighed.

Akira visibly hesitated and gave a small and nervous grin. "W-Well, they'll have instructions
on the back?"

Sojiro was silent, and the only reason that he didn't palm his face was because he was
currently holding the box.

Oh yeah. The box!



"Look, just...put that thought aside for now, I've got some things to give you..." Sojiro said as
he put the box on the table. He then reached into it and grabbed the first item which was a
small black book.

"This is a diary. Make sure you write in it." He ordered. "There's no particular limit to what
you can and can't do during your probation, as long as you're following the law, so having a
log of what you do daily will make it much easier for me when I need to report to your
probation officer," Sojiro said. Akira nodded his head. "Alright, I'll do that." He replied

Sojiro tossed the book on the table and reached in for the other item in the box.

"Now, I can't begin to imagine why they gave a delinquent like you something like this, but
they wanted to make sure that we could be in touch with one another as efficiently as
possible."

With that, Sojiro withdrew the second item. And Akira's jaw dropped.

"Is that...a smartphone?" He asked.

"Yeah. It's supposed to have already had a plan put on it. You should be able to make calls,
send messages, even play music and browse the internet, but you won't get a replacement if
you lose that one. So be careful."

Akira stared at the phone in utter bewilderment. They were giving him a smartphone to use?
Wow...nobody at Morning Glory even had a flip phone. Except for Kiryu, of course.

"That's an...oddly generous upgrade," Akira replied.

"You're telling me." Sojiro nodded. "I thought they made a mistake when they sent it, but all
the paperwork says that it's official. So it's yours now. You should take some time to get used
to it. Set it up and everything."

"I...okay. I'll do that then." Akira replied. He couldn't deny his excitement. After all, these
things were all the rage nowadays and having one to play with sounded pretty awesome.
Shiro would be so jealous.

"Now hold on, before you start fiddling with that, you should get cleaned up and wash your
clothes for tomorrow. I close in an hour and a half. Take care of yourself and your clothes and
be back here before then, understand?"

"Yes, Sakura-san." Akira gave an obedient nod. "Um, where is the bathhouse and the
laundry?"

"Just down the road, on your right. The laundry is right next to the bathhouse. You can't miss
it." He answered. "And don't stay up too late. I won't be taking care of you if you end up
getting sick from not getting your eight hours." He told him.

"Er, yeah. I'll be careful, Sakura-san." Akira replied.



"Good. Now go." Sojiro stepped aside and allowed Akira to leave his room. The curly-haired
teen quickly dug into his bag and took out a small bag of toiletries and a shirt and pants pair
for pyjamas. Sojiro took an opportunity to peek inside the bag whilst Akira was doing so.

He...really didn't have anything other than what was in this bag. As if this kid's probation
couldn't have been more gruelling...

Before Sojiro could say anything else, his phone began to ring. He dug into his pocket and
looked at the Caller ID.

"I've gotta take this. Go on, get moving." He told Akira. He then answered the call. "Hey,
what's up?" He asked, the stern voice that he'd been using all this time suddenly bleeding
away to reveal a genuinely soothing and kind voice that took Akira by surprise.

"Sojiro...! Can't...go...on!"

"Hm? What's wrong?"

"The Featherman Kingdom is desolate...supplies running low. If this keeps up, we won't
survive the winter!" The person on the other end gasped in a dramatic voice, feminine in
tone.

Sojiro rolled his eyes at the goofy declaration.

"Seriously? That's what's wrong?" He asked with a grin. He vaguely registered Akira
retreating downstairs with his bath stuff.

"This is serious! The Doriyaki veins have run dry and the only thing left in my inventory is
half a bottle of soda and two pocky sticks!"

"Alright, alright. I'll pick something up on the way home, don't worry."

There was silence for a few seconds before the young voice spoke once more.

"Hey, Sojiro?"

"Yeah?"

"That guy that you were supposed to be taking in for the probation, he came today, right?"

"Yeah." Sojiro nodded.

"He hasn't, like...hurt you or broken anything, has he?"

"No, he hasn't. But you don't need to worry about him. I made sure to law down the law. If he
messes up, he's gone." Sojiro assured her.

"I just... don't want him to do anything to you..." She whispered. That brought a small smile
to Sojiro's lips. "He won't. I promise." He replied



He turned to look at the practically sparkling attic. "He doesn't seem like he'll be too hard to
handle. He cleaned up the LeBlanc attic in only a couple of hours."

"No way, that pigsty? His stats must be maxed out!"

"I could send you a picture if you want."

"Pleasies~!"

Sojiro chuckled and snapped the requested pic before sending it to her.

"Holy crap!" The girl practically squealed. "His stats really ARE maxed out!"

Sojiro chuckled. He didn't understand the gaming lingo that she likes to use, but it was easy
to tell that she was amazed, not unlike how he was.

"Well, once he comes back, I can lock up. Then I can offer support to the 'Featherman
Kingdom,' he told her in a teasing tone. "Just outside your door, like always?"

"Y-Yeah. Yes please..."

The near-silent response made Sojiro frown. It seemed that she had reached her level of
sociability today. All two minutes of it. She'd soon return to that sad little girl that he wanted
to heal so desperately.

"Well, I'll be there soon. Hold out a little longer." Sojiro said.

"Okay. Bye, Sojiro..."

And with a small chime, the call ended.

Sojiro sighed as he pocketed his phone. Business as usual with her...

He was about to go downstairs and start tidying up, but before he did so, Akira's new phone
suddenly gave a small buzz. Sojiro looked at it curiously. Was it supposed to do that?

There was no notification box to speak of and no one who should be calling Akira. Sojiro
decided to take a look. The phone was new so there wasn't a password on it.

It had all the usual apps that you'd expect from a new phone, News, Clock, Weather,
Ominous red and black eye.

...

That last one didn't seem normal...

Ah well, it was a newer version than his own phone, they probably added an app or two.

Unable to find the cause of the notification, Sojiro soon gave up and left it on the table. The
intricacies of technology would forever elude him. It's not like he had time to waste on this
anyway, he had cleaning of his own to do.



He took a bit of sadistic pleasure in knowing that Akira, who had never owned a phone
before, would probably struggle with the phone just as much as he did...

...

Akira took less than an hour to figure out how to use his new smartphone.

Akira groaned and shifted around on the bed that he was given. "Bed" was a generous term,
providing only minimal comfort. It was better than nothing though. Unfortunately, he was
just going to have to get used to it. He didn't want to piss Sojiro off.

He hated this feeling, walking on eggshells around someone. He felt like everything that he
could do would be scrutinised. It wasn't like Sojiro was trying to make him feel comfortable,
both socially and environmentally. Akira was not going to squander the little goodwill that
Sojiro had shown him. The bath that he had paid for actually felt awesome. It was probably
Akira's favourite thing that he found in Yongen-Jaya, nay, Tokyo, so far. And with the
laundromat, his clothes were going to be more presentable and comfortable.

That was two points of credit that Sojiro had that a more callous custodian who would take
the money and throw Akira to the curb had.

He just wished that Sojiro lay on this bed himself. Maybe that would have given Akira a
chance at getting something that wouldn't have him tossing and turning.

All this bed did was make Akira yearn for his futon back in Morning Glory.

But the complications with the bed were nothing compared to...

GRRRRRRR...!

His hunger situation.

The last time that he had eaten anything had been before he got on the train to Tokyo, and
already he was starving. With his training came a physique that needed food to sustain itself.
Akira could really put it away. But now, he was stuck with a tiny amount of money that
Sojiro had specified to only be used for laundering and bathing.

He needed a job, fast. Otherwise, he'd be nothing but skin and bone before the end of his first
week. Akira did not want to return to skulking the streets, living in houses with cardboard
roofs and dining in back alley dumpsters. Morning Glory had given him too much to return to
a life so pathetic.

Between that, the bed, and the sheer anxiety that he was feeling, it was no surprise that he
couldn't sleep. If he didn't get some kind of rest though, he'd probably sleep through his
orientation at Shujin tomorrow.

So, out of desperation, he tried to lie still, forced his eyes shut and tried to ignore all his
problems. They were for Future Akira to deal with.



Then, he started to count sheep.

He got up to ten sheep before he switched to Mames'

"Twelve Mames'

"Twenty-three Mames'

"Forty-six Mames'

He could really use...

"Ninety-one Mames'"

Something small...

"Two hundred and fifty-three Mames'"

Warm...

"Four hundred and seventy-seven Mames'"

Furry...

"Seven hundred and fourteen...Mames'"

Something that he could cuddle...

"Nine hundred...and twenty-one...Mames'"

Something that he could hold...just so this cold night would feel just a little warmer...

"Wake up, Inmate!"

CLANG!

"ONE THOUSAND AND SIXTY-EIGHT MAMES' JESUS CHRIST!"

Akira sat straight up, vaguely registering the clinking of chains and wood creaking from
underneath him.

He immediately recognised that he wasn't in the attic anymore...

Instead, he found himself awakening within what looked to be some kind of...cell?

Bewildered, he tried to get up off this wooden slab that he was lying on, but struggled in
doing so. A reason for which he quickly discovered once he looked at his wrists. He was
cuffed. Thick manacles were clasped around his wrists, connected by a chain that made
handcuffs look wimpy.



But that wasn't the only weird thing. His clothes had been changed too to a ratty, black and
white striped jumpsuit that was commonly associated with criminals in cartoons.

Further inspection had him realising that there was something cuffed around his leg and-

Was that a goddamn ball and chain?!

Where the hell was he?

"Face forward, Inmate!"

A young, haughty voice, presumably the same one that had woken him up spoke once more.
Akira slowly turned to look through the cell bars, and his confusion only magnified tenfold.

Beyond the bars of his cell, there was a large, circular room, with additional cells similar to
his own lining the walls. It looked uncomfortably dreary, yet somehow ornate. This place has
a weird feel to it. But the layout of the room wasn't the only thing that was peculiar.

Standing on either side of his cell were a pair of girls, both wearing matching outfits
resembling those of prison wardens. If it weren't for their differing hairstyles of a braid and
twin buns and their accessories of choice being a clipboard and a prison baton, Akira was
pretty sure he'd have a hard time telling them apart.

The weird part was that both girls seemed to be children. Like, neither of these girls seemed
older than thirteen. Wasn't it past their bedtime? And what was with the eyepatches?

He got to his feet and shuffled over to the cell bars. Both girls stared at him impassively, as if
they had no sympathy for his situation. It was a chilling stare that seemed to look past Akira's
eyes and straight into his soul.

"Nice to see that you come to your senses quickly enough," the twin-bunned girl eventually
said. "Now stand up straight. You're in the presence of our master!"

With that harsh command, the girl pivoted to face away from Akira, with her twin following
suit. It seemed too militaristic of a motion for a pair of young girls to be used to. It was
almost like they were soldiers.

Akira then looked up from the pair to the centre of the room. There he spotted a simple
wooden desk. And sitting behind it was a man who blew the weirdness of the twins out of the
water.

Seriously, what kind of man was this guy? He was well dressed, but between his wide,
bloodshot eyes, his creepy pointy ear-to-pointy ear smile and a thin nose that was longer than
the average pencil, he did not look anywhere close to human.

With nary a change in expression, the man extended a hand.

"Trickster... welcome to my Velvet Room."



Akira was completely flabbergasted at this point. With the girls, the man and this... Velvet
Room, there was really only one answer that he could come up with that explained all of
them.

"I must be dreaming..." He muttered to himself.

"This is no mere dream, Inmate. The you in reality is fast asleep, but your soul has made its
way here to convene with us about matters most grave." The braided girl spoke this time,
with a soft voice that was almost there polar opposite of her twin.

Not that it mattered to Akira.

He simply did an about-face and shuffled right back to his wooden cot.

"H-Hey! What are you-?" Twin Buns gasped, as if in disbelief that Akira had chosen to turn
their back on them.

The teen climbed back onto the bed, closed his eyes and tried to drift off once more. He
wasn't spending one more second in this creepy-ass dream.

"Hey! Don't go back to sleep! Get your butt back over here, now!"

CLANG!

CLANG!

CLANG!

Yeesh, that girl with the baton had quite the temper. And a decent swing. Every strike against
the bars made it feel like the cell was rattling.

"Turning his back against our master who has decided to grace him with his audience. Such
insolence." Braid Hair sighed. She wasn't openly irate like Twin Buns, but there was a certain
cold anger that permeated her sentence.

Akira just raised his hands up to his ears and tried to ignore the whining of the pair. Honestly,
stubborn dreams that didn't let you end them even though you knew it was a dream sucked.

"...n't ake...ome...in...there!"

"Ow...issa...ting..."

Again, Akira tried to ignore them. He tried to ignore the clanging, the yelling, and the subtle
killing intent being directed at him. It felt strangely real. He was no stranger to killing intent,
so a dream being able to replicate it to such an extent was weird.

Maybe he should hold his breath? He heard that was a way to wake yourself up from bad
dreams. Shock one's body awake due to lack of oxygen and all that.

He took a sharp breath in and then took no more, holding it for ten seconds...



Twenty seconds...

Thirty seconds...

And then his instincts screamed at him to MOVE!

Akira's head shot up, narrowly missing having it caved in by Twin Buns' baton. She was in
his cell? How? Akira didn't notice any door.

Questions for later.

The strike made the cot he was lying in crumple like aluminium foil, and Twin Buns glared at
him dangerously. Akira's heart raced as he threw himself off the wood slab. This had just
gotten dangerous!

"Feeling awake yet, Inmate?" Twin Buns asked him in a challenging tone. She whipped her
baton, ready for a throw down. Such a scenario was less than ideal for Akira. With the
restrictiveness of his restraints, the narrow dimensions of the cell, and the fact that he wasn't
going to just hit a little girl really limited his options.

"Well, I'm still here, so no!" Akira quickly snapped back at the girl. He found himself
naturally setting into a stance. At this point, it didn't matter if he was dreaming or not. He
could not flee from this fight.

"Hah! Looks like you need to be taught some manners!" Twin Buns scoffed before she took
another swing at him. It looked like a casual effort, but the sheer essence that swing had
behind it made it undeniable as to how dangerous this strange girl was.

Akira leaned back, taking a step away from the girl, hitting against the wall with his back.
There was no way he could dodge her indefinitely in this cramped space.

"Tch! Think you're slick, huh? Well, slick your way out of this!" Twin Buns declared as she
swung the baton down straight towards Akira's head. It was amusing that she had to jump to
do so.

There was nowhere to run, and catching it seemed like a bad idea. Akira's brain raced to find
a solution. A solution was not found.

Panicking. Use instincts!

He violently jerked his leg...

CLAAAAAAAANG!

"Wh-What!?"

"Gnnngh!"

In the path of Twin Buns' baton was the iron ball that was clasped around Akira's leg. In the
last moment, Akira had managed to kick it up to use as a shield against the strike.



It didn't completely block the impact though. The strike caused Akira's arms to tremble, and
his ears were ringing from the collision. Plus, the ball itself was obviously heavy. He forced
himself to hold on to it though just in case he had to weather another strike.

"The hell...are you trying to kill me!?" Akira snarled at the girl. Twin Buns looked appaled,
like she was offended that Akira dared to defend himself. With wide eyes, she opened her
mouth to reply-

"That's enough, Caroline." That deep, wizened voice of the long-nosed man at the table had
the girl standing ramrod straight. "Cease this skirmish with the Trickster at once." He ordered
calmly, still sporting that creepy grin.

"Skirmish" he says..." Akira muttered to himself. Still, he was thankful that this whole thing
seemed to be over. He sighed as he let the iron ball fall from his hands and fall to the stone
floor with a crash. If any of these people cared about that, they didn't show it.

Almost robotically, Twin Buns, or Caroline, walked away from him and out of his cell. As in
walked straight through the bars as if they weren't there at all. Akira reached out to touch
them, but his fingers clasped around the bars.

So, others could come and go, but he was stuck in here? How'd that work?

"S-Sorry Master. I didn't mean to act out..." Caroline quickly apologized, bowing her head, a
sight that caught Akira off guard. Just who was this guy that turned this fiery girl with such
strength into a meek child with a single, calm command?

Akira then saw that the man's unsettling eyes were trained on him, with his fingers
interlocked. There was no visible change in expression, but Akira could not shake off the fact
that he was being scrutinized.

"Please forgive Caroline's rashness. It was not our intention to force you to defend yourself."
The man said. "I hope that we can properly acquaint ourselves with you, despite these shaky
first impressions..." The man said. It was hard to place whether he was actually apologetic or
not.

"Um, sir," Akira spoke up. "Please understand. I've had a very stressful couple of weeks, and
I haven't had the opportunity to have a decent sleep that whole time. I don't know if this is a
dream or whatever, but I don't need...all this." Akira gestured to everything.

"Ah, you wish to escape from reality, even if for but a moment. A completely understandable
notion." Long Nose said. "Yet, for now, I must insist you stay."

"...Must I?" Akira asked. He was half tempted to just crawl back into the cot again but
remembered that Caroline broke it.

"This is a matter of great importance. It's no exaggeration to say that the future of the world
may hinge on this..." He told Akira.

The teen was skeptical at best. The whole world?



The braided twin proceeded to flip through her clipboard for a few seconds.

"You have that cosy family in Okinawa, don't you? Morning Glory? Even apart from them,
you wish to keep them safe, correct?"

And Akira's blood froze.

"H-How the hell do you know about them...!?" He hissed. How had these people found out
about Morning Glory? And if they could do it, what was to stop others from doing the same?

"Please remain calm. This place exists between dream and reality, mind and matter. As such,
we are privy to many secrets, no matter how well they are kept." Long Nose held his hands
up in a placating manner.

"Dream and reality...?" Akira parroted in confusion.

"Yeah, like the fact that nearly two years ago, you were a homeless bum. We know about
that. You're an open book to us, Inmate!" Caroline said. She seemed to take that as a small
victory after her earlier actions.

"H-Hey, that's a low blow. Those years were hard!" Akira grumbled at Caroline.

"Rest assured, we've no interest in Morning Glory, and even if we were, we don't have any
means to encroach upon it. You are the one that we care about." Braid Hair told him.

"So... Morning Glory will be left out of this completely?" Akira asked.

"It will...if you can prevent the coming ruin." Braid Hair said with a minute furrow of her
brows.

"Coming ruin?" Akira asked.

"Perhaps we should start from the beginning." Long Nose said before he leaned forward and
began to drum his fingers upon the table.

"As I mentioned before, this is a room that exists between dream and reality, mind and
matter. Only those who are bound by a contract may enter it. My name is Igor, and I am the
master of this place."

Igor then gestured to the two twins in front of Akira's cell. "You've met the wardens. Caroline
stands to your right. Justine to your left. They are an eccentric pair, but as your wardens, they
will be assisting you. They, as well as I, inhabit your Velvet Room.

"My Velvet Room?" Akira asked. "Didn't you just say that you were the master?"

"I am the proprietor of this place, yes, but in truth, the Velvet Room is shaped by the hearts of
those who enter it," Igor answered as he looked around. "Yours seems to have taken the form
of a prison. Considering your circumstances, I suppose that's hardly faultable."

Again, Akira couldn't tell if there was sympathy in his words or not.



"A prison of your own making. There is no doubt that as long as you continue down this path,
ruin awaits you." Igor said.

"This ruin...what is it exactly?" Akira asked.

"It is unknown as to what the ruin's shape will take. The only clear thing about it is that it is
the end of everything. Humanity, the world, and you."

Akira swallowed. The end of everything? Was he in some kind of video game or something?

"However, that is not to say that ruin is inevitable. Should you be rehabilitated, you will gain
the strength to break your shackles and avert the danger the world will face." Igor's grin
seemingly grew wider. "Do you have the resolve to challenge the distortion of the world?"

"I..." Akira looked down. "...I don't think I can, Igor."

"Hm? May I ask why?"

"You know my situation, right? I was just a homeless kid who was given the chance of a
lifetime before I threw it all away in a childish attempt at playing hero. Now I'm living out a
probation, need to earn a huge sum of money and have to go to school on top of that. If I
screw up in any of those areas, then my very flimsy cover story could fall apart and put my
family at risk. I don't have the time to be some kind of superhero with all of that going on."
Akira explained.

"Pah! Spineless Inmate! Don't you care about your precious Morning Glory? Would you
really leave it to ruin because you're being a wimp? You're the only one who can protect it
and you're falling short at the first hurdle?" Caroline scolded, tapping her baton against her
shoulder in irritation.

"You're wrong. There is someone else who can protect Morning Glory. Someone who could
defy this coming ruin far better than I could."

"You speak...of Kazuma Kiryu, correct?" Igor replied. "That man is indeed strong. Relative to
humankind, his strength is almost incomprehensible. However, he has already reached the
peaks of his potential, while you are just beginning to tap into yours."

Akira couldn't help but be a bit creeped out that this guy knew Kiryu, but if he truly was
somewhat omniscient, then it was hardly impressive.

"I wouldn't underestimate Uncle Kaz if I were you." He warned. "It's the last thing that a lot
of bad people ever did."

In particular, Akira was talking more about the thugs that he'd seen Kiryu beat up in
Okinawa. If he only knew how broad that declaration really went...

"Be that as it may, it's not Kazuma Kiryu in that cell. It is you, Akira Kurusu. You were
chosen for the role of the Trickster. It is not a torch that can be passed along. If you choose
not to step up, then ruin is unavoidable." Igor replied.



"To be honest, it's not as if you're completely hopeless. Futile as it was, enduring Caroline's
assault as you did is... impressive, considering that your rehabilitation hasn't even begun yet."
Justine commented

"Wh- Hey! I was about to crush him!" Caroline quickly snapped

"I'll admit, the fact that my fellow warden cannot subdue an unprepared prisoner is worrying.
Perhaps you'd be of more use mopping the floors or cleaning the toilets?" Justine suggested
with a tiny smile, the most expressive that Akira had seen her so far.

Caroline's face immediately turned beet red in embarrassment, and she turned to Akira.

"I-Inmate! Tell them it was a fluke!"

"It was a fluke."

"No! Say it like you mean it!" Caroline cried, stomping her foot. It was like the
professionalism was melting away and showing the child that she was underneath. It was
oddly relieving and made Akira smile.

"Wh-what's that smirk for, Inmate!?" Caroline squeaked, her tough persona crumbling to
pieces.

It seemed she was quite literally saved by the bell, as the room was suddenly accosted by a
loud bringing, not unlike a school bell.

"Hm, it appears that we have run out of time," Igor informed. "I believe that you need time to
come to a final decision. We shall leave the matter for now, and return to it the next time we
meet. And we will meet again. Should your answer change, then we shall set you on the path
of rehabilitation. If not, then ruin is all but assured..."

With that ominous warning, Akira's eyelids began to grow heavy. He felt tired. Really tired.

He hardly had the time to register his body slumping before his consciousness faded.

Akira would be lying if he said that the weird dream he had wasn't resting on his mind. That
whole talk about ruin and rehabilitation, the wardens, Igor and the Velvet Room; none of it
had managed to slip his mind even a day later, whereas most dreams would fade from
memory minutes after awakening.

It would be easy to simply mark it all up as a weird dream as a result of stress, but there was
just something about it. Something that indicated that what he experienced that night was no
mere dream.

And if it wasn't, then what did that mean for all of the stuff that they had warned him about?
Should he have been less hesitant? More patient? Not picked a fight with that Caroline girl?

Well, in all honesty, she started it.



These questions permeated all throughout his mind, from the moment that he woke up, to the
moment Sojiro drove him over to check out Shujin.

He had only half been paying attention when they pulled into the dreary-looking school. Half
paying attention when they were guided into the principal's office. Half paying attention
when the principal whom he could only describe as anthropomorphic bread dough known as
Principal Kobayakawa belted on and on about behaving himself and how he'd get expelled if
he put a toe out of line.

His attention was won over for a moment when his homeroom teacher, Sadayo Kawakami
showed him his student ID. He was about to take it, but the woman quickly snatched it back
and removed a slip of paper from it in an almost frantic display.

A part of him felt bad for her. The woman looked beyond exhausted and it was likely that she
had accidentally given him upcoming test answers or something when she gave him the ID.
The only thing that he remembered seeing was something frilly...

Well, however this woman decided to conduct her life, it was none of his business. He wasn't
here to make friends after all, especially not with people that gave him the same disapproving
look he had gotten from pretty much every adult who was aware of this situation.

Still, maybe a part of why he wasn't paying attention could be contributed to his own lack of
sleep and his empty stomach which yearned for Haruka's cooking.

God, the coming days would be brutal...

After the visit was over, he zoned out again, keeping silent for most of the ride home, which
was about seventy percent traffic and twenty-nine percent Sojiro reminding him for the
umpteenth time that one screw-up would be the end.

The one percent left over was a radio announcement of a subway derailing or something.
Considering that Akira was supposed to start regularly using the subway, it made him feel a
bit nervous. Still, he didn't have any other choice. Sojiro was adamant about not driving him.

They had gotten back late in the evening, and with Sojiro irritated that he couldn't open the
cafe, he had just left and locked up without giving Akira the opportunity to do his new
nightly ritual.

Needless to say, with no bath, and no food, sleep did not come easily for Akira that night...

And now, here he was, ready for his first day at Shujin. And he felt like crap. More than
anything right now, he just wanted something to eat. Anything.

Before he started to consider digging into a bin to hopefully find something to eat, his nose
was tormented by tantalising aromas coming from downstairs, laden with spices and rich,
nutty goodness.

Oh great, must be Sojiro's breakfast...



Trying to hide his misery, Akira dragged himself down the stairs with absolutely zero
enthusiasm.

The clomping of his footsteps drew Sojiro's attention to his arrival. "Hey, you're actually
going to school?" He asked.

"Yeah...Sakura-san." Akira noticed. "I... might be a bit late getting back. I wanna look for
part-time work." He informed the man as politely as he could in his current state.

"Hm, wanting to establish an income early. I can respect that." Sojiro nodded in approval.
"Make sure you try to find something that won't interfere with your schooling and will keep
you out of trouble."

"I hear ya..." Akira nodded. He slowly shuffled towards the door. "I'll see you later, Sakura-
san."

"Hey! Wait a minute, I just made you breakfast. You're not planning on going to school on an
empty stomach, are you?" Sojiro asked as Akira's hand reached for the handle.

Said hand froze in place, and flint eyes widened behind faux glasses. Slowly, Akira turned his
head towards Sojiro with a face of disbelief, and then towards the plate on the counter, laden
with fluffy rice and a delicious-smelling curry. Next to it, an innocuous mug filled with dark
coffee with a heavenly aroma.

"Y-You're messing with me, right? I don't find that funny, Sakura-san." Akira replied quietly
as he furrowed his brow.

"Huh? Why the hell would I mess with you? Just eat it before the other customers come in
and we won't have a problem." Sojiro replied. He gestured to the meal.

"But...I was told that I wouldn't be getting handouts..." Akira replied. He couldn't break eye
contact with that meal.

"Handouts?" Sojiro asked. "I don't know who told you that, but I for one am not going to let
you starve, even if you are a delinquent," Sojiro said. The man proceeded to pick up a mug
and used a towel to polish the inside. "You've had the leftovers I've left for you in the fridge,
right?" He asked.

"What do you mean? I haven't gone near the fridge the entire time that I've been here,
Sakura-san." Akira replied.

Sojiro didn't expect that response. He was sure that he had given Akira the green light to help
himself to the leftovers so long as he didn't overdo it. Or had he not...?

"Wait, if you haven't eaten any of the leftovers then...what have you been eating?" He asked.

Akira suddenly felt quite put on the spot and lowered his head.

It didn't make sense. Akira didn't have the money to buy food and he obviously had no idea
about the leftovers...



At that moment though, something clicked with Sojiro, and his expression grew grim.

"Kid...when was your last meal...?" He asked.

"Erm..." Akira hummed.

"Answer the question."

Akira averted his gaze and twiddled his thumbs.

"B-Before I got on the train to Tokyo...?"

"Fucking what!?" Sojiro hissed. Akira had gone without food for two days!? No wonder he
looked like death warmed up! "Two days? Two goddamn days!? And what? Were you hoping
to survive long enough to buy your own food? Grow a brain, idiot!"

"But I-"

"No, don't talk. Just sit your ass down and eat!" Sojiro pointed at the seat in front of Akira.
He was definitely not taking no for an answer. And truthfully, Akira wasn't willing to give it
either.

His stomach growled loudly and guided him over to the stool, where he sat down. He then
picked up the spoon accompanying the meal before looking up at Sojiro.

"Go on kid, you gotta be starving..." Sojiro sighed.

Akira almost shyly dug into the curry as if it would disappear if he dug in too fast. He took a
single spoonful, closed his eyes, and brought it to his mouth.

And in that instant, all that was wrong in the world vanished from Akira's mind. No
probation, no drunkard, no judgemental glares he didn't deserve. As soon as this curry hit his
tongue, it was like all of his troubles just ceased to be.

The blend of spices, the tender beef, and the creamy texture of the curry that soaked into the
rice and created a delicious combination that Akira couldn't get enough of. He took another
spoonful, this time with more confidence, and let out a small moan of satisfaction.

As he ate, the spoon began to get faster and faster, and with every swallow, he could feel his
hunger cease to be. Within a minute, the plate's contents had reduced by half.

Akira started to notice that his vision was getting blurry, but he didn't care. He couldn't stop
eating. Whether it was because of his two-day fast or because the curry was just that good, or
maybe a bit of both.

"Kid...you okay?" He vaguely heard Sojiro ask, but he couldn't bring himself to care. Instead,
he reached for the coffee cup and washed down the spicy heat with a sip. To his amazement,
the two flavours combined perfectly. The subtle flavours of the coffee complemented the
spicy goodness of the curry, and he found himself alternating between bites and sips, each
one more delicious than the last.



For the first time since his arrest, he was eating a meal that clearly had love poured into every
fragment. A refined recipe. If he closed his eyes and chewed, he could almost pretend that he
was back at Morning Glory, eating a meal prepared by Ayako and Haruka. He would chat
with everyone, poke fun at them. Things that families did.

"Kid...Kurusu, look at me."

And then his eyes opened, and he was right back in the quiet cafe, with Sojiro looking at him,
concerned. Why?

"Is...there something wrong, Sakura-san?" Akira asked.

"You're crying."

"What?" Akira yelped in alarm and brought a hand to his face. He quickly discovered that
there were two wet lines tracing his cheeks, which acted as the path for further tears to trail
down and drop from his chin.

His pants were lined with tear stains and he hadn't even noticed.

He immediately lifted up his glasses and wiped his face with his sleeve, but the tears just
wouldn't stop coming. He tried to take a few deep breaths and control his emotions, but it was
hard to do so. So hard.

Sojiro watched with a conflicted face as Akira tried valiantly to keep his tears at bay, but
failed miserably. On one hand, why should he care? Akira was just a kid from juvie that he
had taken in on a whim...

Akira was just a kid from juvie...

Akira was just a kid...

And Akira's reaction to eating his curry for the first time...that look of relief on his face, those
tears, even the fact that until now, he'd been starved.

Didn't she go through all of that when she tried her first and only plate of curry?

"I-I..." Akira started to speak up, and Sojiro brought directed his attention back to the crying
teen.

Akira swallowed a lump in his throat before his lips slowly curved upwards into a small,
trembling smile.

"I l-love it... Your curry and coffee are a-awesome, Sakura-san! Thank you!" Akira admitted.
It was visible as to how much he was fighting to keep his face from twisting into an outright
bawl, but there was no doubt that his compliment was sincere.

Sojiro was silent for a second. Contemplation upon contemplation piled up as his heart was
stirred by Akira's pure expression of thankfulness and relief. Then he simply gave an
exasperated sigh, lined with his own smile. "Well, that reaction's one for the record books."



He commented. "Now, don't you dare pull that kind of stunt again. I agreed to feed you, so let
me do that." He told Akira.

For a moment, he could forget that he was a delinquent.

"R-Right. Thank you, Sakura-san." Akira replied.

Sojiro put a hand on his hip. "Call me Boss. Everyone else does. Now, gimme your plate, I'll
give you a second helping."

And that was when Akira decided that, even though Sojiro could be a hardass, his curry
would be a favourite of his for life.

Akira tried not to think about that moment of vulnerability as he dashed down the streets of
Aoyama-Itchome. He was unquestionably grateful to Sojiro for what he did, but to be openly
crying in front of someone he'd only known for a few days over food no less, was really
embarrassing.

Still, that curry was amazing. He'd been near delirious before, and now he was full of energy.

He had polished off two whole plates and washed his face before he had left LeBlanc to head
to school. He was running a bit behind schedule, due to his extended breakfast, and he wasn't
fully confident of his route. But that was when his new phone came in to save the day. As
someone who was a complete neophyte when it came to getting around Tokyo, having a
digital map that could plot a course to your requested destination was a godsend.

Unfortunately, his phone couldn't save him from the torrential downpour that greeted him
when he exited Aoyama-Itchome station.

Hence him booking it to the first awning he saw, in hopes of waiting out the rain until the sky
cleared up. He hadn't been the only one with this plan in mind, as he saw a few people in
Shujin uniforms doing the same thing, huddled underneath any other awnings down the
street. They were all either talking among themselves or checking their phones while they
waited for the rain to subside.

The streets quickly became slick and shiny under the unrelenting rain, and Akira watched as
more students frantically dashed past him with umbrellas, complaining all the way. He even
saw some people carrying their own bags above their heads to shield them from the rain, with
little success.

Dammit, he should have brought an umbrella before leaving Sojiro's place. His phone even
had an application to check the weather for goodness sake.

Then again, it wasn't like he had one of his own. Yet another thing to add to the list of things
that he'd have to potentially pay for.

Well, online shopping was a thing. He can't buy anything yet but it wouldn't hurt to browse...



Akira pulled up his phone, intending on looking up places nearby to buy umbrellas, but as
soon as he unlocked his phone, he was met with that strange-looking app that he noticed
when he was getting the hang of how to use a smartphone. Red. Black, creepy eye in the
middle. The icon had taken up nearly the whole screen and trying to tap it didn't do anything.
This wasn't... normal for phones, was it?

His thoughts were interrupted when he heard footsteps to his left, and he faced to watch
someone scurry under the same awning that he was under.

They looked to be the same build as a potential student, but they weren't wearing a standard
Shujin uniform. Instead, it was what he could only assume was some kind of associated
jersey paired with long, red tights. So, a girl then.

She did have the Shujin blazer slipped over her jersey though, so that pretty much confirmed
that they were a student.

Before he could try and talk to her, she peeled back her hood which allowed two golden,
springy pigtails to emerge.

Then came cerulean eyes, pink lips and flawless skin.

Akira could've sworn that the world froze around them at that moment. He couldn't tear his
gaze away from her face. She looked so...

 

 

so...

 

 

 

 

...sad...

She stared ahead, gazing down the street, while wiping droplets of water from her outfit. It
was the impassive look that Akira would expect from a celebrity or even a princess.

And yet, Akira could see through her blank-faced facade. He noticed that she looked
exhausted. With the faintest hint of bags under her eyes, probably covered by makeup. Her
rosy lips were pressed tight together, and her hands couldn't help but fidget with each other.
And the way she stared at the ground, it was like she didn't even have the strength to look up.

All these factors together created a clear image of this girl's sorrow and anxiety. But then the
question was what had happened to make someone who was so pretty so distressed?



The girl seemed to catch his gaze because she looked up to see Akira staring at her face.
Obviously, with her appearance, she automatically assumed that Akira was just another
hormone-driven boy who was attracted to her foreign appearance.

And when she gave him a smile that didn't reach her eyes, Akira had had enough.

"Are you...okay?" He asked.

The girl's smile faltered for a second, as though she wasn't expecting someone to ask her how
she was feeling. But she managed to recover, putting on a mask of indifference.

"I'm fine," she replied curtly, turning away from Akira to look down the street again. "I just
got a bit wet. Nothing to worry about."

"I wasn't talking about the rain..." Akira said.

The girl turned back to Akira, her expression confused. "What do you mean?" She asked.

Akira hesitated, unsure if he should really be pushing this conversation further. But
something in him told him that she needed help, even if it wasn't his business.

He took a deep breath and decided to take the plunge.

"I mean," he said slowly, "are you okay? You seem...upset."

"What? Upset? Me? No...h-haha, you're probably just imagining things." The girl said with
an awkward chuckle. It became obvious at that point that she had a better poker face than a
silver tongue.

Akira wasn't fooled at all. He could see the unease etched into her features, even if she was
trying to hide it. After all, he knew what it was like to put on a brave face when everything
inside you was falling apart.

"Look, I know it's none of my business, but-"

"You're right, it's none of your business." The girl suddenly snapped at him, not too
aggressive, but her voice was firm. Crap, he'd annoyed her, hadn't he?

The girl grimaced, her eyes flickering between Akira's face and the ground.

"Look, I appreciate the sentiment, but I don't even know you," she said. "And even if what
you're saying was true, it wouldn't be right to just involve yourself in another person's issues.
You could get hurt." She said, her voice barely above a whisper.

Akira opened his mouth to respond.

"That young man suddenly attacked him... He shoved this gentleman to the ground. And he
got injured."

And his mouth closed with a click.



Nothing good had come from getting involved in the woman and Baldy's scuffle. It was why
he was here in the first place. His life was already ruined and he narrowly avoided getting
Morning Glory in trouble too. Could he really risk that for every sad or troubled person he
came across?

"You're...right. S-Sorry." Akira replied, turning away from the girl.

What followed was an extremely awkward couple of minutes as the pair waited for the rain to
stop.

It was only when a white car pulled up in front of the duo that the silence was broken with
Ann giving a timid gasp. One that Akira easily noticed.

The window rolled down, revealing a man behind the wheel dressed in a blue tracksuit. Akira
idly thought that his face was shaped like a spade.

That wasn't to say that he wasn't on guard though. Ann's reaction to the car approaching was
telling.

"Hey there, good morning." The man chirped from the driver's seat, running a hand through
his black unkempt hair. "The rain's still coming down like crazy. Need a lift to school? I can
take you."

The next thing that set off alarm bells in Akira's head was that this man's stare did not land on
him at all, instead laser-focused on the girl, who was steadily looking more and more
uncomfortable. He was pretty sure he beat up a thug with the same kind of face this man was
making. Back in his homeless days, of course.

On top of that, there was the most damning evidence. There were several other groups of
Shujin students either huddled under umbrellas or awnings that could have used a ride to
school, but this guy had driven by most of those students to offer one to them? That didn't
seem like a coincidence...

The girl was clearly hesitant. She didn't want to get into that car with this suspicious man.

And Akira, he was going to let her?

She had just told him to not get involved.

He knew what could happen if he got involved...

But...

Would Kiryu let this happen?

No... Not in a million years.

"U-Um, if that's alright..." The girl took a single step forward...



And stopped once a gentle hand clasped over her wrist, preventing her from walking any
further. She looked back in surprise only to see the boy holding her wrist.

"Sorry sir," Akira cut in. "But I'm not entirely sure how to get to school, I'm new here, see."
He explained, with both the blonde and the man looking at him with curiosity. "But this girl
offered to walk me there, so I can, y'know, learn the route on foot," Akira said.

He subtly glanced at the girl, hoping that she'd play along.

"Uh...Y-Yeah! I did! Sorry, Kamoshida-sensei." The blonde quickly spoke, lowering her head
so the lie couldn't be picked up.

"Sensei?" Akira asked with a raised brow. "You're a teacher at Shujin?" He asked.

"Yeah, Suguru Kamoshida, P.E. teacher," Kamoshida replied. It was the first time that he
really focused his gaze on Akira, and what Akira felt from it was...

Malice.

Pure, sadistic malice.

If the girl was unable to hide her anxiety from Akira, then Kamoshida's disdain towards him
was almost palpable. Not only was there anger towards him, but a hint of fiendish glee, as if
something had been set in motion by Kamoshida's hands alone that would give him a hard
time.

Unlike the blonde, Akira obviously didn't comment on it.

"You sure you guys don't need a ride? It's really no trouble, and there's no reason to force
yourself to walk through the rain. You're gonna be late if you wait much longer." Kamoshida
insisted.

"Eh, don't worry about that. I prayed to my teru teru bōzu before I left today, the rain should
clear up any minute now." Akira replied.

He was once again hit with confused looks by both of them, but Akira didn't back down.

"Uh, alright..." The man shrugged his shoulders. "If that's what floats your boat. But don't
come crying to me when you arrive at school looking like drowned rats." He replied, before
looking at the blonde. A perverted sneer crossed his face and he waved his hand. "I'll see you
later, Takamaki~"

Oh god, that was a simple goodbye. How did this guy make it sound so freaking gross!?

The window slowly rolled back up, and the car rolled away with the crunching of gravel. As
if to affirm that this was not a simple act of goodwill on the teacher's part, he didn't pull over
for a single other student that was caught in the rain.

"You're gonna be late" indeed... The dude hadn't extended his so-called 'kindness' to anyone
else.



"Wh-Why...did you do that...?" The girl, presumably Takamaki, asked. Akira looked to her
and could immediately see the tension draining from her body.

Akira thought about making a joke, saying that he was securing his guide to Shujin, but he
felt that this girl wanted comfort, not a one-liner.

"I could see how scared you were from space," he replied. "I'm not going to pry, but
Kamoshida makes you uncomfortable, right?" Akira stated. Not asked.

Takamaki paused, opening and closing her jaw, like she was trying to find the words. So
many emotions could be seen in her bright blue eyes. Eventually though, she managed to say
something.

"Didn't...didn't I tell you that you could get hurt if you involved yourself in my problems?"

Akira was silent for a second and then took to leaning against the wall. That slip-up was
telling. That thing causing Ann grief? It had to be her connection to Kamoshida.

Akira didn't live on the streets for seven years to assume that she was failing Kamoshida's
class. It had to be something else.

"Yeah, you did," Akira sighed. "But I could have never forgiven myself if I let you get in that
car with him. Call me stupid if you want, but getting involved in other people's problems is
sorta why I'm here in the first-"

"DAMN IT, KAMOSHIDA!"

Akira and Takamaki quickly turned to see a dude with bright, yellow hair sprinting towards
them. He was also wearing a Shujin blazer and pants but underneath he was wearing a casual
yellow shirt with some obnoxious logo on it.

The boy started to slow down, coming to a halt in front of the duo. He put his hand on his
knees and crouched down, looking like he'd just run a marathon.

"Grr... 'Eff me..." He muttered to himself between pants. Sweat ran from his forehead and
dripped down his nose, or maybe it was rain? Akira couldn't tell. It wasn't hard to discern that
he was in pain though. Guy must've pushed himself.

"You...alright, dude?" Akira asked, patting his shoulders. He was soaked through, likely from
a rain and sweat combo. "Y-Yeah, give me a s-sec." The guy replied between breaths.

"What lit you up by the seat of your pants, Sakamoto?" Takamaki asked. She seemed to be a
bit more emotionally stable now, that was good.

"I saw Kamoshida talking to you guys," Sakamoto replied. "He probably tried to get you into
his car, right?" He asked.

Akira nodded his head. "Yeah, dude gave me all kinds of bad vibes."



"Did he?" Takamaki turned to him in surprise. She had been present that entire conversation
and to her, Kamoshida played the part of an average teacher perfectly. It was only behind
closed doors that he showed who he truly was. But this guy saw through it in one exchange?

Sakamoto managed to stand up straight after his sprint and pocketed his hands with a
frustrated grimace.

Was it Akira, or was the guy putting more weight on his left leg than his right...?

"Of course...of course he'd try to get her into his car. That's just what a pervy teacher like him
would do..." The boy muttered.

"Does he do that with everyone or just with you, Takamaki?" Akira looked to the girl. Then
he remembered that he promised that he wouldn't pry and held up his hands. "Ah! Forget I
asked. Sorry..." The last thing that he wanted to do was make her upset.

Takamaki seemed to silently accept his apology, thank god.

"Are you kidding me? You go to Shujin, so you obviously know what an asshole Kamoshida
is, right? He does whatever he feels like. Acts all high and mighty like he's the king of a
castle. It's bullshit!" Sakamoto snapped, kicking the pavement and causing a small spray of
water to follow his foot.

"Just transferred." Akira quickly replied. He gave no more detail than that. They didn't need
it. "I didn't know who he was until five minutes ago, but he does give off that kind of
attitude."

"Oh, so you're new...yeah, makes sense that you don't know him then..." The blond scoffed.
"But you still stopped him, right? Good on you, man!" Sakamoto said, giving Akira a small
smile.

Takamaki crossed her arms. "I-I didn't need his help. I could have said "no" and gone on my
way!" She told Sakamato. Akira believed that hiding a "bullshit" in a cough was in poor taste.

"Anyway, what's your name? It'd be nice to know someone who can also see through
Kamoshida's crap." Sakamoto asked, holding out his hand. Akira looked at it for a second
before grasping it. "Akira Kurusu. What's yours?" He asked.

"Ryuji Sakamoto!" The punkish teen answered with a grin. He then looked over to the girl
and pointed to her. "That's Ann Takamaki."

"Hey, I don't need you to introduce me!" Ann scoffed. She looked to Akira and shakily held
up her own hand. "A-Ann Takamaki. Um...thank you for, you know... helping me out.

Akira smiled at her and gripped her outstretched hand. "You're welcome." He replied. It
wasn't as cheery as he was hoping it to be, probably because ultimately, nothing had been
solved and they were about to head into a school that had a teacher who was also a total
creep.



Ryuji then held up his hand. "Rain's clearing up. We should get to school while it's eased off."
He commented.

"Hey, looks like your teru teru bōzu worked!" Ann chimed.

"Oh, I don't actually have any teru teru bōzu. I was just sorta talking out my ass..." Akira
admitted awkwardly.

"Teru teru bōzu? Ain't that the shit that you hang up to prevent bad weather? You sent
Kamoshida packing with that?"

"It came out of left field, caught him off guard" Akira replied. "Kamoshida could spend his
time trying to challenge my beliefs; convince me they don't work, or he could just move on
with his day. I don't think anybody would want to be part of that conversation..."

"Well then, I guess that your imaginary teru teru bōzu worked..." Ann giggled. It was a sign
that she was feeling better, and Akira would take it. He could see the humour in it.

"C'mon, this way's quicker," Ryuji told the two of them as he walked forward and gestured to
an alleyway down the road. "If there's another spill coming, we should at least be at school
when it happens."

"Yeah, good point..." Ann muttered as she followed after Ryuji. She looked back to Akira.
"You're coming too, right?" She asked.

"Yeah. Wait up!" Akira replied, jogging after the pair of blondes.

Truthfully, Akira didn't know if this was a good idea. He didn't know if this interaction with
these two was a good idea. If it could lead anywhere, there was the big question of whether it
should, given his circumstances.

But, being smiled at. Being appreciated...it was nice to get that from people his age for once.

Well, whatever happened happened. It was time for his first day at Shujin.

Had his focus been on anything other than the backs of the two blondes, he probably would
have noticed the splash of magenta that followed his footsteps...

Chapter End Notes

Who found the Shinada reference?



Chapter 3: In the King's Palm
Chapter Summary

The school is not a school, and Akira shows a bunch of knights that swords are
overrated.

There is also a cat.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"What in all the fucks...?"

Akira would be the first to admit that during his orientation yesterday, he wasn't really paying
attention to the school. The layout, atmosphere and structure of the building, he had zoned
out during nearly all of it.

But however out of it he was, he would have to be blind and deaf not to notice the fact that
there was a GODDAMN MEDIEVAL CASTLE where the school was supposed to be,
complete with a moat, drawbridge and ominous pink, swirling skies.

If this was the school then he was Feather Hawk!

But the sign out front said 'Shujin Academy...'

This...this was complete nonsense. This place looked like it belonged in a fantasy book, not
modern-day Tokyo!

How on earth had this happened? Castles this prominent don't just appear out of thin air...

...

...

Okay, most castles didn't appear out of thin air. There was that one in Osaka that he read up
on a few years back. But the concept of a castle suddenly appearing out of nowhere was
bullshit then and it was bullshit now.

He spared a glance towards both Ann and Ryuji, who seemed just as stunned at the sight
before them as he was.

"You're both... seeing this, right?" He asked the pair, turning to them with eyes wide behind
his glasses.



To his relief, both of them nodded. "Uh... yeah, I think so," Ryuji answered slowly, a
perplexed look on his face.

"This can't be real..." Ann muttered, her eyes full of confusion. "I've gone this way loads of
times! It's supposed to lead right to school...why the hell is a castle here!?" She cried.

"You're...both sure that we didn't go the wrong way?" Akira asked. It was a weak question,
but how else could something like this be explained?

"Yeah...I'm positive." Ryuji replied as he dug into his pocket for his phone. "Hold on, lemme
just...huh?" The blonde kid looked at his phone screen for a second.

"What's wrong?" Ann asked.

"I was gonna open my Maps app so I could show you guys, but my phone's got no cell
service." He told her, turning his phone around to show the pair that he was on zero bars.

Ann took a quick look and then reached for her own phone. It took a second for her to affirm
that hers was in the same state. "Mine too."

And Akira...

"What is 'cell service?'"

Ann and Ryuji turned to look at him blankly, as if he had asked if wood floats in water.

"Are you for real, dude?" Ryuji asked.

"Hey, I literally just got this phone yesterday. I don't have all the ins and out of this thing
down yet." Akira exclaimed defensively.

"Just...just let me have a look," Ryuji muttered as he came up to Akira and looked at his
screen. "Yeah. You don't have any service either." He commented.

"And that's...bad?" Akira asked.

"Means you're off the grid. Can't make or receive calls, use the internet, or anything." Ryuji
said. The blonde kid then took a few steps towards the castle and looked up and down the full
scope. "Dammit, what the hell's going on here?"

"Ooh, I don't know..." Ann murmured nervously. Akira and Ryuji looked back to see her all
antsy. "...but it's giving me the creeps. I-I wanna go back the way we came!" She demanded,
pointing towards the alleyway they came from.

"But the sign, it says Shujin Academy, doesn't it? This has to be the school." Ryuji retorted.

"Yeah, and the sky is pink, there's a drawbridge, and there's nobody around when people
should be arriving by now. This clearly isn't normal, Sakamoto!" Akira replied.



"Yeah...but..." Ryuji ruffled his short, blond hair and then stomped the ground. "Gah! This is
too confusing! Look, I'm just gonna go in and see. You two can go back and take the long
way if you want, but this can't be a real castle, I know it." Ryuji said. He then started walking
towards the castle's drawbridge with a firm expression on his face.

"Sakamoto!" Ann cried out to him, but Ryuji continued to walk, ignoring her.

"Dude, come on! This could be trespassing for all we know!" Akira added. He had to admit,
the guy had major balls to start walking up to a creepy-ass castle, but were his instincts shot?
Something was obviously wrong here!

Once it became apparent that Ryuji wasn't turning around, Akira looked at Ann with a serious
expression. "I'll go grab him before he gets himself into trouble. Takamaki, you should head
back. We'll be right behind you." He told her.

Ann stared at him for a few moments, and then to the alleyway. All she needed to do was
leave and get this creepy experience out of her mind...

And yet, something kept her from immediately following Akira's instructions.

"But..." She wrung her hands together. "What if...what if Kamoshida-sensei comes back? If
you're not there, then he'll realise that the whole thing was a trick, and he'll be even more
insistent." She told him with a worried face. It seemed that she chose to be a little more
honest with him. Or maybe she had realised that hiding the truth of the matter was pointless.

Akira looked at her for a few seconds before sighing and nodding his head. "Good point. Do
you wanna stay here then? I'll get Sakamoto and we'll be back in no time."

"Y-Yeah. That works." Ann nodded her head. "Please be careful."

"Yeah, got it. You too. If something looks... weird or dangerous, then the alleyway is right
there." Akira gestured to it. "Only in an emergency, of course."

"Right."

With that established, Akira turned and ran towards the castle and then over the drawbridge.
At the end of it, he arrived at the pair of big wooden doors, one of which were pushed open.
So Ryuji had already gone inside.

Akira took a moment to process how surreal it was that he was about to enter a damn castle
on his first day of school. Just in and out, no big deal...

Akira stepped through the opening and found himself in what looked to be a lavish main hall,
exactly what you'd expect from a regal place. Pillars and torches, chandeliers, standing
torches and indoor balconies. It definitely looked like a place of nobility.

And smack dab in the middle of the hall was Ryuji.

Talking to a knight.



Not someone who was dressed up as a knight for a performance or something, but an actual
knight wielding a longsword and a massive kite shield. And its face was covered by some
kind of green opera mask.

This knight gave Akira all kinds of weird vibes, how could it not? It was actually the same
kind of sensation that he had felt last night...with Igor and the twins...

Just what was going on?

"Dayum, that costume's insane. It almost looks like real armour! Whatever club helped put
that together really outdid themselves!" Ryuji told the knight with an almost frightening level
of casualness.

Was...was he serious?

"Come on, say something. The school's a castle now, right? How long did it take to set up?
What's the occasion?"

Oh god. He was...

The sound of clanking alerted Akira to the arrival of more knights identical to the first. They
strode up to Ryuji who was looking visibly uncomfortable.

"H-Hey! W-Wait, time out!" He held up his hands. "What's goin' on!? Is this... actually real?"
He asked in disbelief. The blonde looked around to try and find a break in the formation to
run, but they had him surrounded.

One of them struck him struck in the back with a shield, sending Ryuji to fall to the ground in
pain. That was when Akira decided that he had watched long enough.

"Hey!" He shouted, stepping into the room. "Back off from him. Right now." He warned. It
achieved his goal of putting all eyes on him, including Ryuji's. "K-Kurusu...?" He grunted in
pain.

"ThErE'S AnOtHeR InTrUdEr. CaPtUrE HiM." One of the knights ordered. The voice was
unnatural, like it was distorted or something.

One of the knights stepped forward, metal boots clanking while sheathing its sword. It started
walking towards Akira.

"I don't know much about the code of chivalry, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't involve ganging
on someone who's unarmed. You're just punks in suits of armour." Akira snarled at them,
subtly getting into a fighting stance.

"YoU WiLl nOt sPeAk tHaT WaY To tHe kNiGhTs oF ThE GrEaTeSt oRdEr tHaT HaS EvEr
aNd wIlL EvEr eXiSt. On yOuR KnEeS, pEaSaNt!" The approaching knight ordered, its hand
reaching out for Akira.

Akira waited.



The hand grew closer.

He breathed in and out.

His fist tightened.

"I said...down on your-!"

CRASH!

"G-GAAAAAAAAAAH!"

The knight went flying. Blown several metres back by something too fast to see. It landed
right in front of the group of knights and Ryuji, coming to a stop with a shriek of metal, full
ass over teakettle. Both the boy and the knights were trying to process what just happened.

The knight had been in front of Akira one second and now it was lying motionless on the
floor in the next...with a massive dent in the armour.

"Wh-What the fu-!?" Ryuji gasped as he looked up to Akira, who was staring at the
remaining knights with his fist raised.

"No way..." He muttered. That random kid...did this?

In unison, the knights broke formation around Ryuji and directed all their attention towards
the foe before them. It seemed they already decided who the more dangerous one was
between the blond kid and the man who had sent one of them flying with a single punch.

"Coming up to me like that, it was like he was begging to be Tiger Dropped," Akira
chuckled. God, it was such an amazing technique, one of his favourites. "Now, what was it
your friend said...? Down on my knees?" He asked with a smug expression.

"If you want me to kneel..." He grinned as he tensed all his muscles and a shimmer of yellow
coated his body. "Then MAKE ME KNEEL!"

Ryuji didn't know about the knights, but looking at Akira right now, he was getting tingles up
and down his spine.

The knights held their swords aloft and charged at Akira, who faced them with his fists
clenched tightly at his sides. It was going to feel good to punch something again...

The first knight lunged at Akira with his sword, but Akira spun out of the way, delivering a
powerful elbow to the knight's chest plate, causing it to crumple slightly. The knight stumbled
backward, but his two companions were quick to close in on Akira.

They swung their swords in unison, but Akira rolled out of the way before popping up behind
the knight and kicking its less armoured tendons. With a grunt, the knight fell to its knees,
giving Akira the chance to roundhouse kick the sucker in the head. The knight crashed to the
ground and didn't get back up.



The second knight advanced on Akira almost immediately after, swinging its sword in a wide
arc. But in a stunning display of perception, Akira quickly moved his hands and caught the
sword between them. The befuddled knight had all of a second to react before Akira spartan
kicked it in the sternum. With a grunt, the knight fell backwards, his sword falling from its
grasp, and remaining in Akira's.

Akira flipped the sword in his grip with a hum. It definitely felt real. They were definitely
trying to kill him. He found himself slipping into a ko-gasumi stance. It may not have been a
perfect stance for a longsword, but it was the only thing that he remembered from his old
school's kendo students.

The first knight seemed to get its second wind and held up its own sword, circling Akira, who
eyed it warily.

The knight lunged forward, thrusting his sword towards Akira's chest. Akira met the attack
with a shower of sparks, his eyes glaring into holes of the soulless green mask.

A reflection on his opponent's armour had Akira quickly disengage as the other knight
rejoined the fight.

"ReTuRn mY SwOrD, aNd i'lL MaKe yOuR DeAtH SwIfT!" The second knight warned as he
thumped its shield on the ground.

Akira grinned. "Whatever you say..." And tossed the sword above their heads. The knight
held out his arm to catch it, only to realise that it was a trap. With crazy speed, Akira rushed
into a perfect striking zone!

"Essence of Uppercut Crushing!"

Akira let his fist fly, nailing the stunned knight right in the centre of its mask with such force
that it went flying back like the first guy, before lying still.

And Akira wasn't done, as he caught the still airborne sword by the hilt and slashed at the
final knight. It tried to bring its sword up in defence, but it was too slow.

With a shriek of metal on metal, the chest plate of the final knight was cut open horizontally,
throwing the knight back before it too fell to the ground, unmoving.

Akira sighed. The battle was over.

He slowly came out Beast Style after confirming that none of the knights were getting back
up. He still didn't know what the situation was with these knights, so he tried to remain
nonlethal.

As he would soon find out, he needn't have bothered.

With a horrid hissing noise, the assaulting knights were engulfed in thick black smoke,
almost like they were on fire. And just like fire, they were consumed by it in an instant, as if
their armour and whatever lay beneath was made of flash paper. Nothing was left behind



"The hell...?" Akira gasped as he looked between each of the knights. All of them vanished in
the exact same manner.

"Huh!? A-Ack! Oh god, I breathed that in...!" Ryuji gasped in disgust as the knight in front of
him turned into black smoke before also vanishing.

Decided that the matter of the vanishing knights could be put aside (as difficult as it was to
do so.) Akira looked at Ryuji before jogging up to him. "Hey, you alright, man?" He asked.
"That guy hit you pretty hard."

Ryuji looked at Akira for a second before he started to push himself up off the ground.
"Urgh...yeah, I should be fine." He replied, brushing off his pants. "More importantly
though...the hell was that, man?"

"F-Fighting...?" Akira replied, suddenly feeling like he'd been put on the spot.

Ryuji hung his head in disbelief. "Uh yeah, of course it was fighting, but you don't get into a
fistfight with four actual, literal knights and win. You put dents in 'em, man. Like, don't your
hands hurt?" Ryuji asked, almost frantically.

Akira opened and closed his hands and then shook his head. "Nah, I punched metal stuff for
training all the time back home. Eventually, you get to a point where it doesn't hurt anymore."
Akira answered.

"Holy shit... You're some kinda badass, aren't you...?" Ryuji replied in amazement. Akira then
proceeded to frown and cross his arms.

"What I am is some kind of pissed. Takamaki and I told you to come back, but you didn't. If I
wasn't here then god knows what would have happened to you." Akira glared at the now
guilty-looking boy."

"U-Umm...sorry, Kurusu." Ryuji replied. "Things were just too weird and I wanted to know
what was goin' on. I didn't think I'd run into this kind of trouble..." He added.

"I don't think that anybody would expect this kind of trouble," Akira replied. "Still, it was
stupid."

"Yeah, I got it. L-Look, can we get outta here now? I don't know what the 'eff is going on
here, but this place definitely ain't Shujin." Ryuji replied.

Akira smirked. "Door's right there."

Ryuji stood up fully and made his way to the entrance with Akira. "But for real though, you
fighting those knights has to be the coolest thing that I've ever seen. You were brilliant, man!"

Akira admittedly had to hold back a smile. That lone statement had confirmed in his mind
that, as strange as it was to fight against medieval knights, his skills had actually managed to
help someone other than himself. If only that night had ended similarly...

"Come to think of it, Sakamoto..."



"Hm?"

"Well, I rescued you from a castle, right?"

"Uh, yeah."

"And people who are rescued from castles are usually princesses, right?"

"Well yeah but...hey, wait a minute...!"

Akira grinned. "All hail Princess Ryuji! May her reign be long and prosperous!"

The squawk of indignation that Ryuji gave would become one of Akira's fondest memories...

As they arrived at the door, Ryuji sputtering to try and retain what little dignity he had left,
Akira suddenly heard something coming from outside. It sounded like voices.

"Like, I know I messed up, but calling me princess is a low blow, dude. I mean, I have my-"

"Dude, shut up for a sec, there's something outside." Akira hissed. The blond quickly shut up
and then huddled up against the massive doors. It was clear that he was going to be a bit more
receptive to Akira's instructions.

The two boys crouched low and focused their ears to the outside.

"H-Hey...you're holding on too tight! It hurts!"

"StOp sQuIrMiNg, PrInCeSs! We'lL GeT YoU BaCk tO HiS MaJeStY'S SiDe iN No tImE!"


"I told you, I'm not a princess! Is this a movie set or something? Am I being pranked!?

"It iS StRaNgE ThOuGh, I CoUlD HaVe sWoRn tHaT We wErE PuRsUiNg aN InTrUdEr..."

"Aahh! I-If you don't let me go right now, I'm calling the cops!"

That feminine voice begging to be let go was unmistakably Ann's, and there were also the
distorted voices of the knights.

Akira and Ryuji slowly peeked out from behind the door and surveyed the situation. As the
voices indicated, Ann was being dragged towards the entrance to the castle, a knight on both
her arms. She was kicking and flailing in sheer panic, yet could not break away.

"Dammit, I told her to run if things got bad..." Akira grunted.

"They probably took her by surprise. Tell me you wouldn't stop and stare if a pair of knights
came up to you..." Ryuji whispered back.

"Point taken. Still, we need to save her!" Akira insisted.

"They're coming our way. We could ambush 'em." Ryuji replied. Akira looked at him in
surprise. "Wait, you can fight too?" He asked.



"W-Well, no...but I could give one of them a good shove, and then you can take them both
out. You're uh, good for that, right?" The blond questioned.

Akira grinned as he started to get into position behind the door. "Is grass green? Is water
wet?" He told the boy confidently.

Ryuji smirked right back and dug the balls of his feet into the ground, ready to strike.

"Careful, dude."

"You too, Princess Ryuji~"

Before Ryuji could retort, the pair of knights stepped through the doors, with Ann in tow.
Both boys stayed silent as they watch the twintailed blonde kick and scream in their grip.
They were completely ignored. Good.

He looked to Ryuji and made a gesture to move on the unaware knights. Ryuji nodded back.
As a pair, they silently advanced on the group, their targets locked.

And in an instant, they engaged.

"Hrrragh!" Ryuji screamed as he charged into the knight on the right. If there was any doubt
that Kurusu was an absolute badass when taking care of these guys, it was assuaged in that
moment, because Ryuji felt like he had just shoulder-charged a brick wall. Still, it got the job
done as the knight tumbled to the ground and its grip on Ann fell away.

On the other side, Akira once again aimed for the weak point at the back of their knees and
kicked them harshly. The knight fell to the ground with a surprised gasp, giving Akira the
chance he needed to grip the top of the knight's helmet and smash its face into the ground
hard enough to leave cracks on the floor. Obviously, that grip fell from Ann's arm too.

Those both happened in about two seconds.

"Ah! G-Guys!" Ann cried in surprise and relief. As soon as her arms were free, she scurried
to the boys' backs, her blue eyes filled with frightened tears.

She was joined by Ryuji once the other knight started to recover. "Kurusu, go for it!" Ryuji
bellowed as he looked to the frizzy-haired teen.

"GrR...! YoU TwO! i tHoUgHt a sQuAd wAs aLrEaDy sEnT To dEaL WiTh yOu. WhErE Is
iT!?" The knight snarled.

"Oh, those guys? They couldn't catch a bee in an apiary. I crushed them." Akira said with a
low voice.

"ImPoSsIbLe, YoU'Re jUsT A..." The knight suddenly noticed the still body of his
comrade. "...pEaSaNt...?"

"Am I now? Then you shouldn't have any problem taking me down." Akira challenged with a
smug expression. The declaration was permeated with a palpable confidence that caused the



knight to falter.

"NgH...D-DoN'T TaKe uS LiGhTlY! yOu aRe nOtHiNg bUt-GaH!" The knight was cut off as
Akira sprinted up to it and punted its kite shield out of his grip and into the air.

"Essence of..."

Akira leapt into the air, grabbed the shield and swung it down in too of the stunned knight
with tremendous force.

"...Self Destruction!"

The knight didn't even get the chance to fight back...

"Are you okay, Takamaki? You're not hurt, are you?" Akira asked, once the threat had been
neutralised and they stood alone in the main hall.

Ann rubbed her arm. "Th-They were pretty rough. B-But I think I'm okay." She muttered.
The girl was clearly trying hard to stay calm despite all of the questions that were
undoubtedly springing to her mind. The knights that Akira had defeated had vanished as if
they were ghosts. What was up with that? And why were they calling her 'Princess'?

And Akira. Watching him was like watching an action movie. He took down those knights in
seconds. She did not expect that from someone she had met no more than five minutes ago on
the side of the street.

"Alright. So, if we're all in one piece, I vote we leave here, like right now. Not only is it
dangerous, but we're probably going to be late if we spend any more time here." Akira
commented.

Ryuji shook his head in disbelief. "Dude, we're in a goddamn castle, being attacked by
knights that turn into smoke when you beat 'em, and you're worried about getting to school
late?"

"If you were in my shoes, you'd be worried too," Akira said, his voice taking on a grim tone
that made Ryuji feel slightly uncomfortable for asking.

"U-Um, I'm all for getting the hell out of here. I don't wanna see this place ever again..." Ann
piped up. That was something that the two boys could agree on.

"Yeah, I hear ya...we should get outta here before any more knights show up. God, they're so
freaking creepy..." Ryuji paused for a second before he looked to Ann. "And, hey. I'm...sorry,
Takamaki. If I didn't insist on stayin' then we could've avoided all of this."

Ann looked at Ryuji in surprise for a moment before huffing. "We'll get out of here for now,
and then I'll decide to forgive you later. If it wasn't for-"

"-If it wasn't for Kurusu, we'd be screwed, I know..." Ryuji sighed. "Let's just get outta here
before something even crazier happens."



Akira looked to the door and waved the two to follow. "Come on, if we head through the
alley, we should..."

Akira froze. It was subtle, but he could definitely feel some killing intent being thrown at
him.

"Hey...did this room just get colder...?" Ann whispered.

"Something... doesn't feel right..." Ryuji added, his eyes glancing around the room.

Akira's instincts were screaming at him that something was about to happen. Screaming at
him to keep his guard raised.

Something was coming, but from where...?

WHOOOOSH!

"DOWN!" Akira screamed as he turned on the spot and entered the Beast stance. Akira's
order was so sudden and so powerful that Ann and Ryuji were acting on it out of an almost
primal reflex.

Akira spotted a single projectile heading straight for them, wreathed in flames like a
miniature meteor. It was fast, almost too fast.

Almost.

He tightened his muscles and focused his mind, waiting for the perfect moment to strike.

As the projectile drew closer, Akira's instincts took over, and with a mighty roar, he swung
his fist across his chest, channelling all his strength into a single blow. There was a deafening
crack as his fist connected with the object, and for a split second, it seemed like time stood
still.

Then, with a rush of air that blasted through the room, the projectile was sent hurtling
towards the far wall, crashing into it with enough force to leave spiderwebs cracks in its
place.

Akira shook his hand a little. That had stung a little bit, almost like he deflected a small
cannonball, but it was nothing that he couldn't handle.

Plus, doing that made him feel like a Dracken Orb character.

Fuck yeah!

Ann and Ryuji peeked up from the floor and stared at Akira in awe, their mouths hanging
open in disbelief. "Whoa...did you see that?" Ryuji breathed.

"It was kinda hard not to..." Ann whispered right back. God, she could barely move her
mouth...!



Akira then glanced at where he sent the projectile packing. Just what the hell had been shot at
them? Scanning the realm of reasonable options in his head didn't return any likely
candidates. What on earth could it have possibly-?

And then he saw it.

It was a volleyball. A completely normal volleyball that had been shot at them like an
oversized bullet. Who in the fuck decided that volleyballs needed to go fast enough to leave
cracks in walls!?

"Well, well, well...it's not every day that I come across someone who can deflect my spike.
How...infuriating."

Another distorted voice came from above them, but it was obvious that it wasn't the knights
from before. It was different, more sinister, and extremely arrogant.

Akira, Ann and Ryuji looked up at the top of the stairs, only to be met with...

"K-Kamoshida!?" Ryuji cried in alarm.

"Kamoshida!?" Ann gasped.

"...dude, where are your pants?" Akira asked.

The man that stood at the top of the stairwell was, to put it mildly, scantily clad. The only
thing that he was wearing that covered his body properly was a fur-lined robe adorned with
hearts. Other than that, the only other things that we wore were a pair of slippers and pink
underwear, as well as a tiny crown atop his messy hair.

But Akira could not mistake him. The man before them was, without question, the same man
that had offered them a ride just a little while ago. What was happening?

"You would address your king so disrespectfully? It is King Kamoshida! You intrude upon
my castle grounds and don't even bother to address me by my proper title? All of you are in
deep shit!"

Kamoshida gave a single wave of his hand, causing the entrance doors to slam shut behind
the trio. Ryuji turned on the spot in shock and dashed over to the door. He grabbed the handle
and frantically yanked at it, but the door wouldn't open. "Wh-What the hell!? Let us the eff
outta here, Kamoshida!" Ryuji demanded, turning to the man, glaring at him with hatred.

"Oh Sakamoto. You just don't seem to learn your lessons. You stand up to me, naively
believe that I can't get away with whatever the hell I want and now you speak with such
disrespect? I'll have you executed!" Kamoshida snarled.

"The hell you talking about, King No-Pants?" Akira asked lowly. There was genuine ire in
the man's voice. He meant everything that he said.

"Hm?" Kamoshida broke his attention from Ryuji and fixed his gaze on Akira, staring at him
with baleful golden eyes. Akira didn't flinch.



"And you. Assaulting my knights, forgoing the respect I deserve... I'll have you both
executed! But, I think I'd like to watch you scream. Perhaps I'll hang you up in the torture
chamber for a few months before I take your head..." He said with an evil grin. "There's
something about the way you stare that really pisses me off. I should gouge out your eyes...
Yes, that will make me feel better." He said.

Then he looked to Ann. "But you, Takamaki... Hmmm, I knew it was only a matter of time
before you delivered yourself to me. You clearly can't stay away, can't you?" He told her
with a perverted smile.

Ann, who was clearly horrified by being come onto by a somehow even worse version of the
teacher, proceeded to hide behind Akira.

"I-I don't want anything to do with you! You're the one who...the one who..." Ann trailed off,
looking down at the ground shamefully.

"Oh, you don't have to say anything Takamaki. You may be stubborn, but you'll come
around... You won't have a choice. Sooner or later, you'll belong to me. After all, you want
her to be able to follow her dreams, right?"

Akira noticed the light slowly dim from her eyes, and she whispered something too quiet for
him to hear. He turned back to Kamoshida and moved to block his view of the girl.

"You're blackmailing her with something, aren't you? Trying to force a relationship, with a
minor with whatever it is." He grunted, clenching his fists at the fury that started to bubble up
within them.

Kamoshida scoffed. "I don't have to answer to you, you pathetic little slime. I can do
whatever the hell I want. After all, I'm King."

He then whipped his robe outwards, giving everyone too much visibility of his near
nakedness. "Unfortunately, I don't have time to deal with you right now. I'm quite busy, so
you'll be going to the dungeons until I'm ready for you..."

Kamoshida snapped his fingers, causing many explosions of black sludge to surround the
teens. To their shock, every one of them gave rise to another abnormal knight, until there
were about twenty in total.

"Wh-Whoa, shit! Guys, come on, we gotta run!" Ryuji cried. He panicked and looked around
for an exit but saw a knight stationed at each one.

"Don't bother. I've had this room completely covered. Nothing goes in or out unless I want
it to. And you," Kamoshida pointed at Akira. "You can't possibly defeat all of these knights,
so if you want to grovel for forgiveness, now is the time."

Akira glared at him and assumed his Beast Style once again. Truthfully, being able to defeat
the knights was irrelevant, he knew that he could do it. What really made things difficult was
the fact that he'd have to protect both Ryuji and Ann too.



Still, he'd be damned if he didn't try.

"If one of us is going to be grovelling at the end of this, it's going to be you, King No-Pants!"

Kamoshida gave Akira a cruel grin and then walked away, heading deeper into the castle.

The knights drew their swords and slowly advanced on the trio. With nowhere to run, both
Ann and Ryuji huddled up to Akira with terror clear on their faces. "K-Kurusu...you can
handle this many, right?" Ann asked, her voice quivering.

"I should...but not while I'm protecting you guys..." Akira admitted. "I'll try to clear a path
through them. Once I do, you two make a break for it, at least keep out of their reach.
Kamoshida wants us alive, to torture me, to creep on Ann and to execute Ryuji."

Their faces grew grim at the summarization.

"But I promise you two this. No matter what happens, I won't let you die. I'll save you." He
told them. The knights grew closer and closer. And Akira grit his teeth.

"COME ON!" He shouted as he jumped into the mass of knights.

Akira's Beast Style was a force to be reckoned with. With each strike, the knights fell one by
one, their weapons no match for his strength and agility. But he knew that time was not on his
side. He had to defeat them quickly if he wanted any chance of saving Ryuji and Ann and
getting the hell out of here.

The room was filled with the sound of crunching metal and fallen swords. Even with a whole
gang of knights, he battled them with flawless application and brutal strikes. He broke bones
(if these knights even had any,) slashed swords, and slammed their faces into each other.
Knights fell one after the other. Yet, for as hard as he fought, he couldn't clear a path for the
pair. Not one that stayed open long enough for them both to dash through, anyway

It was when he had a pair of knights' faces smashed into the floor that he saw it - out of the
corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of Ryuji and Ann being dragged away towards one of
the room's exits.

His heart sank as he watched them disappear from view, their screams of terror ringing down
the halls.

"Ah! Crap! Get offa me!"

"No! No no no! Kurusu! Please help!"

"Dammit! Hold on!" Akira shouted, standing up, only to be met with more of the knights.
The pair's screams were growing fainter by the second...

No, don't panic. They would be kept alive.

He got up from his most recent victims and looked at the remaining knights. Eight in total.



"I'm sorry, knights, this isn't personal or anything, but I've gotta finish this quick..."

Akira took a step back and readied his stance. One that radiated frightening power.

"Who's first? Plenty of Tiger Drops to go around!"

Yeah, Akira had pretty much given up on getting to school on time at this point.

"Shit shit shit shit shit shit!" Akira cursed over and over as he sprinted down the halls of this
crazy castle. The walls turned to blurs and stairs were taken four steps at a time. Obviously,
he didn't have a clue where he was going, but he'd seen the knights take Ryuji and Ann this
way. It was either pursue the only lead that he had, or leave the castle, call the authorities, and
try and convince them of everything that had happened.

He was already on probation, he didn't need to be thrown into a cell again for drug usage...

No, he'd have to save those two alone.

Akira continued to run, noticing that the gaudy blurs were starting to change into dreary,
oppressive blurs.

And...was that the sound of water that he heard?

As Akira continued forward, the sound of rushing water grew louder and louder until he
finally emerged into another part of this castle, and what he saw before him was so absurd
that it stopped him in his tracks.

It was some kind of large chamber, lined with muddy-red stones illuminated only by flaming
torches, with parts of it partitioned off by thick cell doors. The rushing water sound that he
heard came from an aqueduct in the floor, running all the way down the length of this place.

Was aqueduct the right word? Maybe it was more appropriate to call it a channel?

From the ceiling, thick chains dangled down above the water. Some were simple chains,
others were manacles to hang someone by their arms, and there was even a massive cage, big
enough to put a person in... This just kept getting more and more creepy.

Akira scanned the chamber, looking for any signs of the others, but all he saw were other
macabre 'decorations' that were strewn all over this area. Rusty trays for carrying food on,
chests filled with whips, nails, even barbed wire. Akira felt sick to his stomach just looking at
it. This was the perfect example of a torture dungeon.

There were cells lining the walls of this place, but a quick peek in them revealed that they
were either empty or the doors were outright open, which meant either they were waiting for
prisoners...or the much more horrifying possibility that-

"YEEEAAAAAARRRGH!"



Akira immediately flinched, chills running up and down his body like electricity. What was
happening?

He had just sprinted into a horror movie, that's what was happening!

The only thing that kept him from turning tail and sprinting back the way he came was the
knowledge that Ryuji and Ann had to be down here somewhere. But the only way to find
them was to head deeper in... God he hoped that it would only be more knights that he'd have
to deal with.

Akira gathered his courage and took a single step forward, but then heard the sound of heavy
clanking.

Speak of the devil.

Akira quickly darted to one of the empty cells and hid himself inside. Until he knew for sure
where his schoolmates were, he shouldn't draw attention to himself...

He peeked out from within the call and spotted a group of knights returning from beyond the
barred partition. They probably weren't on patrol, but Akira didn't want to be lax and find
himself in more trouble.

He pressed himself against the wall and covered his mouth. The clanking steadily got
louder...closer, until they were right outside the cell door!

Thankfully, that's all it was, and the squad continued on their route, marching down the same
passage that Akira came from.

Akira waited for ten seconds, then thirty, then sixty, before finally emerging from his hiding
place. That could have been really dicey.

After taking one more glance, Akira shot out of the cell and ran up to the barred partition.
The door was unlocked. Either the guards were lazy or they were confident no one would
escape. Whatever, it worked out for him.

He continued further into the dungeon the sound of his footsteps echoing against the stone
walls. He hoped that he was going the right way. The only plan that he had was to follow the
water.

And over the sound of that rushing water... he heard something.

"...Hey! Let us the hell outta here, assholes!"

CLANG!

"Ack! Shit...!"

There was no doubt about it. That was Ryuji!



With relief now blossoming in his heart, Akira sprinted after the voice. His feet pounded the
ground beneath him as he stared forward resolutely. They'd better be safe...

He eventually came upon a cell to his right, the final cell in this long-ass hallway. Inside, he
saw two figures that he was all too happy to recognise.

Ryuji was leaning up against the cell bars with a frustrated expression on his face, while Ann
was curled up on the wooden cot in the back of the cell, looking close to a panic attack.

Akira skidded to a stop in front of the cell. "Sakamoto! Takamaki!" he exclaimed. "Thank
goodness I found you!"

Both teens bolted upright in surprise. They glanced to the front of the cell, to see their mutual
ally.

Ryuji looked up at him with a grin, his frustration bleeding away to show sheer relief etched
all over his face. "Dude! Holy crap, I thought they got you too! You alright?" The blonde
asked, gripping the bars.

"I should be asking you guys that. I thought that screaming was yours for a second there."
Akira replied, causing Ryuji to grimace. "Yeah...man this place is soooo effed up..."

Akira sighed and pressed his forehead against the bars. "Sorry, Sakamoto, I said that I'd keep
you guys safe, but..."

"Don't worry about it, man. They had us surrounded. What matters is that you're here no-
waah!?"

Ryuji was suddenly pushed aside as Ann got off the cot and rushed up to the bars. "Oh thank
God! You came to save us, right Kurusu?" She asked desperately.

Akira couldn't help but smirk. "Of course. After all, I couldn't leave the vulnerable Princess
Ryuji in the clutches of such a wicked place~"

"Wha-! Dude!" Ryuji spluttered. "S-She's also locked up! Why ain't she the princess!?" He
pointed to Ann, who couldn't help but giggle, despite the grave nature of the situation.

Akira smiled at his attempt at levity before looking at the cell doors, his face falling into a
frown. "In all seriousness though, this thing looks pretty thick. It's gonna be difficult to get
through it if we don't have the key." Akira muttered to himself.

"Wait, you don't have a key?" Ann asked, her face twisting back into nervousness. "B-But if
you don't have a key, how can we get out...?"

"You can just break this door down with a single kick, right, just like with the knights! After
all, your strength's the real deal. I tried punching one of those knights when he took us away,
and I couldn't make a dent!" Ryuji said, with eyes filled with enthusiasm. "My knuckles still
hurt, even."



"I mean...I could break it down, but it'll take more than one kick to do that. A lot more."
Akira replied as he thumbed his chin. "If I go that route, there's no guarantee that I can bust
that thing open before a guard comes to check out the commotion. I gotta get you guys outta
there before any knights show up. If they show up in the same numbers as before, I might
never get you out." Akira admitted.

"So...wh-what should we do then?" Ann asked.

Akira sighed. "Just...just give me a second to think." He groaned. He directed his sight behind
the duo and into the cell. "No chance of being a secret passage like in the movies?" He said
with an awkward chuckle.

Ryuji shook her head. "We already searched this place. Nothing here but barrels, that bed
thingy, and those chains on the wall. We thought about hiding in the barrels to make 'em think
we escaped, y'know, so they'd let their guard down. But it's too obvious. It's the only place to
hide in here... " Ryuji replied.

"That so...?" Akira mumbled as he managed to squeeze his head through the bars and take a
closer look at the cell himself. It was just as Ryuji said. There was next to nothing that looked
like it could assist in escaping.

No, there had to be a way.

He scanned the room from top to bottom, with Ann and Ryuji looking at him anxiously...

Hm?

Oh, that could work...!

"Sakamoto, Takamaki I have an idea, but I'll need your help," Akira told them, with nothing
but seriousness in his voice. Both the blondes stared at him attentively.

"Sakamoto. Those shackles on the wall. They look old. See if you can separate that open one
from the chain. Takamaki, set those barrels next to the bed. Get one of their lids off and leave
it slightly ajar."

"Huh? What are we doing exactly?" Ryuji asked.

"Oh, yeah, I should probably tell you what I've got..." Akira said as he retracted his head and
grinned.

"Alright, here's what we're going to do..."

"Pah! You're useless, every single one of you!" A certain king snarled as he stormed
through the dungeon with an entourage of knights. "How could you all fail to capture a
worthless peasant? There were twenty of you, for shit's sake! Now he's scurrying around
my castle like a rat, and it's all your fault. If he isn't found within the hour, I'll be taking
YOUR head!"



"F-FoRgIvE OuR InCoMpEtEnCe, KiNg kAmOsHiDa! I AsSuRe yOu tHaT We'lL
ApPrEhEnD ThAt sTrEeT TrAsH AnD GiVe hIm hIs dUe pUnIsHmEnT!" One of the knights
replied nervously.

"Hmpf...well, on the bright side, I have Sakamoto and Takamaki to play with..." He said, a
nefarious grin stretching across his face. He was coming up to their cell now. Maybe he'd
break Sakamoto's other leg, maybe he'd give Takamaki a good fondling after tearing off her
clothes. Or perhaps both. Yeah. That sounded good. He wanted to leave this cell with both
their eyes devoid of hope.

With a flutter of his robe, he stepped in front of the cell...only to find it barren. Takamaki and
Sakamoto weren't inside.

"What!? How did they...!?" Kamoshida began to ask, before his brain caught up with him.
There was no way that they could have escaped; the door was still locked.

They had to be hiding in the room somewhere. And by somewhere, he meant literally the
only place to hide. Those barrels weren't fooling anyone.

One of the knights fiddled with the keys before opening the door, allowing entry to
Kamoshida and the knights. Without needing a command, the knights stood in front of the
barrels, ready to punish the foolish prisoners. They were as dumb as rocks if they thought that
this could fool them. Hell, one of them was even slightly open. Utter amateurs.

Kamoshida decided to have a little fun.

"Gee! I WONDER where they could have gone. They're probably not inside these
BARRELS. I guess we'll be on our way now." Kamoshida then obnoxiously stomped his
feet in front of the barrels, as if he was walking away. He smirked as he imagined the
quivering pair inside the barrels.

He then nodded to his knights, two of them placing their feet on the barrels. And with a wave
of his hand, he put an end to their little game.

CRUNCH...!

Or...it should have been. There was the crunch as the barrels shattered, but no fearful screams
or timid whimpers.

And more importantly, there was nobody inside them at all.

"W-Wait, what...?"

Creak...

Click...

The door!



Kamoshida and the knights all turned at once to see the cell door had been shut, with them
inside. And not only that, a metal clasp was being affixed to the top of the door, securing the
edge of it to the static bars. They had been locked in!

And worst of all, on the other side of the bars, there stood Takamaki, Sakamoto and that
damned glasses brat that had been screwing up his plans left, right and center!

"Bastards! Release me immediately!" Kamoshida snarled, rushing up to the bars and
gripping them tightly. He rattled the door, but the clasp held tight, only allowing a little
wiggle room.

He didn't understand! How did they escape? Where had the third teen come from?

"You know, it's funny..." Ryuji said, looking at Kamoshida all cocky. "You'd think a
volleyball player would be more used to lookin' up."

Looking up...?

The realisation hit the king like a bolt of lightning.

"The rafters...!?" He gasped, with his gaze drawing to the top of the cell where there were
wooden beams lining the walls. They must've climbed up the bars of their cell and waited in
the rafters until they opened the door, distracted by the barrels, then they dropped down and
escaped, locking them in with a detached manacle.

"Ugh, I feel like I'm gonna throw up, that could have gone sooooo bad." Ann groaned.

"It almost did. If I didn't catch you guys, we probably would have been noticed." Akira
added.

"Still feels weird that you did that..." Ryuji added.

"Where the fuck did you come from, you shitstain!?" Kamoshida snarled, practically
spitting venom.

"Oh, I was hiding in the canal. Popped up behind you the second you went in." Akira replied
with a smug expression.

"Uh guys, we should go. I don't want to stick around to see how long that holds them." Ann
quickly commented.

"Yeah, sounds good!" Ryuji replied as he set off down the dreary path. "C'mon, we're getting
out of here!" He announced.

"Oh, one sec!" Akira replied, before walking up to the bars, Kamoshida glaring at him like a
crazed animal. "Hey, King No-Pants?"

"IT'S KING KAMOSHIDA, YOU INSOLENT-!"



Akira reached into the cell, grabbed the man by his robes, and pulled him into the cell bars
with a loud clang. Then he did it a second time, and then once more for good measure, the
man crying out in pain each time.

"Aaaargh! You l-little..." Kamoshida cursed before Akira shoved him to the
floor. "ffffffffffuuuuuuuuuck!"

One of the knights caught the man, but that did nothing to soothe his skull.

"It's "mud" as far as I'm concerned." Akira snarled, before turning around and running after
the other two. Part of him hoped that they wouldn't be able to get out, but he knew that they'd
probably only have a few minutes head start.

Better skedaddle.

Unfortunately, the way that they had come from had been blocked off. The partition had been
locked this time, which meant that they needed to find a way around it.

The route that the three teens stumbled upon involved using cages to jump across the
aqueduct, and finding a broken cell wall that they could crawl through to reach another area.

"We-We don't actually have to crawl through there...?"

"Takamaki, it's our only way out."

"But my ti-tights might get torn..."

"..."

"..."

"Welp, sorry, Sakamoto, it looks like our road ends here. We'll be apprehended any second
now, but Takamaki's tights are worth more than our lives, apparently."

"Sh-Shut up! I realised how stupid it was when I said it... Let's just go...!" Ann blurted, red-
faced.

It wasn't long after scurrying through the tunnel that they found themselves before their next
obstacle, a raised drawbridge, with a disgusting stone bust of Kamoshida on its side. Talk
about pretentious!

"Shit! How're we supposed to lower this thing? I'm not seeing any buttons." Ryuji exclaimed.

Ann stared at it for a second before then looking at Akira. "Could you try punching it?"

Akira gave an incredulous snort. "Takamaki, I can't punch all of our problems away. Only
most of them." He snarked. "But take a look." He pointed across the channel. "This is a...ah, I
read about this somewhere...well, this bridge has two halves on either side and they both



meet in the middle. Even if I could knock down one side, the other is still stuck." He
explained.

"So...we've got no choice but to find the mechanism..." Ryuji grumbled. "But there's nothing
here!"

"Yes, there is, and I could show it to you if you release me!" A high-pitched, almost childlike
voice suddenly rang out.

The trio froze on the spot, and their heads turned to inspect a lone cell at the end of the
corridor. Was someone in there?

That's when they noticed something small, black and white grasping at the bars. And that was
small with a capital S. This thing barely came up to their kneecaps. And it looked like...

"W-Waaaah! A m-monster cat?!" Ann yelped, immediately backing away from the cage.

"Holy shit!" Ryuji cursed "Why is this place so freaking weird!?"

Indeed, this...creature seemed to be some kind of bipedal feline, but with a bulbous, oval-like
head, and even had a tiny utility belt around its waist.

Akira just silently stared at the thing.

"Wh-What!? I'm not- L-Look, the key to the door is right there...!" The feline-like creature
pointed to a single key that hung on a hook right next to his cell.

"What?! You can not be serious! You look even weirder than the knights. What if we open
the door and you start tryin' to rip out faces off?" Ryuji asked, his brow furrowing in
suspicion.

"Or what if you're just trying to trick us by pretending to be a prisoner? You could be the
most dangerous thing we've seen so far!" Ann added.

"Rip your faces off!? Pretend to be a prisoner? I'd never do stuff like that. I'm a gentleman...I-
I promise." The creature replied. It looked downtrodden for a second before looking up.
"Look, believe whatever you want, but I do know the way out of here. You wanna escape? I
can bring you to an exit! I know a surefire way to get around the patrols. As long as we keep
our heads down, you'll be out of here in no time!"

"A-An exit?" Ann asked.

Ryuji scowled. "I don't trust it," he muttered. "It could lead us into a trap, or, like I said, rip
off our faces."

"I woooooon't!"

Ann, on the other hand, was more curious than wary. Mainly because this thing offered a way
out. "But it's saying it can help us," she said. "And it seems harmless enough."



"Harmless?" Ryuji scoffed. "Takamaki, literally nothing in this place that we've seen is
harmless!"

Jingle

"Look, we don't have time for this," Ann said, stepping forward. "We need to find a way out
of here, and this might be our only chance. Plus, even if it doesn't have the best of intentions,
have you forgotten who we have with us? He could probably neuter it before it tried
anything."

"N-N-Neuter!?" The feline squeaked.

Ryuji crossed his arms. "Dammit, we don't have time to discuss this. Those knights will be on
our asses any second!"

Click

"Yeah, so we might as well have someone here who knows where to go!" Ann argued.

"But like I said, he could be lyin' about it. Kurusu, what do you-?"

Creeeeeeeeeak...

A squeak of rusty metal silenced the duo's argument as the cell door swung open. The
creature proceeded to trot its way out of the cell. With a relieved grin, it stretched its stubby
arms and legs...

"Ah, freedom tastes so-MROW!?"

Only to be engulfed by a surprise embrace from the frizzy-haired kid that released him.

Akira had been silent up until now, but now he was muttering something that sounded like
"Holy crap, I can't believe it...!" And "He's even more cuddly than I imagined...!"

"H-Hey! Frizzy Hair! L-Lemme go! This is embarrassing...! Put me-Ah, no! Not between my
e-eeearrrss...! M-Mroooow~ Purrrrr~ Meeewww~"

The feline tried to break free from Akira's grip, but it was a futile effort, and when Akira
started stroking his head, then it completely devolved into adorable purring and meowing,
with its disconcerted expression melting into one of blissful relaxation.

"Uh, dude? The hell!?" Ryuji cried as both he and Ann watched Akira act completely
different to how he had done so far. He was... snuggling with this monster cat like it was
some kind of plushie! What kind of badass snuggled with plushies?

Ann thought the scene was weird but also kind of cute.

Akira broke attention from his curry captive and looked up at the two blondes. "Guys! Can
you believe this!?" He asked, holding Morgana up. "He's a real-life Kitty Kat!" He
announced excitedly.



"...Eh?" Came the confused responses of the other two.

The 'Kitty Kat' seemed to snap out of the trance while Akira wasn't petting him. His white,
furry cheeks slowly began to pinken and he flailed in Akira's arms.

"I am NOT a cat! I am Morgana! Now quit showing me off and put me DOWN!" He
demanded. The...not-cat, or so he claimed, seemed to be genuinely upset, so Akira was
brought out of his euphoric state and slowly lowered him to the ground.

"Uh, you do know that cats are...real, right? They're not mythical creatures like unicorns or
kappas." Ryuji commented with a deadpan look. "And "Kitty Kat?" Really?"

"Huh? Yeah, I know that." Akira replied, watching as Morgana embarrassedly brushed
himself off. "I don't think that Morgana's an actual cat; I was talking about the line of toys
that you can only get from UFO Catchers. You know, the Kitty Kats. They come in calico,
blue, red, tiger, and American Short Hair, but I've never seen a black and white one..." Akira
explained.

"T-Toys?!" Morgana cried in indignation.

"UFO Catcher..." Ryuji muttered. "Now that you mention it..."

"Yeah, he totally looks like one of those Kitty Kats!" Ann announced with a bright smile
"Suddenly, he doesn't seem so suspicious!" She added merrily.

"Wa-Wait! Now you think I'm a toy? I'm not! I'm a human, just like you guys!" Morgana
retorted with probably the last thing that any of them expected."

"Human?" Akira asked. "But you look just like..."

"I know, I know, I'll explain later! But we don't have time! The shadows'll be on us any
minute!" Morgana insisted.

"Shadows...?" Akira whispered to himself. What the hell were shadows?

"Aw crap, we got distracted!" Ryuji hissed. Now that they listened, there was the distinct
sound of metal boots, rushing to their location.

"Morgana, you said you knew the way out, right? Please, take care of us." Ann begged,
interlocking her fingers desperately.

Morgana looked to Ann.

He blinked twice.

His heart began to beat rapidly.

His ears and tail perked up, pointing straight at the ceiling.

Ann's beauty instantly entranced him, and her hopeful gaze immediately left him giddy.



It was love at first sight.

"N-No problem, my Lady, just leave it to me!" Morgana squeaked. The sudden formality
made Ann chuckle.

"You can call me Ann if you'd like."

"Lady Ann..." Morgana purred, smiling brightly as he repeated that name over and over again
in his head. "A wonderful name for a wonderful woman~"

"Monamona! We need to go, now!" Ryuji cried. The knights were almost on them!

The urgency in his voice seemed to snap Morgana out of his trance. "Oh! Right, right!
There's a lever in the jaw of that statue over there. If you pull it, the drawbridge will lower.
And it's Morgana!" He told them.

"Sakamoto!" Akira quickly called upon Ryuji to confirm Morgana's words. The blond rushed
over to the bust and pulled its jaw down. Then there was the chittering of unseen machinery
which gently lowered the two bridge halves onto place, allowing them passage.

"Hell yeah! Let's book it!" Ryuji cried as he dashed over the bridge.

Morgana grinned. Surely this gesture of goodwill would win him some points with Ann.
Perhaps she'd give him a hug, or maybe even a kiss...!

"Thanks, Morgana!" Ann chirped as she too started to make her way over the bridge.

"Whuh!? W-Wait, Lady Ann...!" Morgana called out, but Ann was already gone. The not-cat
seemingly deflated and a depressed aura clung around him.

Yeah, that would probably have been too easy...

"You good, Morgana? You look kinda down..." Akira asked, being the only one to notice the
cat's depressed state.

"Yeah...let's...let's just go..." He replied, slinking toward the bridge.

"Well...if you're feeling upset, I could always give you another cuddle?" Akira offered.

"I don't want that kind of attention from you!"

"But we can't just leave them here!"

Their grand sprint lasted no more than half a minute before they came across something that
made them stop in their tracks.

Other people.



No knights, nothing outrageously perverted like what Kamoshida had going on, no. There
were people down here, just like them...students.

"And I said we don't have time! We could be captured at any second. Saving these guys are
pointless.

"Pointless?" Akira questioned. Morgana, a guy is hanging upside-down getting repeatedly
beaned with a volleyball getting shot out of a cannon while three other guys are running for
their lives on a treadmill with rolling spikes on the end. If we left them to suffer..."

"That's just how this place works!" Morgana cried impatiently. "Can't you see that they're
different from all of you? Helping them does nothing.

"Different from us...?" Akira muttered, leaning into the bars. He watched the exhausted
students sprint on the treadmill, desperately trying to accomplish that Sisyphean task of
tasting even a drop of the water at the end. "Now that you mention it..."

These people didn't feel like the others, like Ann, Ryuji or even Morgana. They felt weird.
Like, the knights weird.

"They're...like the knights?" Akira asked, causing Ryuji to look at him in confusion. "Like the
knights?" He pressed? "The hell are you talking about?

"Yeah, they're like the knights." Morgana quickly replied. "Those people down there, they're
not real. Think of them like...I dunno...like props. Props that can move and speak, but aren't
actually alive." He explained.

"Wait, are you talking about, like, robots or something?" Ryuji asked.

"Also not too far off. Look, there's not enough time for me to explain it all, so let's-"

"Those are the uniforms of the volleyball team..."

Everybody looked to Ann, who had been quiet up until now.

"Every student down there...they're all members of Shujin's volleyball team. That's Taokaka,
there's Daki...something. Yeah, these guys are definitely part of the volleyball team..." Ann's
voice sounded quivery, and her face was pale.

"L-Lady Ann?" Morgana asked.

"Hey...yeah, you're right! Looking at 'em now, all these guys are part of the volleyball team!"
Ryuji gasped in realisation. "But then, why would there be robot versions of 'em in this
backwards ass place?" He asked.

Morgana drew his attention from Ann and focused it towards Ryuji. "I just said that there's no
time to explain. We need to leave!" The cat stated firmly. He then dashed away on his tiny
legs gesturing for the others to follow.

"Hey! Wait up!" Ryuji cried, sprinting after the feline.



Akira took a glance at Ann. She still seemed to be thinking about something that had to do
with the volleyball team. "You gonna be okay?"

"I-I don't know," Ann replied.

"Can you still run?"

"Y-Yeah, I can. Sorry." She apologized. The blonde shook her head as if to distance herself
from those thoughts that had plagued her.

"Let's go."

"Morgana..."

"Y-Yeah?"

"You said that you had a surefire way to escape, which would take us through minimal knight
patrols and be quick as long as we kept our heads low."

"I d-did..."

"So then, why are we currently standing before an entire retinue of goddamn knights in the
only room of the castle where they'd feasibly fit!?"

"D-Don't blame me! The original path I had was way too heavily guarded. I had to
improvise!"

"Improvising by strolling through the main hall?"

"It was...supposed to be sn-sneaking..."

Akira would liken their situation to being thrown into a lion's den with meat hung around
their necks.

Morgana had initially tried to bring them one way, but ten knights had blocked their path, and
Morgana had insisted on using another exit. Which just so happened to only be viable to them
by crossing the main hall.

They had barely made it halfway across before shit rocketed fanwards, and countless knights
inundated the hall in explosions of black sludge. Akira didn't bother counting them all, but he
knew that it was somewhere over a hundred.

"Oh god...oh god...!" Ann whimpered. There were so many of them that she had started to
totally freak out. She probably saw that cell again, with a plan that wouldn't work a second
time.

"No...no effin' way..." Ryuji whispered. There was no disguising the quiver in his voice. The
blonde was petrified by the sheer amount of knights.



Even Akira, for all of his strength, wasn't sure if he could take on that many knights at once.
He had his hands full dealing with a fifth of them.

"D-Don't panic! I have one more trick up my sleeve." Morgana whispered as he started
frantically searching in his utility belt. However honeyed his words were, the trembling on
his part made it clear that he was also feeling the pressure.

And then came that horrid laughter. The slapping of slippers off the marble floor. And just
where he had stood before, Kamoshida was staring down at them like they were rotting fruit.

"Wh-What!? We left him locked up!" Ryuji gasped. "How did he get free so fast!? How did
he get here before us?"

To that, nobody had an answer.

"Hahahahahahaha! Such moronic peasants. Did you really think that you could escape
that easily?"

"I'd argue that none of this had been easy-"

"Like the oblivious ants you are..."

"Oh, you're still talking, okay, fuck me, I guess."

"...you paraded through my castle, thinking that you've been staying undetected. Well, I
have news for you..."

His grin grew even more malicious.

"Nothing happens in this castle that I don't know about! Including your desperate bid to
escape." He flicked his hair up. "Like rats on a sinking ship."

"You know, you're acting awfully cocky for a man who got locked up in his own goddamn
dungeon!" Akira retorted.

"Dude! The hell are you doing!?" Ryuji hissed. "You're just gonna piss him off!"

"Well, he's pissing me off." Akira shot back, his glare never breaking from the evil king.

"Oh...? I piss you off, huh?" Kamoshida said with a snarl. "What a bold thing to say to
your king."

Akira grit his teeth. "Damn right, you piss me off. I don't know what the hell is going on,
where we are, or why it's happening, but what I do know is that you've been giving me and
my friends shit ever since we got here, and I'm sick of it!" Akira screamed at the perverted
king.

"My, my, my. Look at you, all fired up," Kamoshida chuckled, clearly amused by Akira's
outburst. "But do you really think you can do anything about it? You're just a speck of



nothing, while I am a king. The ruler of this world. You are no more than a bug to be
crushed under my feet."

Akira clenched his fists, trying to control his anger. All of this conceitedness... If it weren't
for all of these knights, he'd already be up there, ripping him in half.

"A king with a paper crown, no doubt. We've seen what's in the dungeons, what you do to
your subjects or whatever the hell they are. I've seen how you look at Takamaki and
Sakamoto; with arrogance and lust." Akira said, his voice low and steady. "You're no king.
You're just a tyrant and a bully, with, might I add, the worst fashion sense I've ever seen."

"Careful what you say now. Every single word makes me want to increase your torture
tenfold." Kamoshida warned, his hands gripping the banister.

The king's eyes trailed over to Ann and Ryuji, who were standing behind Akira timidly. A
grin returned to his face.

"And you have the audacity to speak of my actions when you've thrown your lot in with
those two? Have you any idea of the things that they're responsible for? How much pain
they've caused?"

Ryuji and Ann froze in place, petrified by what Kamoshida just said. It was clear that they
both knew what he was talking about.

"H-He can't mean..." Ryuji whispered.

"But I was...!" Ann squeaked anxiously.

Akira looked behind him to see that the pair was noticeably shaken by what the king said.
"Everything alright?" He asked them.

Ryuji suddenly pushed past Akira and pointed this finger at Kamoshida in accusation. "Don't
you effin' dare call what happened my fault. You were the one responsible for that!'

"But it was your fault, Sakamoto. So many dreams thrown to the wind, all because you
couldn't control yourself..." Kamoshida shook his head as if he were pitying the blonde.

"You...you...!"

"You know I'm right..." Kamoshida said.

"No...no! You were the one who put us through all of those exercises with no breaks! You
didn't give a shit about running, so you abused us until we broke. You got our old coach
fired! You purposely provoked me so I-!" Ryuji stopped himself and took shuddery breaths.
His emotions were getting the better of him.

And no one else was put through that? Even now, you're acting as if you're the lone victim.
Shameful!



Akira frowned as he was forced to listen. It was obvious in retrospect, but Ryuji seemed to
have a reason to be so hateful towards Kamoshida. He leaned back to Ann.

"Takamaki, what happened between Ryuji and Kamoshida?" He asked.

"H-Huh? Oh, um, well...the official story is that Ka-Kamoshida was the coach for the running
team at one point, the one that Sakamoto was on. But then one day, Sakamoto attempted to
assault him, and in self-defence...Kamoshida...he..." The girl trailed off.

"What did Kamoshida do to him?" Akira asked seriously.

"He..."

"...broke his leg."

Akira swore that he felt his heart stop. He broke his leg? In self-defence? In what universe
would going that far constitute as self-defence?

A fully grown man; an athlete, had broken a teenager's leg. On a team of runners. That would
be crippling.

"Blame me all you like, Sakamoto. Doesn't make it any less true that because of your
selfishness, so many of your peers whose dreams it was to run have been crushed!"

Ryuji's eyes lost their accusatory fire, and the boy fell to his knees. Kamoshida may have
been a son of a bitch, but none of what he said was incorrect. He had allowed himself to be
goaded. Allowed himself to fall into Kamoshida's trap. He'd been stupid.

"That useless running team was Shujin's pride and joy. Without it, the school may have
just faded away into athletic obscurity. Enter Suguru Kamoshida, the hero of Shujin
Academy. Without my volleyball team, the school may have lost its athletic draw altogether.
I took them to nationals! I won prestige! While you, Sakamoto, you just pissed it all away.
Now, you'd be lucky to even graduate!" Kamoshida spoke with an insufferable sneer.

With the blond boy verbally beaten down, Kamoshida looked back at Akira with cruel eyes.

"Now, answer me honestly. Is a selfish, moronic, insignificant shitstain of a person like
him even worth trying to save?" Kamoshida asked.

Now, it was worth noting that Akira hadn't known Ryuji for more than a couple of hours. The
boy was next to a complete stranger to him. So was Shujin Academy. He had no idea of the
influence of the volleyball team, nor the prior influence of the running team. He didn't know
a lot of things. Did Ryuji's problems really have to be his own? They weren't even on a first-
name basis.

To be frank, beyond getting everyone back, he had no obligation to this entire situation. This
whole thing about teachers with king complexes, Ryuji's acts of violence, and medieval
castles in modern-day Tokyo were matters that he should have nothing to do with. He was
on probation, and here he was, picking fights with weird monarchs, and running incredibly
late for his first day of school.



There had to be more to the situation, but the bottom line was that if he wanted to stay out of
trouble and not bring any attention to both himself or Morning Glory, he needed to keep his
head down. He needed to be the kind of person who looked away from people in need.

A bystander.

A coward.

But...

There was an undeniable distraught on Ryuji's face that Akira would never be able to ignore.

That Kazuma Kiryu would never ignore.

"If I may summarise, your Majesty..." Akira began in as mocking a tone as he could. "You
coached the running team beyond harshly, you provoked Sakamoto into attacking you in
order to claim self-defense and dish out an injury that no one reasonably should, you got the
old coach fired, and had the pride of Shujin at the time abolished, all so you could prance
around with your own favoured sport. You murdered the lead actor of the play so you could
get the role!" Akira accused. "If I'm feeling any animosity towards anyone, it's not Sakamoto
it's you!"

Kamoshida scowled in response while Ryuji looked at Akira in shock.

"And the most disgusting thing about it is how goddamn proud you are. You're making it out
like you're a hero, but you're just a prick who thinks that crippling children, torturing them,
makes you hot shit." Akira shuffled over to a nearby floor candelabra. "It just makes you a
normal piece of shit."

He hefted the bulky thing in his hands, playing with the weight. "So, sorry if this whole idea
of causing infighting between us didn't work out..."

Like fire, golden cinders of power started to roll off Akira's body.

"In fact, it's only assured me that you deserve this!"

With that cry, Akira heaved the golden candelabra at Kamoshida with all of the technique and
ferocity of a hammer throw.

"Wh-What the-!?" Kamoshida gasped.

There was a clank, and a distorted groan as a lone knight took position in front of the king
just before the strike. It didn't get its shield up in time though, so it was met with a painful
impact that left a dent in its breastplate. Both it and the candelabra fell to the ground.

Akira clicked his tongue. Damn knight legion.

"Wh-What the hell!? What was that?!" Morgana looked up from his...pile of scrap that he
was playing with and stared at Akira incredulously. Normal humans weren't supposed to have
that kind of strength!



"I could tell you, but I'd prefer you to keep working on whatever's supposed to be saving our
lives right now," Akira replied, not breaking eye contact with Kamoshida at all.

"Oh, right!" Morgana squeaked as he quickly returned to what he was doing.

He didn't understand though, the only thing that warranted that kind of power within
somebody was a Persona. But he couldn't sense one inside of him, not a presence like his
own. So...did this guy just get lucky?

"So...you'll defy me to the very end, will you? That's a poor decision you shitty little
insect."

"I've been defying you all day, why stop now?" Akira retorted.

Kamoshida turned up his head and began to pace back and forth. "Hmpf, I hate to admit it,
but you've been a massive thorn in my side ever since you got here. You've made a fool of
me, brought my knights to their knees...and that look in your eyes. I hate it. I hate it!"

He held out his hand and growled in a low voice. "My ball."

Immediately, one of the knights procured a nondescript volleyball and placed it into
Kamoshida's hands.

"It's clear that I can't afford to be lenient with you anymore. I'm done giving you chances
to wriggle free. I'm going to end you all with one shot! You, Sakamoto, Takamaki, and that
cat!"

There was a massive surge of power around Kamoshida, and Akira could immediately tell
that this would be unlike anything that they had yet seen.

The man suddenly jumped high in the air, and let the ball drift from his hand. "Be thankful
that the majesty of this technique will be the last thing that you ever see!"

There was a whoosh, followed by what sounded like a loud rubbery snap as Kamoshida
spiked the ball with terrifying might. Akira readied himself to deflect it once again.

And then...

It split.

There were no other ways to put it. The ball fucking cloned itself and what was once a single
meteoric projectile turned into a hundred-strong barrage!

Akira was certainly not prepared for this!

No, don't panic...! The balls were powerful, but they were easy to read. Keep a cool head.
Rush Style would be able to get him out of this in one piece...

But as he was about to switch, he remembered that this attack wasn't meant for just him.
Ryuji was still knelt in front of them. Ann and Morgana were gaping at the onslaught. None



of them were able to move. This move was beyond overkill for normal people like Ann and
Ryuji and probably Morgana.

If he dodged, then they...

"SHIT!"

Akira grabbed the back of Ryuji's blazer and turned on the spot to throw him back over to the
other two before he even realised what happened.

Then, he ran at the now group of three and crash-tackled them to the ground. No time to be
gentle. He got surprised gasps, meows and grunts, but they'd just have to deal with it.

From there he brought them all together using his body as a shield against the onslaught. And
all he could do after that was...close his eyes and hope that it didn't hurt as bad as he
thought...

"Dude!?"

"Kurusu!"

"Frizzy Hair!"

Then, the volleyballs began to land with tremendous force. On the floor around them, and on
Akira's back. And any wishful thinking that Akira possessed was dashed in that fury of
volleyballs that each hit like a sledgehammer.

He took the strokes to his legs, his head and everywhere in between. The pain was
excruciating, unlike anything that Akira had ever felt before.

He wanted it to stop. He wanted to make a leap to safety but he forced himself to stay in
place. Forced himself to be a stalwart barrier between the attack, and his allies.

He felt something warm begin to seep through his clothes and hair, and his vision blurred
from all of the concussions that he likely had.

For an agonizing amount of time, Akira was forced to grit and endure the barrage. Arms
buckling, willpower waning.

And yet, never breaking.

It wasn't until the final ball of the onslaught struck that his desperate defence fell, and he
collapsed onto the trio that he had just protected.

"Shit! Kurusu!? Kurusu!" Ryuji cried. He scrambled to get out of the pile and immediately
assessed his fellow teen's situation. And it was bad. Really bad. Like his body was
literally smoking bad.

Akira was insanely banged up. His entire body was peppered with severe impact marks.
From the shine and deformations on his back and pants, he probably had some friction burns



as well

What was also noticeable was the blood that soaked through his clothes, staining his jacket in
pants in dark red liquid. And with his head... Christ, it was bleeding like crazy. There was so
much that it was pooling around his head, soaking into the carpet and staining his glasses.

Ryuji was joined by a tearful Ann and a horrified Morgana, gathering around Akira's body.
They were all sickened at how grievously wounded he was. And it was all to protect them?

Morgana had seen the indentations and cracks on the floor where the balls had missed. To
fracture and warp them like that...what was the damage like on Akira?

Dammit! He couldn't even summon his Persona for first aid without all of these knights
closing in on them!

"Kurusu!? Can you hear me?!" Ryuji asked desperately. He received no reply.

"W-We've gotta get him to a hospital!" Ann cried. The colour had almost completely drained
from her face, and seeing those injuries had her almost throwing up. For a moment, she had
even doubted if Akira was alive, if not for the subtle rise and fall of his chest. Each shuddery
exhale sounded painful.

Of course, over their panicked cries, there came that infuriating laughter once more.

"Hahahahahahahaha! Holy crap! This is brilliant! I knew that you'd come out of that
fucked up, but you took so many of my spikes willingly! There is not a single word in the
world that can define how ungodly stupid you are!" The king announced in hysterics.

And then, to make matters worse, the entirety of the knights began to laugh at them too with
haunting, distorted voices. Pointing at them, clapping their hands, all with those
expressionless masks. It was like something straight out of a nightmare.

"To think, not only did I have to ravage my beautiful floor, but you now stain it with your
broken body and unworthy blood..." He turned to a knight. "Make arrangements to have
those fixed at once."

"At oNcE, mY KiNg!"

Kamoshida turned back and waved his hand for silence. The sight of Akira's injuries made
his foul smile spread. He stepped closer, his voice dripping with sadistic glee.

"Looks like you were all talk in the end weren't you, Kurusu?" Kamoshida taunted. "You
thought you could defy me? You thought you could stand against my power? And now,
you're broken, just like all the rest!"

Akira could hardly hear the insult. His entire body was swimming in sheer agony, and it
made it hard to focus on anything. His vision had dissolved into nothing but blurry blobs, and
everything he heard sounded like it was underwater.



He could feel his blood run down his face. He could feel his skin burn and his head throb. He
was definitely in the worst shape he'd ever been.

And yet, his arms strained, his teeth gnashed and weak gasps left his lips. He had to get up.
He had to! If he didn't...

But he couldn't. His strength had all but left him. The power that had carried him through so
many tribulations just wasn't able to answer the call. All he could do was lie there, in a pool
of his own stupid blood.

But there was one thing that he wasn't able to ignore, no matter how messed up he was, and it
was Kamoshida's taunts and jeers. That he could only listen to them made him feel weaker
than ever. And yet, something bugged him beyond everything else...

How did Kamoshida know his name?

Akira knew that he had never said it around him? So how did Kamoshida know it?

"Eh, in any case. It'd be no fun torturing someone who's already broken, so I've got no more
desire to keep you alive." Kamoshida huffed as he held out his hand, where another
volleyball was placed, to the horror of the group.

"Perhaps this spike will turn you into paste, or maybe it'll make your organs shoot out of
your mouth, or just maybe, it'll drill a hole straight through you. However it happens, this
is my killshot!"

Kamoshida reared his hand back, the rubber of the ball creaking under his grip.

It was a time of despair for the group. Kamoshida held all the cards. He had taken down their
strongest player, and none of the others were particularly strong to begin with.

And yet, Ryuji stood up, glaring at Kamoshida like he would all the world's evils. He blocked
the way of the ball, both nerves and courage flooding his veins.

Akira, who had protected them without any hesitation...what kind of man would he be if he
couldn't do the same?

"You're not touching him!" He snarled at Kamoshida.

The king scoffed. "What? You think I won't shoot through you, Sakamoto? If anything, I'll
shoot harder. Maybe I'll aim for your other leg; finish what I started. A second case of self-
defence', the school will call it." He taunted.

Ryuji flinched, but he still stood his ground. He clenched his fists in anger, his eyes full of
hatred. "Shut up, you bastard! We won't let you get away with this!"

"You stupid brat. You should know by now that I always get away with this." Kamoshida
sneered. "Tell the teachers, your parents, even the police. Those vultures are so desperate
to ride my coattails that they'll let me get away with anything!"



"What...!?" Ann whispered. The police of all people ignored actual reports made on
Kamoshida? But he was just a gym teacher. Surely he didn't have that kind of pull!

"You nearly killed a transfer student who has nothing to do with you 'cuz he stood up to you.
You can't just pretend that didn't happen!" Ryuji shouted at Kamoshida.

The king chuckled and gestured to Akira's broken body on the ground.

"What? Him? His body could be found in a dumpster and nobody would care. In fact,
they'd probably rejoice at the fact that the 'troublesome transfer student' is no longer a
problem."

"Troublesome?" Ryuji asked.

"Kurusu isn't the noble person that he's led you to believe. I looked into his records before
he came over here." Kamoshida explained, leaning on the balcony. "He didn't come here
for a change of scenery or to challenge himself. He's here on probation, for assaulting a
man."

Ryuji, Ann and even Akira gasped, the latter quite painfully.

"Of course, I did my civic duty and made sure that everybody at school knows of the
dangerous student, but what a shame, all my efforts are for naught since he will be dying
now."

"You...l-leaked my record!?" Akira grunted in disbelief. But he hadn't even officially attended
school yet. This guy was that much of a scumbag that he decided to just screw up any chance
of Akira having a normal high school life before he had even shown up?

"Wait, you mean...you actually assaulted someone...?" Ann asked Akira. She sounded so
confused, and Akira didn't blame her.

"False...accu-accusation." Akira hissed. His voice was barely above a whisper. Not that he
wanted to be insensitive, but he'd prefer to have this conversation when he wasn't a mangled
mess.

"You mean...he was a dick?" Ann replied.

"The dickiest..." Akira groaned. He couldn't help but give a pained smile at Ann's summation.
"Though he's a close contender..." He tried to glare at Kamsoshida, but he couldn't even move
his head. A sudden surge of pain shot through his body and Akira gasped. His vision was
gradually getting blurrier, and the longer that he lay there, wallowing in agony, the less he
could hear. Voices and sounds were getting distant. He felt a soft hand grasping his own
while two small limbs gently gripped his head and chin.

Morgana really was quite furry.

"Still, this may be your only chance. That criminal is still breathing. If you leave him
behind, I might just give you some time to escape." Kamoshida told the blonde.



"H-Huh!? What are you sayin'!?" Ryuji asked in complete alarm.

"What? You're so stupid that you need me to spell even that out? I'm gonna do to him as
what I do to all those I deem criminals." To emphasise his point, he held up the
ball. "Either you give me his life for a chance at yours, or don't, and you all die
together." Kamoshida tossed the ball up in the air and caught it over and over, each rubbery
thunk echoing across the room.

"L...Leave Kurusu behind? There's no way we can do that! Right?!" Ann looked to Morgana
hopefully. And yet, much to her horror, she saw the cat's round head lowered and his face
noticeably conflicted.

He wasn't actually considering that...?!

"Morgana...we can't...!" Ann whispered.

"Lady Ann..." Morgana squeaked. He looked to the girl, and then to Akira. The man who had
so recklessly, yet bravely defended them from Kamoshida's assault. The man who had freed
him when neither Ann nor Ryuji could decide.

But the time for debts was not now.

Kamoshida may have been a bastard, but offering them a head start was actually sort of
generous. At the cost of Akira's life though...

"I definitely know a way out of here, and I have my trump card set. But I can't...we can't take
him with us. We need that time. There are knights everywhere!" Morgana told Ann
desperately. "I...I know that he saved our lives, but we don't have a choice. The only thing we
can do is...make sure he doesn't die for nothing." He told her solemnly.

"No..." Ann whimpered.

"Come on!" Kamoshida's voice rang out. "It's not like this is a hard choice. He's just a
criminal with no future. Worthless. Scum-of-the-earth. A blight!" Kamoshida spat.

"You're right...it isn't a hard choice at all," Ryuji muttered. The boy took a deep breath and
then stepped forward. "I barely know the guy, but all he's done, ever since we met him, is pull
our asses out of the fire!" He said, with an increasing voice.

"You say he's a criminal, but he's been nothin' but heroic. He stopped Takamaki from getting
into your car, he saved me from your knights, and he freed Monagana!"

"It's...! Mngh..." Morgana wanted to correct him, but he quickly realised that it would be
ignored. That, and the surge of guilt that he felt when Ryuji declared that it had been Akira
who freed him caused the cat to let the mispronunciation slide.

"I don't care if he did assault someone! I don't care that he's got a record or that he's on
probation. He's a good person, and he's also really cool! But you...!"

Ryuji took another step towards Kamoshida.



"You took away his chance of a normal high school life before you even knew what he
looked like! You're forcing Takamaki into something she doesn't want, and you treat
everyone else like shit!"

"Sakamoto..." Ann gasped. She couldn't tear her eyes away from the blond.

He spat on the ground, before the king.

"So, thanks but no thanks, I'm not going to abandon anyone! Take your "mercy" and shove it
up your ass!"

"Vermin!" Kamoshida cursed. "You reject the benevolence of your king?! I'll take all your
limbs, and then your head!"

"Shut up! You're no king! You're just a third-rate gym teacher! And I'm sick and tired of you
looking down on me with that stupid smile on your face! KAMOSHIDA!"

"You made me wait quite a while."

And then Ryuji's eyes flashed gold...

What exactly happened from that moment, Akira couldn't really tell. He heard a lot of faint
screaming, and then a blinding blue light. Then there was the sound of metal being thrown
around. Every pained breath that he took was now filled with something...weird, something
that he had difficulty placing. Like steam from a bath, but instead of a sensation of moisture,
it felt more tingly, like he was breathing in...electricity?

"...N...ay! Bl...air...ona...?!"

"...Per...at's...ona...?"

"...o...ti...we...ve...ance...!"

He could hear Ann and Morgana talking, but he couldn't quite make out what they were
saying. They sounded far away, even though he knew that they were right next to them.

"...ome...orro!"

Through his closed eyelids, he noticed a second blast of blue light, way closer to him than the
first, and he heard a feminine scream, presumably Ann's. What the hell was going on!? Try as
he might, he wasn't able to open his eyes and find out. He was trapped in darkness with
nothing but pain as his constant company.

"...ia!"

At that moment, Akira felt a subtle shift in his body. The excruciating pain that had engulfed
him was slowly ebbing away, replaced by a peculiar warmth. It started as a faint flicker, like a
tiny flame dancing against his skin, but started growing stronger, spreading through his body



It almost felt like when he flooded his body with Heat, but it was noticeably different. But it
didn't seem to be invasive or nefarious. It was a tingling touch that worked its way into every
fiber of his being, and to his amazement, was healing his wounds.

Those craters left in his back and head healed at an astounding rate. His hearing got clearer,
and little by little, the weakness latching onto him was almost peeled away.

The darkness that shrouded Akira's vision soon retreated, and little by little, he managed to
force his eyes open. He saw Ann clearly, her mouth covered while her sapphire eyes
portrayed nothing but relief. "K-Kurusu! You're okay!" She cried.

She didn't sound like she was underwater right now, so that was good.

"I'm...okay?" He parroted. How was he okay? He wasn't exactly complaining, but he got
completely messed up. How had he recovered from wounds like those?

"I've done all I can. You were a light breeze away from my spell not being able to do
anything." Morgana told him.

"Spell?" Akira asked, looking over to Morgana. "What, you're talking about magic or som-
HOLY SHIT!?"

Despite everything weird that he had seen today, he couldn't stop himself from yelling in
alarm, because if this wasn't a concussion making him see things, then there was a massive
figure made out of fire with triangle-like proportions and tiny legs hovering behind Morgana
with a rapier at the ready!

Like, what the hell!?

"Who...are you?" Akira asked whatever the hell this thing was. He was pretty sure that it
wasn't human.

"Hah! This is Zorro, my Persona! Cool, isn't he?" Morgana stated proudly.

Akira didn't know whether or not he should agree. He didn't even know what he was looking
at. "Persona?" He asked.

"Yup! Zorro is my rebellious will made manifest! I used his power to heal your wounds." He
explained.

"Yeah, he said "Dia" or something like it, and then you were covered in green sparkles," Ann
told Akira. "Although..." She turned her head to Morgana, looking a little miffed. "Why
didn't you just do that when he first got hurt? I really thought that he was gonna die!" She
hissed.

"I-It was a tense situation. I th-thought that if I summoned him prematurely, then all the
shadows might attack us. I can't take on those many knights..." Morgana replied. It didn't
seem to have any fire of defence to it though, probably because that criticism came from his
precious Lady Ann.



"I-I don't get it..." Akira grunted, as he finally managed to push himself up to his knees. It
was still painful, but far from the mincemeat he was before. "If you couldn't summon...Zorro
before because of the knight situation, then what changed?" He questioned.

His answer came in the form of Ann pointing a finger behind him.

Akira grunted as he turned himself around. He was just in time to see a knight crash to the
floor. It wouldn't have been all that unusual to see that, except for the fact that
he wasn't responsible this time.

The culprit himself was quite unexpected.

Clad in black, a familiar figure was going to town on those knights. His yellow-gloved hands
gripped a basic pipe as a weapon, an improvision that Akira was intimately familiar with.

Wrapped around his knees were protective metal kneepads, and clinging to his back was what
Akira could only describe as a spine of metal. It looked punkish, but also kind of cool.

But there was one thing, that Akira was drawn to. One thing that their saviour wore that
caused something inside him to stir.

His red ascot.

...

...

Nah, it was the grey mask that sat upon his face. It looked like the upper half of a skull.
Determined brown eyes stared out from behind it as he clobbered a knight across the head
with the pipe.

And then there was that bright, blond hair that immediately indicated who this warrior was.

"Is that... Sakamoto?" Akira asked in total confusion, because the last time he was fully
conscious, he was pretty sure that Ryuji wasn't wearing an outfit like that.

"Yeah..." Morgana muttered in reply. "He's awakened to a Persona."

"Awakened to a Persona?" Akira repeated, his mind racing with questions. "What does that
even mean? Are you saying...he's like you now?"

"It means that he's unlocked a part of himself. His true self. An unquenchable desire to stand
against authority, and rip off his own mask of conformity." Morgana explained. "It's hard to
put it into words, really." He added, still watching Ryuji with awe.

The boy gave a sinister grin as he dodged a swing from a knight's sword and gripped the edge
of his mask. A wave of power suddenly flooded the room and with a geyser of blue fire,
Ryuji's mask was removed.

"Rock on, Captain Kidd! Let's knock a few more of these guys around!"



Akira had to cover his eyes from the ensuing flash. It stung to look at, but when it faded,
what hovered behind Ryuji was undoubtedly similar to Morgana's own Persona, in feel that
is. Their appearances themselves could not have been any more different. While Morgana's
Persona seemed to have some sort of refined air, worthy of a renowned swordsman, Ryuji's
one was more...wild in nature.

His avatar of rebellion came in the form of a skeletal pirate clad in an outfit made for
swashbuckling. A pirate hat emblazoned with the Jolly Roger sat upon its head. And in place
of a stereotypical hook hand was a cannon.

And while that was all going in, the pirate was standing on a miniature black pirate ship with
a menacing face painted on its stern. Akira couldn't help but wonder if the pirate was big, or
the boat small...

Either way, both Ryuji and his Persona were kicking some serious ass. Not only was he
knocking them down with his pipe, but summoning his Persona brought down a volley
of...lightning?

There was no other way about it. One after the other, Ryuji was summoning genuine bolts of
lightning, utterly massacring his foes. Another thing that Akira had to add to the list of
supernatural bullshit that he had seen today.

At least it explained the electricity in the air.

"And that's why he's wearing... that?" he asked, gesturing to Ryuji's outfit.

"It's a manifestation of his rebellious will," Morgana chimed in. "Those clothes are like an
armor to protect people from being affected by this world. Kamoshida doesn't have any
authority over Blondie anymore and now has to resort to brute force to get him to submit."

"Well, whatever Sakamoto is doing, it's working," Ann said, gesturing to the pile of defeated
knights around them. She raised her fist in the air triumphantly "Go Sakamoto!"

"It's not that simple, Lady Ann! When you first awaken to your Persona, you can unleash
power close to your maximum potential with it. The trade-off though, is that it's super taxing
on your body. If Ryuji goes much farther, he's gonna burn out!" Morgana revealed, his eyes
wide in panic.

Those eyes were soon shared by Ann and Akira, as they looked over to Ryuji, still
slaughtering knights with his pipe and lightning.

"Can...Do you think that he can take out all of those knights on his own? It looks like he has
taken down almost half of them." Ann asked, wringing her hands nervously.

"Don't worry about that," Akira grunted, trying to push himself to his feet. "Any that he can't
take out, I will." He declared.

"You're hurt!" Ann reminded Akira.

"And you don't have a Persona! A regular person can't fight shadows without a Persona."



"I can," Akira replied.

"H-Huh? What do you mean?" Morgana questioned.

"Well, he isn't wrong, when Sakamoto and I were captured, he had to beat up a bunch of
knights to get to us." Ann recounted.

"What...?! But that's not...there's just no way that...!" Morgana was totally stunned by the
news of Akira's actions but quickly regained his focus.

"Ah, whatever! Listen, Frizzy Hair, if you can fight, then you can run, right?" Morgana
asked. "Get Blondie over here, we need to escape!" The urgency in the cat's voice was
unmistakable. At this moment, they could all escape, but they had to leave now!

"Sakamoto!" Akira called, stumbling to his feet.

Ryuji took a swing at another knight before he turned towards them. There was an excited
glint in his eyes from behind the skull-like mask "Hey guys!" He cried. He gestured to
himself. "I don't know what happened, but I feel like such a badass now! I even got this
awesome outfit. Admit it, you gotta be jelly!" He announced.

Then he realised that Akira was looking much better, and his excited expression turned to
surprise "Kurusu, you're okay, dude?" he called out in relief.

"Yeah! Morgana fixed me up! Listen, Sakamoto, we gotta get the hell out of here, while we
still can! He told the boy.

"What!? But I'm just gettin'-"

"Ryuji! Now!" Akira repeated firmly, he barely noticed that he used his first name.

"Urk! F-Fine, I'm coming!" Ryuji replied. He then turned around and pointed to the irate king
about them. "This isn't over, Kamoshida! Not by a long shot!"

The king snarled at Ryuji. The gall of that slimeball. To awaken to such a power to match the
majority of his servants. What on earth had happened?

Well, no matter. He had a backup plan.

"No. It isn't." He grunted, before snapping his fingers. The group's attention was quickly
drawn to the remaining guards, thinking that they were about to try something.

Akira's misaligned instincts kicked in too late to stop what happened next.

"Kyaaaaa!"

As it turned out, they were looking in the wrong place.

"Takamaki!"



"Lady Ann!"

It had happened in a split second. An unknown entity had somehow made its way behind
them and with speed that made it look like a blur, it snatched up Ann. By the time that Akira
was reaching out, the blonde had already been taken.

Taken over to Kamoshida.

The assailant with Ann in tow came to a stop right next to the man, giving everyone else the
chance to look at it.

Or rather, her.

"What the...!?"

"I c-can't be seein' this right..."

"Holy crap! It's two meow-velous and beautiful girls!"

Ann was restrained in a full nelson, but the arms holding her own were dainty, and not
muscular in any way. That was because the one holding Ann in place was...

Ann.

Another Ann who looked identical to the original in every way but her fashion sense was
completely risqué. This Ann was "covered" in only a black and pink bikini and wore a pair of
similarly coloured cat ears on her head. It was weird, uncomfortable and definitely not
something that a high schooler should wear. It looked like this Takamaki worked at the
sleaziest cabaret clubs!

"Wh-What...? Why the 'eff are there two Takamakis!?" Ryuji cried in total confusion. This
place had given them way too many questions already, but a clone of Ann in one of the
skimpiest outfits that they had ever seen really took the cake.

"It's gotta be the Palace Ruler's cognition of Lady Ann. That's how he sees her~" Morgana
explained, with his eyes still overtaken by hearts.

And wasn't that another keyword here...? "Cognition," "Palace," "Shadows," Morgana had
been spouting all of these terms ever since they had met him, but he hadn't clarified on any of
them. Granted, they didn't have a lot of time, but that didn't make any of them less curious.

"Let her go!" Ryuji demanded raising a...

Was...was that a goddamn shotgun!?

Where the hell had he gotten that?

"I ain't asking again, asshole! Let Takamaki go!" Ryuji warned, with his finger curling around
the trigger of the weapon.



"Oh please! Do you think I'm scared of that? Even you should know that a shotgun relies
more on power than accuracy. Which of those two do you think is more important right
now?" Kamoshida replied with a mocking tone. He seemed to have found his sickening
smile once things had turned back in his favour.

Ryuji snarled. He knew that what Kamoshida was saying was true. It would be impossible to
accurately aim at Kamoshida from this distance without Ann possibly getting caught in the
spread. The same went for his new lightning powers.

But like, what else could he do? Kamoshida had taken Ann hostage with some weird and
lewd-as-hell version of herself. What could he do?

"Hey," Ryuji turned to Morgana. "Does your Persona give you a ranged weapon?

Morgana had thankfully snapped out of his trance due to the seriousness of the situation but
proceeded to look embarrassed.

"I-I have a slingshot..."

"For real, man?" Ryuji cried in exasperation. A slingshot was next to useless in this situation.

"I-It's more accurate than your stupid shotgun!" Morgana snapped back.

"Don't think I don't see you peasants conspiring over there. Rest assured, if any of you try
anything, I'll break her goddamn neck!" Kamoshida warned.

Ann, who was understandably freaking out about the fact that she was not only in
Kamoshida's clutches but also being held in place by her doppelganger in the most mortifying
attire that she had ever seen, looked to the king in horror.

"Wh-What...!?" She shrieked.

Kamoshida gave her a side glance polluted by his ugly smile."What, you think you're too
important for me to kill? That spike barrage wasn't meant for you as well? Tough shit,
Takamaki, because I don't need someone who constantly refuses me...not when I have your
ideal replacement right here~" Kamoshida taunted. He reached out and slowly ran his hands
through the alternate Ann's hair. Disturbingly, that made the girl purr in pleasure.

"Mmmn~ Like, anybody who rejects King Kamoshida's love should tooooooootally be
executed. Snap their neck~ Cut out their tongue~ Drawn and quartered~" The duplicate
sang in possibly the most bimbo-ish, airheaded tone that anyone here had heard. The fact that
it was said with a distorted version of her own voice only added to Ann's terror.

"Well said, my sexy little kitten. Very well said~" Kamoshida responded.

And with no shame whatsoever, the man grasped the alternate Ann's chin, as one would a
lover, turned her head to meet her gaze and brought his head down to lock lips with her. Like,
hard locking lips. As in full-on, frenching each other, despite the fact that one was over
double the other's age.



"Ugh! Dude, that's so 'effing messed up! Stop!" Ryuji demanded. Watching Ann kissing
Kamoshida, regardless of whether it was the real one or not, was revolting!

Ann couldn't control her panicked breathing as she heard the sound of the two making out
only inches behind her. Her pupils dilated, her eyes flowed with tears, and the urge to vomit
surged in her throat. In a frenzy, she pulled and screamed, yet her clone's grip didn't budge.

The helplessness of the situation was palpable. Ryuji was holding his shotgun aloft for no
other reason than false hope that he would be able to get a clear shot.

Akira had even less chance of making it there before Kamoshida could do anything. He
would have to battle through all those knights at once, and Kamoshida could kill Ann a
hundred times over before he got there. Morgana would have the same problem.

"Dammit, we can't just do nothing!" Ryuji cursed. It was a notion that Akira agreed with, but
there wasn't any feasible path out of this. Not when someone's life was on the line. What
could they do? He could see that Ryuji's arms were starting to shake. For as staunch as he
was being, he was starting to wear out, exactly as Morgana described.

Kamoshida chuckled and pulled away from the kiss with the alternate Ann. "What? You
jealous, Sakamoto? I'm not surprised. Women would never be attracted to a punk ass like
yourself. Could be raining pussy and you'd get hit in the head with a dick!"

"Sh-Shut up!" Ryuji screamed. "Make your freaky Takamaki sex doll let go or I'll..."

"You'll what? I hold all the cards. I can kill her any time I want, and all you can do is just
watch like a bunch of pissants. Maybe I'll fulfil what her slutty body has been destined for
before I rip her to pieces..."

Kamoshida began to pace around the practically catatonic Ann. "Remove your clothes..." He
played with the hem of Ann's blazer.

"Get you raring to go..." He dragged his hand across her thigh.

"And then, when I'm done playing with you, I'll kill you in front of all of your little
friends!" He grabbed Ann's pigtail and gave it a harsh pull.

"YOU FUCKING SICKO!" Ryuji screamed at Kamoshida.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" The maniacal laughter of the king rang out across the
room.

Akira's heart pounded in his chest as he watched the horrifying scene unfold before him. The
despair that gripped him seemed suffocating, his mind racing with the realization of just how
hopeless the situation had become.

Kamoshida held all the power, toying with Ann's life and taunting them with sadistic glee.
The words he uttered, filled with cruelty and malice, cut through Akira like a knife.



As he glanced at Morgana, he saw the despair mirrored in the cat's eyes. All he could feel
was anger and frustration. They were trapped, trapped in Kamoshida's sadistic game with no
clear way to save Ann.

Akira's gaze shifted back to the girl, her eyes glazed over in a state of shock and fear. The
sight struck him deeply, a painful reminder of the consequences of their failure. He couldn't
bear to witness the degradation Ann was subjected to, the threat of her imminent death
hanging in the air. The weight of it all pressed down on Akira, draining his spirit and leaving
him on the precipice of despair.

At that moment, the walls seemed to close in on him, the world narrowing down to complete
darkness. Hopelessness engulfed Akira. Acting, thinking; he couldn't do either.

Despite all of his strength, there was nothing that he could do to stop this. What was the point
of his abilities if he couldn't use them where they mattered most?

Ann was terrified. Ryuji was exhausted. Morgana wasn't strong enough.

He was useless. He had nothing but his gut. He was up against a wall...

 

And yet somewhere deep down, there was a spark of determination that refused to be snuffed.

 

He had to find a way. He had to turn this impossible situation around.

He had to...

HE HAD TO!

And that was when Akira saw a familiar blue.

Glinting in the darkness of his despair, a glowing orb of calm blue gently washed over him.
From that light came a curious creature that fluttered around in the dark.

"A...butterfly?" Akira muttered in confusion.

Its ethereal blue wings flapped to and fro, eventually circling around his head. At that
moment, Akira heard a serene voice fill his ears.

"This is truly an unjust game... Your chances of winning are almost none." It spoke. "But if
my voice is reaching you, there may yet be a possibility open to you..."

An unjust game?

A possibility open to him?

What did that mean?



To his surprise, the butterfly circled him one last time before settling atop his frizzy black
hair. It opened and closed its wings silently, having designated this spot as its perch.

At that moment, Akira heard footsteps. The clicking of shoes coming towards him. The
sound resonated around him, and he couldn't deny how unnerving it felt. Like he was being
stalked or hunted. There was only one light in this place, and it rested atop Akira's head.

The footfalls grew closer and closer, and Akira found his heart racing...

And then they stopped. The last footstep echoed to the ends of the dark plain. The one behind
them stood just out of range of the light, and that made it even creepier.

For a moment, Akira considered whether he should step forward or not. Meet this guy head-
on.

And then he heard a voice that stole his breath away.

"Akira..."

The voice was deep, yet carried a sense of calm and warmth that Akira instantly recognized.
It was a voice that had guided him through many hardships, a voice that had imparted
wisdom and strength in his darkest moments.

 

From the abyss stepped out Kazuma Kiryu.

 

"U-Uncle Kaz?" he whispered, his voice choked with emotion.

His caretaker stepped forward, an ordinary motion, yet seemed so full of power.

The man grew closer and Akira found himself frozen in confusion. How was this happening?
How was Kiryu here?

Any attempt to ask the question only resulted in incoherent mumbling.

"You're in trouble, aren't you?" Kiryu asked. He stared right into Akira's eyes like he was
looking straight into his soul. His eyes were filled with understanding and patience, as if he
already knew every burden resting upon Akira's heart.

Akira was silent and only nodded his head in response.

Kiryu's gaze softened, and he reached out to place a reassuring hand on Akira's shoulder.

"It's hard. The feeling of being backed into a corner. The feeling of having no options left. It's
frustrating. Scary too." Kiryu spoke softly. "I know all too well how it feels, to face down the
impossible."



He continued staring into Akira's eyes with not a shred of hesitance.

"But I fought anyway. I fought because I didn't have a choice. Because the people I loved
were in danger. Because some scumbag believed that he deserved to stand above everyone
and everything. And you Akira...I have no doubt that you can do the same."

Akira hung his head for a moment, feeling ashamed of his despair. But Kiryu's words gave
him a sense of hope, a flicker of strength that he thought he had lost. He looked up to Kiryu,
his eyes shining with gratitude.

"And...Wh-What if I'm not strong enough? Every time I tried to help someone, things have
just gotten worse..." Akira told him, disheartened.

"You will be," Kiryu stated firmly. "That dirty kid who showed up at Morning Glory one day
has grown into a wonderful, kind and strong young man... Someone who knows that helping
people is never wrong." Kiryu pressed his hand deeper into Akira's shoulder. "And that young
man, I believe, can do anything."

Akira was silenced by such a revelation. Kiryu believed in him that much?

"Uncle Kaz...what can we do? How can we get out of this? How can I save everyone? Can
you help me?"

Kiryu's face became serious. "I wish I could...but you're somewhere that I can't reach right
now. This battle, you'll have to fight on your own." Kiryu answered with a voice of regret.

"But that changes nothing." He declared. "You need to stop thinking that you're helpless. You
have the power to change the game, whatever it is. Find that power. Find that way to win. I
know you can do that, Akira Kurusu!"

Akira's breath hitched at the passion within Kiryu's voice. It was startling, yet riling at the
same time.

"Akira..." Kiryu's voice dropped to something wistful. "Many times in my life, I've been too
late to act, and bad things happened because of it. I don't want that to happen to you." Staring
at him seriously, he imparted one more fragment of wisdom.

"Never hesitate, got it?"

"Y-Yes! I got it, Uncle Kaz!" Akira responded stiffly.

Kiryu gave Akira a firm smile and then let him go. "Akira. I don't know where you are. But I
know that I'll find you, and bring you home..." Kiryu told Akira, slowly stepping back into
the darkness.

"Br-Bring me home...but Uncle Kaz, I can't-"

But the man had already vanished. Gone without a trace.



And Akira was left standing there, alone in the darkness once again with only the butterfly
keeping him company now.

He didn't know what just happened, he didn't know why he had just seen Kiryu in some kind
of weird vision.

And yet, that didn't matter. Uncle Kaz believed in him. He believed!

Akira would not do the man a disservice. He would see to it that his faith wasn't misplaced.

And that was when the pain began.

Agony like nothing he had felt before shot trough his mind. A terrible sensation that felt like
a red hot bar was being inserted into his brain. Even that barrage paled in comparison

"A-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHH! RAAAAAAAAAGH!

It was so bad. He felt himself scream his throat raw, yet that didn't help the pain at all. He
lurched around like a crazy person, dislodging the butterfly atop his head and causing it to
flutter back to who knew where.

"Have you decided to stop pitying yourself?"

Akira could have sworn that he heard a voice, but he couldn't be sure, mostly because his
pain had doubled as the voice spoke. He didn't even think that it was possible for it to get any
worse.

"Grounded though you may be, you still have your fangs and your claws. Will you simply
dawdle until you lose them too?"

Akira didn't have much capacity in the way of thinking, but losing more than he had lost
already... That was unacceptable.

"N-No." He whispered between screams. "I can't lose anymore. I won't!"

"Very well... I have heeded your resolve." The voice replied.

The pain was now so bad that Akira had fallen to his knees, desperately cradling his head in
his hands.

"Vow to me. I am thou, thou art I. Thou who art refuse to let the weak suffer; to stay true to
your justice, and to never waver."

Akira could suddenly feel a weight on his face.

"Should thou be condemned to hold up the sky, or be chained to hell itself, our contract will
remain, everlasting!

Akira felt around his face. There was some kind of...mask in place. He was struck with the
uncontrollable urge to take it off, but when he tugged on it, it didn't move. Desperately, he



pulled and pulled. He heard the sound of tearing and screamed at the feeling of his skin
giving way. Blood ran down his face, but he didn't stop pulling.

"For too long you have wallowed in the shadows of legends that have been and legends to
be... Now, the time has come to forge a legend of thy own!"

RIIIIIP!

"AAAAAAAAAAAH!"

It was the guttural, agonised screaming that broke the standoff within the hall.

Everyone looked to Akira, who had fallen to his knees and was trying to get some kind of
mask off his face.

Ryuji recognised the scene immediately. After all, he had gone through the exact same thing
only moments ago. While he didn't feel that pain anymore, the memory of how excruciating
it was would stick with him for a long time...

Morgana watched the young man tug so hard on the mask seemingly fused to his face, that
blood started to run down it.

Was his own awakening that painful? He didn't know...

"I can't believe it. I thought it was weird that Blondie was the only one with the potential of
Persona. To think that he had it too..." He whispered to himself.

Ann, who had given up all hope at this point, saw Akira's face as it twisted in agony, saw his
subtle relief as the mask was torn off, and watched as a pillar of blue fire engulfed him, just
like what happened to Ryuji. Light slowly started to return to her eyes.

Could this be...?

Kamoshida's eyes widened as he watched. Whatever was happening seemed to be the same
thing that Sakamoto went through, and it had given him the power to take on his knights.

If this peasant, that could already fight his knights, woke to the same power...?

He still had a hostage, but he shouldn't take any chances. He had to stop this!

"Quickly! Kill him before he can try anything!" Kamoshida bellowed to his order of
knights. Several rushed out, swords drawn before the inexplicable tower of blue fire.

"Oh no you don't!" Ryuji turned and tried to rush to Akira's aid. "Tried" being the key word.
With a yelp, Ryuji felt the remainder of his strength leave him and he fell flat on his face. He
had reached his limit. "D-Dammit!"

Morgana was a bit fresher.



"No! Leave him alone!" Morgana warned. In a second, he had already summoned Zorro.

"Zorro, show your might!"

The Persona slashed its sword in the shape of a 'Z' and a gale of cutting winds rushed forth.

Unfortunately, each gust was small in size and was only able to injure a knight, instead of
outright defeating it. He got lucky and downed a couple, but that wasn't good enough. The cat
tried desperately to repel the knights, but they inevitably broke through and rushed towards
the pyre of flames, letting out battle cries as they prepared to slaughter the teenager cocooned
within.

Eight knights in total charged into that conflagration...and not even a second went by before
their cries were crudely silenced.

There was no heat to those flames, and yet those knights were incinerated, turned to ash by
what was less of a tower of blue flames and more of a protective wreath, keeping everything
out until the transformation had run its course.

The blue fire then started to shape. It's countless embers twisting into something thinner,
more humanoid...

Something that stared out from the azure pyre with malicious eyes the colour of molten
metal.

It didn't look anything like Ryuji's Captain Kidd, nor Morgana's Zorro. The blue fire traced
the form of something that looked far more demonic. Long, curved horns, giant, weathered
wings and an expression that belonged to what could only be a devil.

The room was filled with a peal of eerie laughter that sent chills down everyone's spines.

Under some misconception that he still had the situation under control, Kamoshida gripped
Ann's face threateningly. The twintailed girl gasped and tried to pull away, but both her clone
and Kamoshida held her still.

"I-I know you're in there, you piece of shit! Don't forget that I still have the bitch right
here" He spat. "You do anything and she's fucking dead! You hear me!? I'll kill her! I'll
kill-"

No one in the room could explain what happened next.

The flames vanished.

There was the sound of a gunshot, and the fake Ann fell away from the real one, a single
bullet hole in her head.

Akira was gone.

And Kamoshida felt something grip his arm.



Kamoshida grunted in pain and was forced to let go of Ann's face. He tried to pull his arm
away, but his aggressor's grip was ironclad. Who would dare-?

"No..."

At the sound of that familiar, aggravating voice, Kamoshida slowly started to turn his head.

It couldn't be... It wasn't possible!

He was suddenly met with the horrifying and cacophonous sound of metal clunking and
shrieking.

His knights. All of them...

Chests torn open, heads missing, run through with their own swords, raining down from
heights that they could never reach on their own.

They had all been defeated...no. Massacred…

His head turned a little more, his mind caught in a rising terror.

And eventually, his gaze was met, not by Takamaki, but by a pair of furious, grey eyes behind
a black and white domino mask.

"...You won't."

Chapter End Notes

I feel like this chapter was a little low quality. You should probably understand that I'm
going into this with the expectation that any readers will have knowledge of both
franchises which would allow me to gloss over certain situations. I wanted to be detailed
enough so that it doesn't seem lazy but not too detailed that it becomes redundant. I don't
wish to be a guy that submits an entire chapter based solely on dungeon crawling but I
feel that in this case, it's necessary for worldbuilding.



Chapter 4: Metaverse 101
Chapter Summary

I beat up a king, a cat is my teacher, and I learned about the Metaverse instead of
pythagoras theorem.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Swish...

 

Swish...

 

Swish...

The serene waves rolling upon the shore of the Okinawan beach had been his alarm clock for
several years now. To watch them wash against the borders of their little slice of home always
filled him with peace

And yet, all Kiryu Kazuma wished to do now was stay in bed.

The morning sun seeped through the curtains, casting a soft glow into his bedroom. Damn, he
should have closed the curtains last night...

The goateed man's eyes slowly opened, and he rubbed the sleep from them, his arm weighted
with sleeplessness.

With a groan, he shifted his body upwards. He had always been somewhat of a light sleeper,
but lately, his nights had become increasingly haunted by worry and confusion. All for a
simple reason.

He glanced at the calendar. 4/11

 

Three weeks since Akira had disappeared.

 

Three weeks they had failed to find him.



 

Three weeks of the void left by his absence growing with each passing day.

 

Morning Glory, one of the best things that had ever happened to him, had become sombre,
quiet. The absence of the orphanage's big brother figure was taking its toll on everyone. One
day he was there, and the next, he wasn't.

That night when Akira had failed to come home was the start of everything. Worry spread
through the dinner table like a virus, and it wasn't long before everyone realised that
something was wrong.

A day of searching the city turned up nothing for all of them. They searched arcades and
restaurants, pretty much any common teenage haunts, and came back with nothing. At the
end of the day, there was no doubt that Akira had gone missing.

Initially, Kiryu believed that there was no reason for Akira to suddenly drop off the face of
Okinawa, with no clues left behind and no leads to follow.

That was until, in a pooling of their findings, Riona had informed him that on the day of his
disappearance, she spotted Akira sitting outside Kiryu's room, eavesdropping. But if that was
true, the only thing that Akira could've possibly overheard before he disappeared was...

 

His conversation with Ayako...

 

The conversation where Ayako mentioned that Akira didn't belong at Morning Glory...

 

Shit.

 

Assuming that he ran off halfway through the conversation, he probably had the impression
that Ayako hated him, and yet, that was not true. The end of that conversation had the young
girl committed to making amends with Akira; to open up to him. A part that Akira didn't stick
around for, evidently.

Nobody could be blamed for thinking that Akira had just run away, heartbroken that his place
in Morning Glory was far from what he believed. Yet Kiryu didn't entertain that notion for
long. Akira was way too mature to do something so childish.

He couldn't say the same for Ayako though. The poor girl had been inconsolable when she
found out. She would hardly come out of her room nowadays, and anytime she did, she



looked miserable. She had said all of those mean things and now Akira was gone. She
believed that it was her fault that everyone's big brother was gone, no matter how much
Kiryu told her otherwise.

He couldn't let that lie. He wouldn't let his children agonize over something like that, just like
he wouldn't let Akira slip away from a home that he so desperately needed.

His first breakthrough was when he went to Akira's current high school on a hunch and was
informed that the teen had been expelled, due to a criminal record and arrested. That had
immediately set off alarm bells in his head. Expelled? Criminal record? How!?

Eagerly following the first real lead that he had, Kiryu had dropped by the Okinawa Police
Station and immediately questioned the reception, asking for Akira by name. But what he got
for his troubles was no less troubling. That being a shake of their heads and some legal jargon
that said they couldn't divulge incident details with unaffiliated parties.

Unaffiliated parties? He was Akira's goddamn caretaker! He was the first one that should
have been called when Akira had been arrested!

And yet, even though he definitely remembered registering Akira as a resident of Morning
Glory, he had been told that the youth he described had been living alone while his parents
were abroad. Of course, that was completely untrue, but the fact remained that somehow, in
some way, Akira's records had been altered.

Questions upon questions layered themselves in Kiryu's head and he had no solid answers for
any of them. He thought about pressuring the police to learn something, but that would just
get himself and Morning Glory in...

 

...in a lot of trouble...

 

Had Akira somehow changed his own records in an attempt to protect Morning Glory from
the consequences of his crime? And if he had, then how serious was the crime?

To be perfectly honest, a lawsuit aimed at Morning Glory would likely be ruinous for them.
They weren't exactly far from being in the red, and Kiryu admittedly didn't do too great a job
in keeping that a secret.

In recent months, it had gotten so bad that some of the children in Morning Glory were
considering finding some form of employment to support the orphanage, instead of attending
school and pursuing their passions. If Akira had placed the burdens of that incident on the
shoulders of Morning Glory, it would undoubtedly be their downfall, and he would never be
able to forgive himself.

So Akira had managed to take those burdens, the lawsuit and the ensuing stigma, and run
away with them, keeping them from harming Morning Glory.



Of course that didn't sit right with Kiryu. One of his children had been forced to make a cruel
decision to keep his family safe. No one to save him. Fighting a battle with no one to lend
their aid.

And that led Kiryu to his current dilemma. If he pressed any official sources to try and track
down the teen, then whatever Akira had done would go down the drain, and Morning Glory
would come under fire.

He couldn't just let Akira suffer in god knows where, and yet, all any further digging would
do was put them in jeopardy. What Akira had done, how he'd done it and where he was now,
he had no way of knowing any of that.

 

Should we even try to dig up the truth when Akira had tried so hard to bury it?

 

With no viable solutions, Kiryu had endured several restless nights, with no answer having
come to him.

Although come to think of it, he did drift off to sleep rather easily last night, but that in turn
came with a strange dream.

A vivid memory played in his mind's eye: wandering through an abyss of darkness, following
the light of a mesmerizing blue butterfly.

In that ethereal realm, he had caught a glimpse of Akira, his face etched with distress, his
body battered and bruised. And he was wearing glasses. Why was he wearing glasses?

They had exchanged words, their conversation a phantom echo in Kiryu's memory, elusive
and intangible. It was after making a promise to the teen, to find him no matter what, that
Akira faded away. Kiryu had some strange, terrifying and distressing dreams in his life, but
that dream had felt eerily real.

It was while he was pondering the nature of that weird dream that there was a knock at his
door.

Kiryu's gaze drifted towards the source of the sound, only to be met by the sight of Haruka
poking her head through the gap. Her waking him up was nothing new, but for some reason,
there was a strange look in her eyes today.

"Uncle Kaz," Haruka called to him softly. "There's someone here to see you. She says she has
an appointment?"

Kiryu sighed, pushing himself up from his bed. Now that he thought about it, he did have an
appointment scheduled for today. It was a rather important one too, and he'd almost slept
through it.

He spared a small, tired smile for Haruka.



"Thank you, Haruka," Kiryu murmured, his voice carrying a hint of tiredness. "I'll be dressed
in a minute. Please show her in and prepare some tea."

With a nod, Haruka disappeared from the doorway, leaving Kiryu alone with his thoughts
once more. Not for too long though. He didn't want to keep his guest waiting after all.

After getting out of bed, slipping into his usual hawaiian shirt and making himself look
somewhat presentable, he headed to the dining room.

Once he arrived, he saw Haruka tending to a mature-looking woman. White coat, short brown
hair, black skirt and a serious expression that probably would have had some yakuza crossing
the street to avoid her.

Everything about this woman screamed "business," or "don't mess with me," and Kiryu
wasn't too sure if he was in any condition to be dealing with someone like her.

As Haruka filled the woman's cup with some simple green tea, the lady's gaze drifted to meet
his own.

"Ah, Kazuma Kiryu, I presume?" The woman asked. She quickly procured a business card
and placed it on the table. "Mirei Park of Dyna Chair Talent Agency. Why don't you take a
seat? We've much to discuss..."

Yeah, Kiryu wasn't looking forward to this meeting at all.

The room was silent as a grave.

There were no accurate words to describe how everyone was feeling after watching that
display. The stupor in the air was palpable.

And could anyone be blamed for that? They had just watched a young man erupt into blue
flames and then singlehandedly defeat dozens of knights in an instant.

And now that man was gripping the wrist of a rapidly paling king.

"Y-You...what the h-hell...?" Kamoshida stuttered. How was this even possible!? This kid
had been on death's door not a few minutes ago, and now he pulls the same power as the
Sakamoto peasant and took out an entire squad of knights in the literal blink of an eye?

He was expecting a power upgrade; that's what happened with Sakamoto after all, but
this...this was almost completely different! It was like comparing the Earth to the moon.

Gone were the wounds he inflicted, and gone was that ravaged uniform. In their place was a
black and white domino mask and an outfit that had a similar feel to Sakamoto's.

His outfit consisted of mostly black gentlemen's garb with a high collar and low coattails,
split into three, tossed over a grey waistcoat. With black pants and dark, pointy, steel-lined
shoes, he could almost be described as a shadow. But the comparison stopped with his
gloves.



They were a deep crimson red and didn't appear as sleek as the rest of his attire. They fit him
perfectly, but they were just a bit thicker than normal gloves, like motorcycle gloves. Metal
inlets lined his knuckles and fingers, likely to give his punches more power.

But the most eye-catching details of his new attire weren't the gloves or the mask.

It was the pure white embroidery that had been sewn into the outfit's back. It covered the
entire expanse with a single, intimidating design.

 

That of a dragon.

 

A nobori-ryu style dragon to be precise. A divine, serpentine figure soaring skywards to
pierce the heavens. A being with inexplicable power...

 

Now in the hands of the mortal boy who dared wield it.

 

It was contradictory to have something so bold embroidered onto something that was
supposed to be suave. And yet Akira felt so right wearing it.

The sheer power rolling off of the young man would render even the most hardened of people
speechless, to say nothing of the two teens, one king and a cat.

With his confidence completely shattered after Akira's display, Kamoshida frantically tried to
wrench his arm away from Akira. "L-Let go! Dammit, let go!" He snarled.

He may as well have been ensnared by a statue. Akira's grip didn't budge at all.

The teen said nothing in reply. He didn't have words to give for the scumbag in his grip.
Instead, he turned his head to Ann, who was on the floor, staring up at him. She looked
confused, stunned even. But there was no mistaking her relief now that she was out of
Kamoshida's clutches.

"Takamaki, go back to Morgana and Sakamoto." He ordered. "You don't want to be close by
when I turn this bastard inside out..." He told her in a low voice.

Ann found herself doubtless that Akira could do so, and so she managed to scramble to her
feet. She then proceeded to back away from the evil king and the masked teen.

"T-Turn me inside out...?!" Kamoshida squeaked. He completely believed that if he didn't
get free, the would indeed be facing that.

Desperately, he wound his free arm back and punched Akira in the back of the head.



 

To his horror, the kid didn't even move.

 

"You just keep digging yourself deeper and deeper, don't you?" Akira turned back to him,
fury in his eyes. "That's fine, I wasn't planning on pulling my punches anyway..."

"Y-You...you can't do this...! I'm the ki--OMMMMPFF!!"

The next thing he knew, Kamoshida felt a crushing pain in his gut, and black blood flew from
his mouth. Black blood was a detail that Akira would initially question but right now he was
too pissed off to wonder how that was possible. He just reasoned that black blood was fitting
for a person with a black heart.

The strike winded the king beyond description, folding into a 90 degree angle. The pain had
him grasping his gut as if he'd just been stabbed. And yet, without pause, Akira lifted his leg
high into the air and brought it down hard on the king's head, slamming him down on the
floor.

The piddly little crown atop the scumbag's head went flying across the room, clanking as it
bounced away.

 

"Essence of Continuous Slams..."

 

Kamoshida didn't even have the chance to reach for it before his unkempt hair was grabbed.
His head was lifted up and then harshly brought down again, shattering the floor tiles.

The king gasped in pain, and yet he couldn't even collect himself before his head was
slammed again.

 

And again...

 

And again...

 

And again...

 



Even when there were audible cracks and the man's pathetic flailing started to dwindle, Akira
didn't stop. Even when a thin puddle of black appeared under the king's head, Akira didn't
stop. And only when the man started to whimper in agony did Akira's slamming cease...

Only to be replaced by a harsh, kick to his face, with his steel-toed shoes. The impact caused
Kamoshida to spin in place on the floor while also knocking out a few of his teeth.

Overwhelmed with pain and fear at this point, Kamoshida could barely move. This kid had
gone from being a stain on the floor to a force of nature. If only he could enter his Asmodeus
form...!

Delusions of doing so left him as Akira mounted the broken king and painfully dug his knees
into his back. And then he grabbed his right arm.

"You know, you took away Sakamoto's ability to run for shits and giggles, right?" Akira
asked as he pulled the king's arm up behind his back before he started bending it the wrong
way.

"...To be honest, I can't think of a greater irony than having the same kind of thing happen to
you!"

"Ah! Wauuit! Waauuuiii--!!"

 

SNAP

 

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGHHH!!"

 

Akira's silent yet brutal strength had no difficulties in snapping Kamoshida's arm in two. Not
even a small break. As sickening as it was, Akira pulled and pulled until it was bent all the
way down to the elbow, in a state that looked like a mistreated action figure.

The man's face was now covered in a mix of black blood, tears and snot. The face of a
coward that, until now, had gone unopposed, finally finding out that he wasn't as big a fish as
he thought.

He was beaten. There was no point in sticking around anymore. Honestly, Akira was half
tempted to just run his fist through the king's prick face and hoped he vanished like those
knights did, but something told him going that far would be different to the knights. So he
refrained.

"You'd better pray that we don't ever meet again. Unless you want me to make what I did
today look like a playground scuffle." Akira hissed. He wasn't sure if the man actually heard
him but he got his point across either way.



He got up from the king, letting the man snivel and whimper, cradling his broken arm. He
then jumped over the balcony, forgoing the stairs in exchange for a landing that was seeping
with power.

He raised his head and glanced at his allies, who admittedly looked a little uncomfortable. He
didn't blame them. He hadn't exactly been subtle. Or merciful.

Yet the awed looks did make him feel pretty good about himself. He let out a sigh.

 

Everyone was safe.

 

"Sorry you had to see that," Akira told the trio.

"Uh...it's...alright, dude?" The skull-masked blonde replied.

Akira nodded and ran his hand through his frizzy hair. Today had been a long day, and it was
only going to get longer. They were incredibly, incredibly late for school, and they wouldn't
have any time to process any of this. But that was a matter that could be dealt with later.
Right now, it was time to finally leave this godforsaken castle.

As he walked towards the front door, he gestured for the others to follow, which they did with
various expressions of relief. They had been backed into a corner, wounded, and
outnumbered, but today, they walked away victors.

"S-So...argh..." Ryuji grunted as he was pulled along by Ann. "You got a Persona thingy too,
huh?" He asked.

"Seems like it," Akira answered. "Hurt like hell though."

"Dude, I know! Felt like my brain was being boiled!" Ryuji replied.

Morgana looked up at the group. He couldn't believe that he'd found not one, but two Persona
users, in the same day no less!

 

He could work with this...

 

"S-So um..." Ann spoke up. "Who'd you roll?" She asked.

"Pardon?" Akira replied.

"You know... Morgana's got Zorro. And Ryuji's got the Captain guy. So, what about you?"
She pressed.



"Dude, this ain't some kind of gacha game..." Ryuji commented with a shake of his head.

Akira took a moment to close his eyes, and for an instant, something rose up within him, as if
from the depths of his soul. A chortle of malefic laughter. It brought a small smile to his face,
despite its sinister nature. He felt comforted by the presence.

"So, who is it?" Ann asked once more.

Akira was silent for a second, and he looked up at the front door. He took a small breath,
reared his foot back and rammed it into them.

With a deafening crash, the previously locked doors were flung open. They both probably
weighed a ton, and yet Akira's strike busted it open as if it were a regular door. Morgana,
Ryuji and Ann were completely stunned at the display. Morgana himself believed that they
would have needed to double back and try another exit, but Akira evidently wanted out of
here now.

As the massive doors slammed open and revealed the outside world, Akira turned to look at
the group before him with a satisfied smile.

 

"Arsène Lupin, the Pillager of Twilight."

The alleyway was a welcome sight, and once the group of teens scrambled through it, their
ears were blessed with the sounds of traffic, people chatting and whatever the electronic
advertisements were peddling.

As they sprung out into the long-since dried street, it became quickly apparent that some
things had changed.

For one, Akira and Ryuji's clothes had changed back to their normal school uniforms.
Additionally, the damage that had been done to both their clothes and their bodies had been
undone, as if it had never happened. And yet, both of them felt completely exhausted.

The sky had returned to a normal blue, and people were wandering about without a care in
the world, completely oblivious to the unbelievable events that had happened to the youths.

"We're..back...?" Ryuji whispered. He staggered on his feet and leaned himself up against a
wall.

"Oh thank God!" Ann gasped, immediately falling to her knees. They had been through so
much in the past couple of hours, so once they were safe, all that tension was released in one
go.

Akira then felt a small buzz in his pocket and dug inside to pull out his phone. Curiously, the
screen was once again taken up by that red and black eyeball.

 



"You have returned to the real world. Welcome back."

 

Returned to the real world? The hell did that mean?

"This is...the real world...?" A familiar, high-pitched voice spoke from behind them.

That was... Morgana's voice, wasn't it? But in the populated streets, something like a bipedal
feline that looked like it was ripped from an anime would doubtlessly draw heads.

In a fluster, the trio turned to hide the presumed monster cat...

Only to find an ordinary black and white cat staring out from the alleyway with curious,
bright blue eyes. They were confused.

"Eh...? For a second there, I could've sworn I heard Mangora..." Ryuji muttered.

The cat's back suddenly arched and its expression turned angry. "My name is MORGANA!
Get it right, you moron!" The cat cried.

 

Cried...

 

With a voice that was no less human than their own.

 

For a few seconds, the teens stared at the cat hard enough to make his fur bristle. "Wh-
What...?" He asked defensively.

"I...don't know if it's 'cuz I'm tired as shit, or something...but is anyone else...?" Ryuji looked
to the other two.

"Yep," Akira answered.

"Th-The cat's talking..." Ann whispered, eyes wide in disbelief. It was a look shared by the
guys too.

Because holy fuck, a cat was talking to them! They thought the weird stuff would stop as
soon as they left the castle!

"I'm not a cat!" Morgana insisted. "I didn't have time to explain this before, but I somehow
lost my original form. I may be in the body of a cat, but I'm not one!" Morgana explained.

"W-Well, whatever it is, it's creepy, not to mention not normal for a cat to speak. Don't go
talkin' willy-nilly when there are other people around!" Ryuji frantically pointed to the exit of
the alleyway where people were walking past.



A man and woman took that moment to walk past the alleyway.

"Is that a cat I hear...?" The woman asked.

"Urgh, the amount of stray cats nowadays. Can't walk past any alleyway without hearing their
stupid meowing."

The statement, mean-spirited as it was, brought with it a certain important detail. They heard
meowing? But Morgana was speaking like a person.

 

Unless...

 

"Meowing? Wait, does that mean that we can understand you, but others can't?" Ryuji asked.
Akira and Ann had reached a similar conclusion

"Seems so." Akira chimed in. "We're some kind of cat-whispering super trio now." He sighed
and rested his head against the wall. "Anyway, Morgana?"

"Yeah?"

"I'm sure that you probably have better things to do than tell us exactly what we just
experienced, but I feel like we need some answers. Like, now."

"Yeah!" Ryuji piped up. "Like what the hell was going on with that castle, and Kamoshida,
and us!? Our Personas? Gah, I have so many questions!" He groaned.

"Well..."

"And could it be the short version, please? We have to get to school soon." Akira interrupted.

"Shit, man...school? Ah, I'm so tired. I just wanna go home and crash. It'll be miserable!"
Ryuji moaned at the reminder

"If there's a Poppo on the way, we can grab a Staminan X or something," Akira suggested.

"Huh? Those energy drinks? They're so expensive!" Ryuji objected.

"They work, though. You buy it, and we can split it between us." Akira replied.

"Eh, why do I gotta buy it?" The blond asked with an offended look on his face.

"Because I'm broke, because I saved your asses in that castle, and because I won't stop calling
you 'Princess Ryuji' if you don't," Akira answered in a deadpan voice.

"Wh-Huh...!? You...! Argh, fine! But you better pay me back!" Ryuji spluttered before he
bitterly pulled his wallet out of his pocket and began to gauge his allowance.



"Do you guys want an explanation or not!?" Morgana shouted. They had the gall to request
an explanation and then not listen to him?

"Ah, sorry!" Akira yelped. It was a weird sight to see a cat visibly angry as if it had a human
face.

The trio leaned forward and listened as the cat began to speak.

Even though they had asked for the short version, Morgana's explanation had taken over five
minutes. It was sort of a mishmash of terminologies, but Akira could somewhat process it.

As he understood, he, Ryuji and Ann somehow ended up in a place called the Metaverse, an
alternate reality running parallel to their own. It was a world based on cognition. When
somebody in the real world developed "distorted desires," there was a chance that they could
develop a 'Palace', a stronghold of their subconscious will and things that they'd rather keep
secret.

The Palace would usually superimpose itself over a location the individual believed they had
authority over, and would be moulded by how that individual saw that location.

Beings known as Shadows were drawn to these Palaces, and took the form of what was most
appropriate for that Palace, such as the knights in the castle. But they could also enter a
stronger, more versatile form. These Shadows were dominated and controlled by the main
Shadow, a reflection of how the individual saw themselves. Kamoshida was a teacher in the
real world, but his reputation and freedom to do what he wished in reality caused him to
manifest his own Shadow in the form of a king.

The worlds were separate, but they were still connected. Something happening in the real
world could affect a related thing in the Metaverse if the individual was made aware of the
change. The world was again, based off of cognition.

And if someone just so happen to slip into a Palace, a Persona was how they would defend
themselves. They were a reflection of the person's inner rebel. A variable that the Palace
Ruler was unable to control. Normally, a Persona was the only way that one was able to fight
Shadows, and the clothes that they wore were like suits of armour to defend against the
Palace's dangers.

That was about as far as Morgana got before Ryuji gave a wail and cradled his head.

"Aaaargh! There's no way this is the short version! Everything you just told us is too frickin'
confusing! I'm not gonna be able to remember all of this!" He cried.

"Sakamoto! You're making a scene!" Ann hissed from her spot on the ground. People were
going to peer into the alleyway and see the display. It would be mortifying! Sure, this was
complicated, and she might need a second listen to comprehend everything, but Ryuji was
overreacting.

"I'm trying to make this as brief and as simple as possible! It's not my fault that your monkey
brain can't wrap your head around it!" Morgana huffed.



"What did you say, you little--?"

"Sakamoto, stop it. We didn't leave that castle so we could throw hands at each other. You
need to calm down." Akira stepped in, placing a hand on Ryuji's shoulder. He then looked at
Morgana with a displeased expression.

"And you, Morgana, not everyone catches up the same way. This is all pretty bizarre, but you
don't have to be mean when people don't get it right away." He told the cat.

"Well, you get it, don't you, Frizzy Hair?" Morgana asked, narrowing his eyes.

"Sorta?" Akira replied. "It's a little bit loaded, but I think I got the gist of it. Basically,
Kamoshida's Shadow, the castle and everything is a sadistic power fantasy of the real
Kamoshida, come to life in another dimension, right?"

"Uh, pretty much," Morgana replied.

"That makes a little more sense, I guess..." Ryuji admitted. "If anyone is deluded enough to
see the school like that, it'd be effin' Kamoshida."

"Good, now you get it! I mean, there are a lot of details being left out, but that's the general
basics of what you just experienced." Morgana said.

"So, all those knights I beat up, they should have been stronger?" Akira asked.

Morgana muttered something under his breath before he nodded. "They should have been
able to use the full scope of their abilities. They would have appeared as different creatures
with different abilities and resistances. Chances are that if they transformed, you could have
come across one that could totally negate your physical strikes. As knights though, they
weren't strong or weak against anything. By the time that you were truly recognised as a
threat, it was too late for them to transform." Morgana explained.

"I see," Akira replied. "And when I beat Shadow Kamoshida black and blue, that didn't have
any effect on the real Kamoshida? The real him wouldn't have any memory of what happened
in the palace?" He asked.

"Maybe he got a muscle spasm or something, but nothing serious. And no, people aren't privy
to what happens in the Metaverse, even if they have a Palace." Morgana answered.

Akira honestly didn't know if he was relieved or upset at that info.

"But what I wanna know is--"

"U-Um...guys? Fourth period's almost over. If we hang around any longer, we'll miss lunch."
Ann interrupted the cat. She held up her phone and showed a reminder in her Calender app
that said "Lunch" followed by several food and heart emojis.

"You have a reminder for lunch?" Ryuji asked.



"I...used to eat my food in between classes, and would have nothing left for lunch, so I started
leaving myself a reminder so I didn't eat everything I had," Ann admitted.

Hm, so Ann had an appetite, huh? Akira didn't expect that from her. She seemed to put in a
lot of effort in maintaining herself.

"Well then, we need to get moving." Akira reasoned. Being this late on his first day, he'd
make a terrible first impression...

Actually, Shadow Kamoshida mentioned something to the effect of spreading his criminal
record around, didn't he?

 

Shit.

 

"Oh right...uh, you gonna be okay, dude?" Ryuji asked. It was clear that he'd come to the
same conclusion. "I don't know if you heard after you got--"

"Yeah, I heard..." Akira sighed. He really couldn't catch a break. "How's...the rumour mill at
Shujin?"

Ryuji lowered his head and ruffled his fingers through his bleached hair. "Brutal." He
answered. "Rumours spread like wildfire there. When I came back after Kamoshida broke my
leg, everyone was sayin' that I was some kind of punk. And Takamaki... Right now, everyone
thinks that she's hooking up with Kamoshida."

"Hey! Don't say that out loud!" Ann hissed. She recoiled from those words like they
physically burned her.

"What? We know the truth, don't we? It was pretty clear in Kamoshida's Palace thingy." He
told her.

"Still..." Ann muttered before she buried her head into her knees.

Akira cursed under his breath. It seemed that Kamoshida had turned all three of their school
lives into an ordeal in one way or another, be it spreading rumours or the like. How had he
been allowed to go this far? They were students for goodness sake!

"Same goes for you too, man. Even if people say that you got a criminal record, we know that
you're actually pretty nice." Ryuji told Akira, patting him on the shoulder.

"I guess...thanks, Sakamoto." Akira sighed. There was some small solace in that fact, he
supposed. Still, the fact that the entirety of the student body would know of his unjust record
would weigh heavily on him.

"Hey, no problem. And you know what? Call me Ryuji. We've fought together in that Palace
thing, so I think we're past using those formalities. I'll call you Akira, yeah?" The blond



chattered enthusiastically.

That declaration took Akira by surprise. Ryuji's definition of fighting together aside, nobody
had ever had the chance to be close enough to Akira to use his first name, minus Morning
Glory, of course.

So...they were friends now? Huh? Well, Akira couldn't deny a warm, fuzzy feeling in his
chest when Ryuji so proudly said that. He thought that it maybe happened a little fast, but
near-death experiences did have a way of bringing people closer.

"You...You can call me Ann as well!" Ann suddenly spoke. "I-I hope we can get along,
Akira!" She made an attempt at a smile.

Ann too? That... he didn't expect that either, but...it was nice. Quite nice. "I-I got it. Ryuji and
Ann it is." Akira said with a nod.

"Well with that outta the way, let's get going then!" Ryuji proclaimed as he stumbled towards
the exit. "I really hope that this Staminan stuff works as well as you're making it out to be,
because dammit, I can barely move..." He sighed. He then looked to Ann, still sat on the
ground. "Hey, Ann--"

And that was when they realised that Ann was shaking. Her arms gripped her legs tightly, and
she was pressed against the alley wall like she was trying to burrow into it.

It was immediately obvious that something was wrong, and Akira was pretty sure he knew
what it was. After the experience that Ann had inside the Palace, he'd be surprised if she
came out the other side without some form of trauma.

"Hey, Ryuji? Why don't you find a Poppo and wait for us there? We'll catch up in a bit."
Akira asked the blond.

For his moments of obliviousness, Ryuji definitely knew that something was going on.
Something that he sure as hell wouldn't be able to assist with. He'd make himself more useful
by doing what Akira asked of him.

 

But still...

 

"You sure, dude?" He asked. And Akira nodded back.

After a moment of contemplation, Ryuji silently agreed. "Okay. I'll wait on you guys then..."
He replied, shuffling his way out of the alleyway.

"And watch out for truancy officers!" Akira called out to Ryuji. This day sucked enough
without the law getting on their asses.



Ryuji gave him a thumbs-up before finally disappearing around the corner. As his footsteps
slowly blended into the traffic, Akira turned his attention towards Ann, concern etched on his
face.

He walked up to the girl and started to sit down next to her. "Okay, Ann. Do you want to--"

Before he could sit down though, he noticed Ann flinch. For a moment, he was confused
until he remembered what Ann was likely going through.

She probably didn't want to be within reaching distance of any male.

"Sorry!" He apologized, relocating himself so he was a little ways down the alley. "I'll keep
my distance..." He assured the twintailed girl.

"Don't be," Ann assured Akira, her voice trembling slightly. "It's not your fault."

"Lady Ann..." Morgana whispered.

For about a minute, the guy, the girl and the cat sat there in silence. It was obvious what they
should talk about. But Ann... It was better if she made the first move.

"When...when we were in that castle," she started to say, "we all saw what Kamoshida saw
me as...we all heard what he wanted...t-to do to me..."

The horrific, mortifying fake of hers clinging clumsily onto Kamoshida. The way that they
made out with her just inches away, helpless to do anything...those petrifying memories
repeated over and over in her mind.

"I...I don't want to go there. I don't want to go to a place where that bastard has all the power
in the world. He comes onto me all the time whenever he sees me in the hall." She put on a
fake, deep voice. "Do you need a ride home, Takamaki-san?", "Do you want to eat lunch
together, Takamaki-san?" And now, knowing exactly how he sees me; what he wants with
me..."

 

The weight of Ann's unspoken words hung heavy in the air.

 

Silently, Akira listened, his eyes filled with empathy, as Ann described her situation in full.
The persistent advances, the suggestive comments, the unwelcome invitations—it was a
constant barrage that filled her with anxiety and fear. Now, with Kamoshida's true intentions
out in the open, those emotions were multiplied tenfold. Ann was trapped and she was
desperate.

"You're scared," Akira stated softly. "With every reason to be."

Tears welled up in Ann's eyes as she nodded. "I-I could just go home, right? Call in sick?"
She asked with a quiet voice. "I feel like I'm going to throw up anyway…"



Akira sighed, his gaze unwavering. "I wish that could fix your problem. But Kamoshida
won't go away just because you take a day or two off school."

The tremor in Ann's voice reflected her uncertainty. "Yeah, I know. But I... I don't know what
to do," she confessed, her voice tinged with helplessness. "All I want is for him to leave me
alone. I want him to forget about me... but…"

"He won't," Akira interrupted, his voice firm yet sympathetic. Dammit, if he wasn't on
probation, he'd march right up to the bastard and wring his neck with his own volleyball net.

But all it would take would be one report, and he'd be fully screwed. But barring that, he had
to do something. Ann needed guidance and safety.

"Ann, here's what I want you to do. As soon as the final bell rings, go to Class 2-D. That's my
assigned classroom. We'll get Ryuji in on this too. As long as you hang with us, we'll make
sure that Kamoshida can never get near you." He told her.

Morgana, who had been wordlessly observing the conversation, couldn't contain his fury any
longer. He leapt up, his voice laced with anger. "That's right! If that king bastard even tries to
get close to you, Lady Ann, I'll scratch his eyes out!"

Akira was taken aback by Morgana's sudden outburst. He turned to the cat, raising an
eyebrow in intrigue. "What? You want to tag along, Morgana?"

"You bet I do! The security level in the Palace is probably too high for me to return. So I may
as well hang around in this world and protect Lady Ann!" The cat declared. "There's also the
matter that--"

"Thanks Morgana... I'll be counting on you." Ann looked up to the feline and gave him a
gentle pet. Even though being around males was currently making her uncomfortable,
Morgana seemed to be an exception.

To no one's surprise, the cat immediately started to purr and mew under Ann's pets. It brought
a small smile to the girl's face.

People always did feel better in the presence of something furry and cute, after all.

Ann glanced up, looking somewhat relieved. "You said Class 2-D, right?" She asked. "That's
actually my class as well." She revealed.

"Oh, really? That makes this simple then." Akira replied. "I mean...simpler. You'd still be
hanging out with a known "criminal." He commented.

"If it means that you'll keep Kamoshida away, I can take a few more rumours," Ann said. Her
expression suddenly turned forlorn once again. "I'm sorry, by the way. You fought so hard for
us in that Palace, and now, I'm just asking more from you..."

Akira smirked and shook his head. "Do you hear me saying no?" He asked. "It's my choice to
help you out, Ann. No one should ever be in a situation like you are. I wouldn't be able to
sleep at night knowing I could have helped, but didn't." He told her.



He received a small giggle in response. "You...really are a nice person. All you've done ever
since I met you is help me out. I promise that I'll find some way to pay you back for this.
Do...you like crepes?" She asked.

"Crepes? I don't think I've ever had one of those before." Akira admitted.

"You haven't!?" Ann gasped, becoming significantly more animated. "Well, now I definitely
gotta treat you to one! I know this great place in Shibuya Central Street! It's got all kinds of
crepes! There's one filled with cream cheese and, served with raspberry sauce and an
awesome whipped cream! Oh! There's also a chocolate one filled with marshmallow fluff,
topped with whipped cream, sliced bananas and chocolate syrup~"

As Ann's eyes sparkled and a line of drool began to run from her lips, Akira reasoned that the
crepe offer was more for Ann than himself.

Well, however it was interpreted, at least Ann was looking a lot more cheerful now.

It was about five minutes later that the trio left the alleyway. Morgana, true to his word had
decided to tag along. Not subtly and deft, like a cat would normally be able to, no. He
decided to hitch a ride, nestled in Akira's bag.

It wasn't the preferable option, but they couldn't exactly walk down the street, nor show up at
school with a cat on hand. Plus, it wasn't like Akira was using his bag space for much else.
As long as Morgana behaved himself and didn't make a peep, things should be alright.

It only took a few minutes of walking down the street before they spotted Ryuji standing
outside a Poppo, which was good news. The bad news was that he was currently engaged
with two people that Akira had explicitly warned him about.

 

A pair of truancy officers.

 

Dammit Ryuji, you had one job!

 

They hadn't come up with an alibi yet! Not for school, and not for officers. They had to fix
that, fast!

Think! What would be a believable excuse for their extreme lateness to school?

 

"We were trapped in a castle ruled by our sadistic gym teacher."

 



Yeah, no.

 

"We got lost.”

 

With two veteran Shujin students? Unlikely.

 

"A black cat crossed our path so we had to go the long way."

 

Who did he think he was? Kakashi Hatake?

 

"Stomach ache."

 

...

 

"Ann, I know this is going to be a little difficult for you, but please give me your shoulder."

"H-Huh? Why?"

"We're gonna play the stomach ache card. That's our alibi."

"Stomach ache? O-Oh...yeah, okay! That works." Ann seemed to agree. She allowed Akira to
put his arm over her shoulders, with Akira making a conscious effort to not make any
motions to unsettle her.

They then approached the panicked-looking Ryuji and the stern-faced officers, at which
point, Akira put on his best impression of a dying man.

"O-Oooh...ngh...I don't think I'm gonna... gonna make it. Urp!" He moaned out loud. It
caused the officers and Ryuji to look at them.

"Dude!" Ryuji exclaimed in relief, though he was visibly confused as to why Akira was
moaning like a zombie.

"You...you two are from Shujin too, aren't you? You affiliated with this kid?" One of the
officers gestured to Ryuji. The other one didn't even wait for an answer before he took out a
notepad and began to write in it. "That's three of you cutting classes then."



He paused his writing once he took a look at Akira. "You...alright, son?"

"I-I...urk!" Akira covered his mouth with his free hand, as if he was going to barf.

"He...has a stomach ache, yeah!" Ann quickly spoke. "Ry-Ryuji and I have been trying to
help him since this morning. He can barely move, y'know?" Ann explained. She was a little
jittery, but the lie came out sounding somewhat believable.

Ryuji was puzzled for a second, but he put the pieces together quick enough. "Y-Yeah, and I
just came here to get some medicine for 'im. As I said, I was trying to help a friend out." He
said, holding up a plastic bag with something in it.

"I see..." The older-looking officer muttered. "Well, I appreciate that you wanted to help out a
classmate, but if he couldn't attend, then you should have just taken him home and called the
school." He told them.

"My fault... Thought it would pass. But, I n-need medicine now..." Akira told them while
breathing heavily.

"Mm." The cop took a moment to think. Well, I suppose that if you're that determined to go.
Just have your medicine and try to take it easy..." One of them eventually told the teens.

The other looked at the group seriously. "Still, it doesn't change the fact that, for all good
intentions, you kids are extremely late. Go straight to school from here, okay?" He told them.
"We'll let them know that you're coming. Try to ensure that this doesn't happen again."

With three silent nods, the officers retreated. Once they were gone, the trio gave a collective
sigh of relief.

"Man, good thing that you showed up when you did. Those guys were relentless." Ryuji
sighed.

"At least they let us off easy. We have Mister Drama Queen to thank for that." Ann looked at
Akira with a teasing tone in her voice. It was good to hear.

"Hey, I may not actually have a stomach ache, but I'm still exhausted. Don't kick a man while
he's down." Akira grunted. "Speaking of which..." He looked at the bag in Ryuji's hands.

"Yeah, I got it," Ryuji assured as he reached into the bag and took out a bottle of Staminan.
"I'll tell ya, this stuff does have some serious kick. I think I might actually survive school for
today, now." He said. "I've already drunk my half, so the rest is yours."

"Thanks," Akira replied gratefully. He took the bottle and opened it before tipping back and
gulping down the second half of the beverage. Once it was empty, Akira felt some energy
return to him. Yeah, that definitely felt better.

A furry head poked out from Akira's bag, and after taking a quick look around, glanced at the
three.



"Well, with that sorted, we should get to school. Waiting around isn't going to do us any
favours." Morgana told them.

"Huh!? The cat's coming?" Ryuji asked, shocked at the feline's presence.

"I'm not a cat!"

Akira shook his head wryly. "Morgana's right. Let's move."

A few minutes later, the group were standing out the front of Shujin Academy, now looking
more like the place Akira had been yesterday and less like the castle that they had been half-
expecting.

Ann and Ryuji had worked together to "drag" Akira to the academy. He put on as convincing
a show as he was able.

Once they arrived at the front steps, they were met by a man in a brown suit, who looked
cross with them. "There you are." He scowled at the trio. "The police called and told us that
three students were on our way here. Do any of you have an inkling as to how late you are?"

Ryuji tried to speak up. "Our friend here got a stomach ache on the way. He wasn't in any
condition to--"

"Yes, yes, we were informed of that. Altruistic as it is, if you insist on tending to a student in
the street long enough to skip most of the school day, then your judgement should seriously
be called into question." The man interrupted.

From there, it was basically just more of the same stuff that the officer told them. Dull as hell,
and far from the most pressing thing on their minds right now.

 

"What's going on here?"

 

Until, of course, he showed up.

 

Ryuji's eyes narrowed and teeth gnashed, while Ann trembled and slightly cowed into the boy
she was supporting.

Out of all people to greet them at the front gate...

 

Kamoshida.



 

No crown, robe or yellow eyes. Just an ordinary, yet extremely rotten man. With only a shirt,
pants and a stopwatch around his neck, he looked pretty unassuming. But the moment that he
saw the group, Akira could feel his distasteful gaze wash over them.

"Calm. Both of you." Akira hissed under his breath. Nothing good would come of either of
them freaking out.

"Ah, Mr. Kamoshida! I was just addressing these tardy students. As I understand, one of them
fell ill, while the other two tended to him." The man told the teacher.

"Is that so...?" Kamoshida glanced over the youths. He immediately recognised all three of
them. He stared at Ryuji like a turd on his shoe. He had ruined the boy's social life and
athletic career and somehow thought that he still had the right to hate the blonde.

Then there was the transfer student with the record. He had seen him earlier this morning in
well health. But that had clearly changed. Well, whatever. With his record leaked, a stomach
ache would be the least of his problems. He glanced past the boy, without even attempting to
look concerned.

 

Obviously, his attention rested on Ann.

 

"You know, Takamaki, you shouldn't let your kindness get in the way of your studies. Exams
are always so far away, until they aren't, after all." He told her with a disarming grin. "Maybe
after school today, you and I could have a private tutoring session?"

 

...

 

Less than half a minute. It took less than half a goddamn minute for the creep to try and put
the moves on Ann. And what was the fellow staff member whose job it was to nurture and
support students doing?

 

Running through the pastures and catching butterflies, of course! He was outright pretending
that he couldn't identify the innuendo in Kamoshida's offer!

 

God, this school was going to be a shithole.



 

"Th-Thanks for the offer, Kamoshida-sensei, but...I'll pass. I have...you know, a shoot that I
need to get to." Ann replied. She was clearly super uncomfortable, but she managed to keep
her head on and weave a lie.

"Aw, come on now, you're getting so many shifts lately. You gotta take a break every now and
then."

 

Study or take a break, which was it you pervert?!

 

"Hey, if she says she ain't available, then she ain't available!" Ryuji spoke up. His voice was
filled with barely suppressed venom.

"Ah, Sakamoto. I don't think it's any of your business to dictate Takamaki's schedule."
Kamoshida scoffed back.

"And it's yours!?" Ryuji shouted back.

"Hey! You watch your tone when speaking to Mr Kamoshida!" The other man grunted,
coming out of La-La Land specifically to scold the blond.

Ah, so, a minor being sexually accosted by someone way older than her was okay, but
defending a minor from being sexually accosted by someone way older than her warranted a
scolding?

What kind of unholy, ass-backwards, horseshit, two-sandwiches-short-of-a-picnic logic was
this school running on!?

God, Akira needed to get everyone out of this situation before he flew into Beast style and
fed Kamoshida his own scalp.

"C-Can we go in n-now, please? I...nnngh...w-wanna be close to a b-bathroom..." Akira
grumbled, his violent thoughts hiding beneath a sickly and fragile demeanour.

"Hm...oh, yes. Of course, sorry to keep you. But remember what I told you all." The suited
man told them. "Once the lunch period is over, go straight to your homerooms. As for you,"
the man looked at Akira. "You need to see Miss Kawakami in the faculty room before lunch
ends. And if you get any worse, come by the nurse's office." He told them, before turning
heel and leaving.

The man was probably less interested in Akira's well-being than he was in not getting puke in
the halls.

The trio started to shuffle up the stairs, with Kamoshida looking at them, emotionless.



"By the way," he spoke, staring straight at Akira, "you're the transfer student, right?"

"Mmn." Akira nodded his head in feigned disinterest when he was in fact paying attention to
anything that Kamoshida did. If he even breathed wrong...

To their relief, he just stood there and let them pass, though that didn't mean he was quiet.

"Be sure to keep your nose clean. One wrong step and you're expelled, got it?"

The clear threat that the man issued, not to mention the fact that he was pretending to not be
familiar with Akira's situation, had the hackles of both Ann and Ryuji raised. If one listened
closely, they could also hear the hissing of an irritated feline coming from Akira's bag.

Akira forced himself to be calm. Forced himself to stay stone-faced. Forced his nerves down.
Forced himself to think about anything other than the fact that he was about to walk into a
place where everyone believed that he was a criminal...

"Good luck trying to enjoy your new school life."

Akira's brow twitched.

His head turned, and his eyes stared into Kamoshida's.

"You too, Kamoshida-sensei."

"Hm?"

That phrase. It was the mother of all awkward partings. And yet, Akira said it with such
ferocity. Certainty. And if one were to read between the lines, they'd quickly understand why.

Akira was starting a new school life, that was true. But in that fact, so too would Kamoshida.

 

Winds that had blown north for so long were about to blow south.

 

Because Shujin had just taken in the young man who would lead the charge in bringing the
man's unopposed empire crashing down...

As expected, his first day at Shujin was awful. The moment that he entered, all he got were
terse looks. From students, from teachers, even the janitor gave him a wide berth.

Of course, Ann and Ryuji were given some strange looks too, carrying in a supposed criminal
on their shoulders, but they took those stares like champs. Then again, they were likely used
to them.



He had met Kawakami as soon as he was able, and while he got chewed out once again, at
least the woman went easier on him than the others did.

With an agreement to meet on the rooftop this afternoon to talk more about what went down,
the group finally parted, Ryuji leaving for his class while Akira and Ann made for theirs.

Not long after, he was introduced to his class, and that went just as well as the halls did.

 

"He's so late! On his first day too..."

"Didn't you hear? He was dragged to school by Takamaki and Sakamoto. They say he had a
stomach ache, but..."

"No way, are you saying he got into a fight before he arrived? What a loony!"

"Don't talk so loud! If he hears you, he might stab you!"

 

Akira fought the urge to roll his eyes and placed the disappointment in his fellow classmates
into a dark corner of his mind, alongside the hurt borne from the fact that his school life had
been tarnished before it had even begun. The rumour mill was indeed brutal.

 

He didn't know how, but he was going to make Kamoshida pay...

 

At least Ann was there, quietly trying to send support his way with concerned glances. That
made him feel a little better.

Other than that, it was general school stuff. Writing notes, asking questions, and looking out
the window like he was an anime protagonist. Behind Ann and against a window. There were
certainly less comforting seats.

Once things started to calm down, he could almost pretend that everything was normal. That
they didn't get trapped in a castle. That nobody here knew his name...

...That there wasn't a cat crammed into the space beneath his desk. Morgana was a stealthy
little thing. Even Akira had missed his transference, and he had been holding his bag most of
the time!

Other than that, there wasn't really anything that piqued his interest. Well, Kawakami was
visibly exhausted, and the kid who was on duty looked beat up, but that was it.

None of his business though, he already had enough on his plate...



"Alright. So, now that we're all here, what do we talk about?" Ryuji asked, slumping his body
over a cheap metal chair.

"Well, isn't it obvious? Morgana explained lots to us before, but I still feel like we've barely
scratched the surface." Ann muttered, sitting on her own chair.

After the final bell rang, the three teens and cat met on the rooftop of the school. Their
dialogue would allow them to sort through everything that they hadn't already gone over, as
well as give Kamoshida the slip so he didn't offer Ann a ride home too.

"W-Well, we don't gotta jump into that right away. Like, Akira! You're holding up okay,
right? We heard some of the shit that everyone was sayin' about you..." Ryuji looked to Akira,
who was leaning against some kind of unit. A/C or power, he didn't know. Or care.

"I'm fine, Ryuji. But let's not pretend that Kamoshida messing up my school life is a higher
priority than this Metaverse stuff," Akira replied.

Ryuji nodded in understanding. "Well, if you ever wanna talk about it..."

Akira offered a small appreciative smile in response. "Thanks."

Akira turned his attention to Morgana who was perched on a discarded table. "Now,
Morgana, you've told us a bit about the Metaverse already, but we have a few more questions
about it. Can you please field them?" He requested.

Morgana frowned a little. "Well, not that I'm unwilling, but are you sure? We did only escape
by the skin of our teeth, after all. I'd think that you'd normally want to distance yourself from
that," He replied.

"Trust me, we'd be more than happy to never go to a place like that again. But if it does
happen again, I'd appreciate being more prepared, and right now, you're the only one who can
help us with that, Morgana." Akira lowered his head in a slight bow.

Morgana let out a sigh before a smile appeared on his furry face. "Well, when you put it like
that, I suppose I could spare a few nuggets of wisdom."

"Aw, don't go acting all smug. You'd still be locked up if it weren't for us, you know." Ryuji
couldn't help but interject.

Akira gave Ryuji a small flick on the ear, causing the boy to yelp. "Hey, Ryuji. No picking on
Morgana." He scolded.

Akira then shifted the focus back to their main concern, asking the question that had been
lingering in all of their minds. "Now, my first question is: how did we even end up in that
other world to begin with? We went through the alleyway and ended up at the castle, but the
long way and the alleyway led to the same place."

"And I take that alleyway to school every day! Nothin' weird happened until today." Ryuji
added.



Morgana closed his eyes for a moment before opening them in uncertainty. "Well... Without
being there at that moment, I can't really say. For me, slipping in and out of Palaces feels
natural. I just got to think, and I'm there. For as long as I can remember, I've been jumping
between

Palaces. Today was actually the first time that I've seen the real world."

Akira's brows furrowed. The first time he'd seen the real world. And...he was consistently
jumping into these dangerous Palaces. Hell, plural? As in there were enough that the cat
could almost bounce between them?

"And, how long have you been jumping between Palaces?" He asked.

Morgana's voice wavered slightly. "Um...Be-Beyond a few weeks ago? I...I don't actually
remember. You see, embarrassing as it is to say this...I've actually lost my memory..."

Ann's eyes widened in surprise, her hand instinctively reaching up to her mouth. "Wait,
you've got amnesia? But then...how do you even know Metaverse stuff to begin with?"

Morgana's uncertainty was evident as he struggled to find an explanation. "I don't know. I
just...know."

Ryuji shook his head "Suuuuuuper helpful." He muttered with his voice full of sarcasm.

Ann shot Ryuji a reproachful look. "Ryuji!" She grunted.

Morgana's grumbled a little, but forced himself back on track. "Look, don't worry about me
right now. We got to figure out how you guys fell into the Metaverse. Since you had no
knowledge of it, you obviously couldn't have slipped in like I can. Can any of you remember
anything strange or weird that happened before you went into the alleyway?"

"Besides Kamoshida offering me a ride? Not really." Ann answered.

"I didn't notice anything either, but I did get there late..." Ryuji added.

They then looked to Akira, who had a serious look on his face. "What about you dude? You
look like you've got an idea." Ryuji said.

Akira closed his eyes as he wound his memory back to that moment, filtering out anything
that was irrelevant or seemed normal.

It didn't take him too long before he eventually arrived at a single conclusion:

 

That red and black application that he had been looking at while he waited with Ann.

 



He wasn't too sure if he was overanalysing what could have been a completely normal
function, but he had to check. Slowly, he dug into his pocket and withdrew his smartphone,
then he located the app.

"Does this icon look familiar to either of you?" Akira asked. "I got this phone only a little
while ago and this has been on it ever since. Is it a default app or something?"

Ann and Ryuji crowded around Akira to look, but it was easy to see that neither of them
recognised it.

"Creepy looking eye," Ryuji commented bluntly.

"The... 'MetaNav'?" Ann hummed at the app's name. "It's definitely not a default app, I can
tell you that much. But what does it have to do with anything?" She asked.

"The thing is, before any of that weird stuff happened, it activated on its own," Akira
mentioned as he tapped on the app, causing a simple interface to open.

It looked similar to the map application, but with one key difference. There was a tab that
was labelled 'Keywords' and in another tab, there was an option for 'Navigation History'

Following the trail of breadcrumbs, Akira tapped on the history section, and his eyes
immediately widened as soon as he saw what was on there.

"What!? What is it?!" Ryuji asked with unrestrained interest. Akira looked for a few moments
more before he flipped his phone over to show what was there.

 

An entry with three words on it.

 

Kamoshida.

Shujin.

Castle.

 

They seemed like keywords. And the thing about them was that Akira definitely remembered
that each of them were uttered at least once before they entered into the Metaverse.

These words contained significance that couldn't be ignored. A castle superimposed onto
Shujin by Kamoshida. Any doubts that this app has something to do with this were fading
fast.

Was his phone, or more specifically, that app, the reason that they were dragged into that
world?



Come to think of it, his phone had said something along the lines of "returning to the real
world..."

"I'm not too familiar with smartphones, but I'm guessing that they don't normally act as keys
for doorways to alternate dimensions using words relating to them?" Akira asked.

 

Both Ann and Ryuji shook their heads, still staring at the screen in shock.

"So, what does this mean? This app thingy took us to that world...? What kind of supernatural
sci-fi shit is this...?" Ryuji moaned. "And more importantly, how did something like that end
up on your phone?"

"Beats me. It came like that." Akira muttered.

"So, you're saying that your phone was the reason that you entered the Metaverse?" Morgana
asked. "That not only did it allow you to just walk in, but also pulled in others as well?"

"It sounds crazy, I know. But ever since we stepped into that world, nothing has been
normal." Akira sighed.

"G-Guys..."

Everybody looked to Ann, who suddenly seemed quite disturbed.

"Lady Ann?" Morgana prodded.

"I was just about to go into the app store to see if I could find the MetaNav app, and..."

The blonde turned her phone around to show everyone the glaring black and red icon on her
screen nestled among her other apps.

"It was already there...?" Akira whispered in alarm.

"I-I know that I didn't download it, it looks shady as hell!!" Ann exclaimed.

"Ryuji!" Akira barked. "Quick, check your phone!"

Ryuji was already digging into his pocket, and he frantically unlocked it. It took only a few
seconds for a shocked expression to cross his face.

"It's on mine too!" He announced, showing the group. Everyone here had the app!

"Oh, this is creepy! Is this some kind of virus or something?" Ann groaned.

With tentative fingers, Ann and Ryuji tapped their respective apps, which opened into an
identical display to Akira's, all the way down to the Navigation History. The same three
words stared back at them.



"So...anyone who goes to the Metaverse, they get this app?" Ryuji asked. It sounded
plausible, but Akira shook his head.

"I don't think so. I got this phone a couple of days ago and the app was already on it. Today
was the first day that I went into the Metaverse with it.

"So then...how did it end up on our phones?" Ann asked.

"I don't know." Akira shook his head. "What I do know is that we shouldn't mess with it. If it
can pull us into the Metaverse at any given moment, then it's dangerous. Maybe we should
delete it..."

"No, wait!" Morgana suddenly cried out. Everyone looked at the cat with curious
expressions.

"Th-The app should only work if you enter the keywords in. It looks like you need a person's
name, a location, and what that person believes that location to be, probably in that order too.
It...wouldn't be that dangerous unless you were specifically looking for someone." The cat
explained.

"Morgana, you can't expect us to trust this thing. It practically activated on its own. If it
wasn't for our Personas, or me, we would have died in there!" Akira insisted.

"But..." The cat looked to the ground forlornly and muttered something that sounded like "my
plan..."

"Uh... I just tried to delete it...and it's not going away." Ryuji spoke up.

"What?" Ann and Akira gasped.

"I just tried to delete it, but it reappeared, like I didn't even touch it..." Ryuji replied with a
shaky voice.

Both Akira and Ann navigated to the app and attempted to delete theirs, but, just like Ryuji
said, it wasn't going away. This thing was getting more and more freaky...

Once they had confirmed what Ryuji said, the other two pocketed their phones once again.

"So, we can't actually get rid of the app then. Shit." Akira cursed. This weird app was
inexplicable, it was stubborn, and with how spontaneously that it showed up on their phones,
it was possible that it would simply show up on any replacement phones that they tried to use
as well.

"Alright then, new plan." Akira sighed. "Nobody touch the app until we figure out more
about it." He sighed before glancing at Morgana. "And you're sure that it won't activate
unintentionally, like before?"

"I'm pretty sure. You needed specific keywords to even get into the palace, and there may be
other factors too, like proximity, or even time of day. It should be fine to leave it alone...I
think." Morgana answered.



"Dude...that doesn't make me feel much better." Ryuji moaned, running a hand through his
blond hair.

"Well, it's the best we can do for now." Akira sighed. He shook his head and tried to refocus.
"So, to summarise, this app is what allowed us to enter the Metaverse. It can also jump onto
someone else's phone and can't be deleted. Also, the entry method is very specific, and we
were just unlucky this time. That sound right?" He asked.

"Yeah, I think that sums it up, but man...what a weird app," Ryuji muttered. Of that, nobody
had any objections.

"The app is only as weird as what it let us see. Honestly...to think Kamoshida sees this whole
place as a castle." Akira mused.

"That castle is the culmination of Kamoshida's experiences, knowledge and  overall authority
of the school." Morgana explained. "Everything in that place has an equivalent here, and vice
versa. You remember Kamoshida's Spike Attack?" Morgana asked.

"Don't think I'll ever forget..." Akira groaned. Even though there were no wounds remaining,
there was still some phantom pain left behind by those meteoric volleyballs.

"Er...sorry," Morgana apologised sheepishly. "A-As I was saying, his skill at volleyball in the
real world makes the strength of his spikes devastating in his eyes. They're outright deadly in
the Metaverse as a result." He said.

"Well, he is an Olympic athlete. Makes sense he thinks the world of his volleyball skills."
Ryuji grumbled.

"Right," Morgana nodded. "But that also works both ways. If, for example, Kamoshida
perceived something in this school as something that he doesn't have control over, the
cognition weakens and makes that place a safe spot."

"Erm...now you've lost me..." Ryuji informed. He looked to Akira his eyes asking for a
translation

"If I'm understanding right, you're saying that there are places in the school where Kamoshida
doesn't have control, and that makes it so there are places in the castle he doesn't have
control." Akira reviewed.

"Exactly! Think about it, a gym teacher wouldn't have as much power in the ordinary
classrooms, making their equivalents in the Palace safe spots. I call them 'Safe Rooms.'"
Morgana said.

"Oooooh, I get it now...I think." Ryuji said with a small grin. He then immediately frowned as
soon as he said that. "Wait, crap, now I'm starting to sound like Morgana."

"Hmpf! If only, maybe you'd catch up as fast as everyone else..."

"Um...Morgana." Ann's shaky voice suddenly rang out across the rooftop.



"What is it, Lady Ann?"

"If everything in the Palace has an equivalent in the real world..."

She raised her head, showing off a pale face.

 

"...what does that mean for the members of the volleyball team that we saw in there...?"

 

As soon as that question left Ann's mouth, Morgana grew noticeably uncomfortable and
refused to meet her gaze. The silence in that moment was a more damning answer than
anything. And as soon as Ann realised that, horror bled into her face.

"No..." she whispered.

"The members of the volleyball team... they're probably getting treatment not dissimilar to
what we saw in the Palace." The cat admitted, to the horror of the teens.

Beatings, insulting, pushing them to and past the point of exhaustion. That was torture, not
teaching! Dammit, how many students woke up dreading the day ahead because of
Kamoshida?

If possible, Ann's face had turned whiter. Actually, she looked sick.

"Ann...a-are you o--"

"Sorry I-I gotta go!" Ann stood up in a frenzy. The chair she sat on was knocked over with a
clunk.

"Ann?" Akira asked. What had gotten into her?

The blonde practically sprinted over to the rooftop entrance. Her phone held in her grip, and
she tapped away at the screen in a frenzy. Her expression was the very picture of panic.

"Ann! Hey, we ain't done talking yet!" Ryuji exclaimed, holding his hand out towards the
girl. That did make Ann pause for a moment, and she looked back while her hand reached for
the doorknob.

"S-Sorry everyone. I...I know that this is important, but I...I need to check out something.
Right now." She insisted. She tried to remain calm, but it was clear that the girl was growing
more impatient by the second.

What was so important about the volleyball team that it made Ann react like this?

"What about Kamoshida? He might not have left school yet." Akira spoke up with concern in
his voice.



That made Ann flinch, but she eventually looked at him with a tight smile. "We've been here
for a little while. I think gone home by now." She reasoned.

"I don't wanna chance that." Akira retorted firmly. "If he gets you alone..." Akira didn't need
to finish that sentence for it to be any less weighted.

"Then..." Ann bit her lip. "We could...we could exchange numbers. If I see Kamoshida, I'll
call you. And you can catch me up on whatever I missed!" She said.

Akira, Ryuji and Morgana didn't like the idea of Ann going off on her own, but the blonde
looked very anxious to leave. Forcing her to stay would probably do more harm than good.
Establishing contact between them wasn't a perfect solution, but it was a hell of a lot better
than nothing.

"Fine." Akira sighed. He took out his phone, with Ryuji doing the same, and they all
clustered together. After a bit of fidgeting on Akira's part, they all shared their contact
information between each other wirelessly.

"Thanks..." Ann sighed. "I promise we can talk more later, but for now I--"

"We got it. Go. Just call us if you run into trouble." Akira told her.

"Yeah. I will." Ann nodded graciously. Honestly though, there had to be a limit to how
protective a guy could be...

With no further interruptions, Ann opened the rooftop door and left through it in a hurry. She
almost threw herself down the stairs while she scrolled through the contact list in her phone.

She soon found the contact that she wanted, and with an apprehensive tap of the dial button,
she put the phone to her ear.

She got down to the last flight of stairs before the ringing ceased and the recipient picked up.

"Ann?"

"Shiho, we need to talk."

The two boys watched as Ann ran down the stairs like her pants were on fire. Both of them
had confused looks on their faces.

"What happened with her?" Ryuji questioned, and all he got in reply was a shrug from Akira.
There was leaving in a hurry, and then there was whatever Ann had going on. Whatever
happened must've been beyond urgent to her.

Akira looked at his phone and saw Ann's number in his contacts list and Ryuji's underneath
hers. "Well," he sighed as he pocketed the phone, "we've got her number. We can ask her
what happened later tonight." He assured the blond.



"This is actually good timing." Morgana suddenly piped up. "I wanted to discuss something
important with you two specifically." He told them.

"Us two? Not Ann?" Akira asked. That was strange, he'd thought the cat would be more than
willing to divulge anything to her, considering his obvious crush.

The cat shook his head. "Not Lady Ann, no. It'd be too dangerous for her."

"Dangerous?" Ryuji pressed.

For a few moments, Morgana was quiet, and then he stared at the boys with a deep blue gaze.
"When things settle down, I'm gonna go back into the Palace. And I want you two to come
with me."

"Eeeeh!?" Ryuji squawked. "You want us to go back into the Palace?! We almost died!"

"We just got done talking about the danger of this app, and now you want us to use it
intentionally?" Akira added, equally perturbed by Morgana's proposal.

"Wait! Hear me out! Hear me out!" Morgana cried. He couldn't lose them before his plan had
even started!

Akira crossed his arms. "That Palace is a cesspool of danger. What reason would we possibly
have to go back in?" He asked.

To this, Morgana's eyes narrowed. "Because if we pull off what I'm thinking about, we can
stop that bastard Kamoshida from torturing Lady Ann; stop him from doing all of his crooked
stuff!"

That certainly piqued the duo's interest.

"We can do that? How!?" Ryuji shouted before being harshly shushed by Akira. They didn't
need eavesdroppers.

Morgana smirked. "As we discussed, Kamoshida views the school as a castle, right? He's
built up this fantasy world in his head that's made real in the Metaverse. It's connected to the
depths of his heart and forged from distorted desires. Therefore if something drastic
happened to that castle, it would undoubtedly affect him in the real world. So...if we wanted
to stop him from doing scummy stuff, what would we have to do...?"

He looked at the two of them expectantly, hoping they could finish his train of thought.

"...A place made of distorted desires connected to Kamoshida in the real world..." Ryuji
muttered. "Urgh, can't you just tell us? This is important!" He grunted.

"Please, Morgana. This isn't time for a pop quiz." Akira insisted. If they could stop
Kamoshida's reign by using the Metaverse, it would be huge.

Morgana sighed. So much for that...



"We gotta bring that castle down. If distorted desires are what it's made of, then if it's gone
then--

"--the desires would go too!" Akira suddenly realised.

"Do you want me to explain or not?" Morgana muttered. "But yes, doing away with the
distorted desires would force Kamoshida to have a change of heart, but just because he'd turn
good doesn't mean his crimes would be erased. Being able to finally look at what he's done
through honest eyes would crush him with immeasurable guilt, and to make amends, he'd
confess everything he did. He'd probably cry a lot too." Morgana explained with a smug look.

"For real!?" Ryuji gasped. His face had taken on an elated expression. Akira was also quite
interested. The chance to take down Kamoshida in such a way was bordering on too
fantastical to be true, but if that was possible...

"That's why you wanted to speak with just the two of us," Akira stated. "We have Personas
now, so we're better equipped to go into the Palace than Ann is." He reasoned.

"Correct. That place is extremely dangerous for people without a Persona. To suggest this to
somebody without one would be the height of foolishness. Therefore, it's fortunate that both
of you awakened to one." Morgana said.

(Honestly, if Ryuji had been the only one to awaken to a Persona, then Morgana wasn't sure
he would have even brought this plan up...)

"What...what about evidence? There's no chance that our involvement would be picked up?"
Akira asked.

"That's the beauty of it!" Morgana continued. "There'll be no traces of our involvement at all.
There can't be any evidence left in a place that doesn't exist anymore, can there? As long as
we keep the Metaverse secret, there'll be no trace of our involvement in bringing Kamoshida
down~"

"But that whole thing was...that Palace is huge. How are we even supposed to get rid of it?"
Akira asked.

"You could always try punchin' it away," Ryuji suggested jokingly while giving Akira a
nudge. It seemed that he was in a good mood after hearing about this stuff.

Akira rolled his eyes. "Be serious, I don't have that kind of strength." He told them, though he
couldn't hide a small grin. "Geez, you fight a hundred knights and kick open a multi-ton door
and suddenly people think you can crush a castle." He sighed.

"As convenient as that would be..." Morgana chuckled, "what we need to do is steal the--"

At that moment, Morgana stopped talking, and he shook his head.

"Steal the...what? Morgana?" Akira asked.



"There is a catch to all of this that I haven't mentioned yet. It's a pretty big deal, so I want to
warn you about it before you agree to this..."

"Warn us about what...?" Ryuji asked, his jovial mood draining away.

"Even though the castle is made up of distorted desires, they're still desires. And desires are
what keep us alive. They tell us to eat when we're hungry, to sleep when we're tired. There's a
chance that...those desires could go as well." The cat admitted. "And if that happens,
Kamoshida would completely shut down. As in full-time care shut down. Death wouldn't be
off the table either."

"Wh-What!? He could die!?" Ryuji gasped, his face alight with horror. It was clear that he
was starting to have second thoughts.

 

Akira was silent.

 

"It's a risk, I'll admit, but just because it might happen doesn't mean it will." Morgana offered.

"C-Come on. I-I mean, Kamoshida's bad, don't get me wrong, but...shit man, I don't want
blood on my hands!"

"I just said that it's a possibility, it's not definitive! And even if it did happen, nobody would
know." Morgana repeated, looking somewhat irritable at the boy's hesitation.

"We'd know!" Ryuji retorted. "I don't care if it's just a chance. I don't want him to kill him! If
we went around doing secret stuff like that; playing with life, then we'd be no better than
Kamoshida!" Ryuji turned to Akira with wide eyes. "You think so too, right?" He asked.

If he was expecting an immediate agreement to his question, then he'd be disappointed. There
was a quiet conflict on Akira's face.

"D-Dude?" Ryuji asked.

Finally, Akira opened his eyes and looked at Morgana with a steely expression.

 

"Tell me what to do." He finally answered.

 

A strong silence quickly engulfed the rooftop, with Akira's declaration leaving no room for
misinterpretation.

It took a while before anyone was able to say anything.



"This ain't an effin' joke, Akira!" Ryuji grunted as he got up right in Akira's face. "You heard
the cat, he could die!" He told the frizzy-haired teen.

"I know full well." Akira spat solemnly. "But can you think of anything less that could bring
down Kamoshida? Your fellow students are suffering because of him. He believes that he can
do whatever he wants, and he pretty much can! Nothing less than drastic measures can stop
him now. You heard him in the Palace, even the police won't do anything!" He told Ryuji, his
voice grave.

Ryuji swallowed. Of course he knew that.

"W-Well, Ann knows some of the volleyball team, right? I was thinking that if we got all of
them to testify--"

"Do you honestly believe that'd work, Ryuji?" Akira interrupted the blond. "Anybody who
speaks up against him gets snuffed out by his influence. Everyone is too scared to speak up,
because what's their word against his? Hell, Ryuji, he broke your leg and turned you into the
school punk. Did speaking up fix the problem? Did anyone tell you that Kamoshida was in
the wrong?"

Ryuji backed off, now silent.

"No. They didn't." Akira answered for him. "That bastard has every student and teacher in the
palm of his hand. He's able to brutalize students with no consequences. He's able to sexually
accost Ann with no consequences. He was able to turn me into the fucking school pariah on
my first day here."

He stared down Ryuji with sharp, grey eyes.

"Deep down, I'm sure you already know Ryuji that conventional justice doesn't touch people
like Kamoshida. The time for anything like that happening passed the moment he was able to
get away with crippling you."

Akira realised that he was starting to get worked up, so he tried to calm down a little by
taking a deep breath. He walked over to one of the seats and sat down.

"You said that this'd make us no better than Kamoshida, didn't you?" He asked. "But standing
back and doing next to nothing isn't much better. If it's as you say and falling to Kamoshida's
level means that he can face true justice..."

Akira paused and looked up at the golden rays of afternoon sun shining through the clouds.

 

"Well...sometimes it takes one demon to knock another out of the sky."

 

"Akira..." Ryuji whispered.



 

Akira gave a small grunt. Not a minute after he sat down, he found himself standing back up,
his brows furrowed in an intense stare.

"Look, Ryuji...I am not undermining how serious this is. I can't just ask you to go along with
this considering it might kill Kamoshida... That's why I'm going to give you some time. To
think, I mean." Akira told the blond. "I'm set on this, even if it means that he might suffer a
mental shutdown, but just because I'm in on this doesn't mean you have to be," Akira said
lowly.

Ryuji was speechless, watching as Akira got to his feet.

"We're both exhausted from the Palace. I think that we should sleep on this, and talk about it
later. Sound good?" He asked.

"U-Uh...yeah..." Ryuji slowly nodded his head. "But...dude--"

Akira held up his hand to stop whatever it was that Ryuji was planning on saying.

"Don't worry. If your answer's still no by then, it's fine. I won't force you to change your mind
or anything." Akira assured Ryuji. "But every second that Kamoshida "teaches" at this
school, things will only get more and more difficult, for Ann, for you, for me, and everyone
else."

Akira thought back to that night when everything went wrong. To the night when he lost
everything because that bald bastard sat atop his ivory throne somewhere. Nobody should be
immune to consequences. Not people like him, or people like Kamoshida. It was utterly
despicable.

Akira would be lying if he said that anger towards that kind of arrogant power wasn't a large
part of why he was so driven to walk this path.

"Wait, Frizzy Hair!"

Akira looked to Morgana, who looked rather concerned. It was weird to see something like
that on a cat's face.

"The Palace might be too difficult with just the two of us. Heck, even with three, it wouldn't
be easy!" The cat informed.

Akira groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose. Yeah, that sounded about right.

"Firstly, it's Akira." He told the cat. If they were to work together, they needed to be on a
first-name basis.

"And secondly...if Ryuji decides not to come, then that's that. I'll do my best to pick up the
slack, and I'll listen to everything you say." He promised the cat. He tried to come off as
respectfully as he could. After all, without Morgana, he was outright blind to the workings of
the Metaverse.



The cat gave a small groan and circled a paw on the ground. Why did this have to be so
complicated? Why couldn't they both just say yes...?

Well, whatever. He'd take what he could get now, and hopefully, Blondie would come around.
"Fine..." The cat sighed with a clear reluctant tone in his voice.

He was met with a firm smile and a nod from the bespectacled boy. "Thanks, Morgana. I'll be
counting on you."

For some reason, Akira's declaration of trust made Morgana feel somewhat guilty, and he
didn't have to do too much soul-searching to realise why...

"I know that he saved our lives, but we don't have a choice. The only thing we can do
is...make sure he doesn't die for nothing."

Shit... He really didn't have a right to complain about Akira's way of doing things when he
was planning on leaving him to die in the Palace. At the time, it seemed like the most ideal
option, but with everyone out safe, and Akira actively deciding to place his trust in him... It
made guilt gnaw at the cat's heart.

It had been Akira who freed him, who had saved their lives; who was now willing to throw
himself into the jaws of death alongside Morgana in order to save people in the real world.
The least the cat could do was try not to be a jerk about it.

"Now, how about you talk me through this change of heart thing?" Akira suggested. "It
sounds like it's going to be difficult."

Morgana slowly nodded. That was indeed the case. Granted, he had never actually done it
himself, it was just something that he knew innately, like seeing a mountain in front of you
and knowing immediately that it would be a tough climb. Morgana had gotten Akira on
board, and that would have to be good enough for him. As for Ryuji, he would have to hope
that the teen came around eventually.

As Akira picked up his bag, he paused and looked at Morgana with a questioning look.

"Wait, come to think of it, do you have anywhere to stay?" Akira asked the cat. He received a
slight flinch in reply and Morgana awkwardly averted his gaze.

"A-About that..."

Akira sighed.

"Umpff! What a day..." Akira flopped onto his bed. The plastic crate supports creaked under
his weight and dug into his back, but he couldn't find it in himself to care. This day had been
an utter maelstrom of revelation, stress, panic and many other terms that Akira didn't care to
think about right now.

After leaving Ryuji to think about his options on the school rooftop, Akira started to make his
way home, with Morgana in tow. Unsurprisingly, Morgana didn't exactly have a place to live



and was left with few options.

At first, Akira was reluctant to allow the cat to stay at his place, because he was already
going to be in enough hot water when he came home, with his extreme lateness to his first
day of school. He really didn't want to push his luck by bringing home a stray cat on top of
all that.

Morgana did manage to talk him around though, saying that he wouldn't wander and wouldn't
even talk until Sojiro left for the night. Akira still had his concerns, but so long as they were
careful, having a smart little guy like Morgana hanging around wouldn't be a problem, at least
for now. But if Sojiro found him, Akira didn't know this cat, didn't know how he got in,
etcetera. Besides, Morgana would probably have to move on at some point anyway.

Of course, they ran into an issue almost immediately, that being that Morgana hadn't eaten in
ages. And of course, Akira had all of ¥217 to try and get him something to eat, not counting
his bath and laundry allowance, of course. Sojiro wouldn't let him starve, but Akira was
nowhere near stupid enough to try and sneak the cat curry. That was just asking for conflict.

Unfortunately, ¥217 didn't take him very far in options. Even the most affordable cans of cat
food were about ¥300, and he wasn't sure if Morgana, a supposed human, would want to eat
that stuff anyway. In the end, he had to go for a ¥200 onigiri. It wasn't ideal, but it'd have to
do.

Akira wasn't happy about having most of his funds siphoned off, but it wasn't very much to
begin with. He just needed to hope that he stumbled into a job as soon as possible, because he
clearly didn't have enough on his plate already.

But then, Morgana told him something that changed everything...

"You know, when you fight Shadows in the Metaverse, they drop stuff like money or items,
and if you manage to knock them down and hold them up, you can get even more money. I'll
teach you all about it when we go into the Palace next."

Now, Akira had grown beyond shaking down crooks for cash, but Morgana had made it clear
that the Shadows were not people. Being cruel or nice didn't really matter. Taking their
money or their items was an act with literally no consequence. Heck, even defeating them
outright would yield a small profit as well.

So, not only could he get stronger by constantly fighting these Shadows, he could earn
money too?

 

Money to support himself?

 

Money to properly fix up his room?

 



Money to pay that bullshit lawsuit?

 

Yeah, that sounded way more appealing to Akira than that job at the beef bowl place. It was a
simple fact that Akira enjoyed fighting. He enjoyed the adrenaline when a situation called for
his strength, and he enjoyed the calm that overcame him when he practised his moves. So
learning he could earn money by fighting it out in the Palace was one of the best things he
had heard since his incarceration.

Even though he was exhausted and had almost been killed there, the teen wanted nothing
more than to jump in and start tearing through the Palace.

The one divot in Akira's dream of financial stability built on the backs of Shadows was that
once Kamoshida's heart was stolen, and his Palace was gone, that avenue of earning money
would vanish too. But when he had moped about that to Morgana, he had simply winked at
him and told Akira to be patient and wait until they took care of Kamoshida. Then he'd show
Akira something really cool...

It was vague as hell, but with all the opportunities that Morgana had provided for Akira, he
could keep all the secrets he wished.

And stealing hearts, that was another matter altogether. According to the cat, their goal was to
make their way towards some treasure hidden in the depths of the Palace, a formless treasure
that was the core of their desires. They were to secure a route to the treasure and then
anonymously call Kamoshida out in the real world. Let him know that his desires were a
tangible thing that could be stolen.

That would, in turn, cause the treasure to materialise as something physical, something that
could be removed or destroyed. Without that, the Palace would disappear.

It sounded doable enough on paper, but the absolute gauntlet of things that they'd need to pull
off just felt overwhelming. Even out of the Metaverse, Akira still had normal things to worry
about, like school, and his curfew.

Speaking of situations at home, word of his faux stomachache reached Sojiro's ears, and
though he was disappointed with Akira's tardiness on day one, the fact that he had a
reasonable excuse to run with was thankfully enough to mitigate the damage.

 

"You see? This is what happens when you skip meals for two days, and then suddenly fill up.
Haah, I probably should have given you something lighter..."

 

He had said something to that effect. Akira was just relieved that he didn't get too much of a
scolding because he did not need a dressing down right now.



After everything that he went through today, the opportunity to rest was more than
appreciated.

"Crap..." he muttered, draping an arm over his eyes. He didn't know if the stress of everything
that he'd been through and the mountain of things that he had to think about were going to
keep him up, or if the exhaustion of today was going to knock him out.

 

What on earth had he gotten himself into?

 

He almost went to sleep right then and there, but the buzzing of his phone drew his attention.
He almost ignored it at first, but his newest roommate wasn't intent on letting that happen.

"Hm? Hey, Akira? I think somebody's texting you." Morgana said as he hopped up on the
bed.

"I'm aware..." Akira muttered. He didn't reach for the phone.

 

The phone buzzed again.

 

"Aren't you gonna see who it is?" The cat asked with a frown.

 

And again.

 

"Do I have to?" Akira whined. All he wanted to do was just lie here and process everything
that happened today. Or turn his spine into a pretzel by falling asleep in this position.

Morgana didn't reply, but he did give Akira a small frown.

 

Another buzz.

 

"Come on, don't look at me like that. I'm tired..." Akira said.

"It could be from Lady Ann! It's ungentlemanly to keep a girl waiting!"



The teen gave a small moan. Well, he supposed that checking in on Ann after her abrupt exit
from the roof earlier today wouldn't be a bad thing...

With an exaggerated grunt, he reached for his phone and looked at his notifications. He did
indeed have multiple unread messages, not only from Ann, but Ryuji too. He seemed to have
been added to a shared message group, formed by Ann. That was a good sign at least. Akira
scrolled to the top and began to read.

 

Ann: Hey guys! I set up this group so we'd be able to text each other. Did you both get this?

Ryuji: 'Sup. I got your message loud and clear.

Ann: Awesome! WBY about you, Akira?

Ann: Akira? Heelloooooo?

Ryuji: Think he's sleeping?

 

Akira was not going to admit that he had retreated to the internet app to see what 'WBY'
stood for before he made to reply.

 

Akira: I'm here

Ann: Ah! He's awake! Hi Akira!

Akira: Barely... I feel like I'm gonna drop dead any minute if I don't get some sleep. Oh, but
hi though.

Ryuji: Dude, I know! I could probably sleep for the rest of the week after today.

 

Akira took a moment to appreciate the novel concept of texting. Texting his friends... It was
pretty cool.

"Remember...don't tell Lady Ann about our plan," Morgana whispered. He got a tired
thumbs-up from Akira. Getting her involved without the power to rebel like he, Ryuji and
Morgana had was indeed dangerous. Best to leave her out of it.

 

Akira: And how are you, Ann? You get home okay? No problems?

 



There was a small silence before Ann responded.

 

Ann: Yeah, I got home safely.

Akira: That's good. Morgana and I are glad to hear it.

 

Akira looked to the cat, and they shared a mutual nod.

 

Ann: Wait? Morgana is with you?

Ryuji: Yeah, the cat had nowhere to live, so Akira had to take him in.

 

"He doesn't have to put it like that! It makes me sound pathetic Akira! Run damage control!"
Morgana cried.

"Keep it down." Akira pressed firmly down on the aggrieved cat's head. "Besides, it's not
untrue."

"St-Still..." Morgana whined.

Akira rolled his eyes and texted back.

 

Akira: Morgana has taught us a lot. Giving him a place to stay is the least I can do.

Ann: Aw, you're sweet, Akira.

Ryuji : Good luck. He's got a mouth on him.

 

"You've got a mouth on you!" The cat snarled at the text indignantly.

 

Akira: Morgana says hi Ryuji.

 

The cat gave a strangely cute pout.

 



Ann: Anyway. I set this group up so we could, you know, talk about stuff. What did you guys
get up to when I left?

 

To this, Akira had no answer. The whole infiltrating the Palace thing was not something for
Ann's ears. He had no idea how she'd react to it, but he guessed that she'd probably be as
rejecting of it as Ryuji was. Maybe even more.

He watched the cursor on his screen blink on and off, as his fingers hovered hesitantly over
the keypad. He didn't know what he should tell her.

Thankfully, Ryuji came in with the save.

 

Ryuji: We were talking about ways to take down Kamoshida. Knock that scumbag on his ass
and get him to face proper justice.

 

For a moment, no one responded on either end, until a solitary chat bubble from Ann
appeared

 

Ann: You really think that's possible?

Akira: Yeah! Listen, Akira and I have a plan to take down Kamoshida.

 

"We do?" Akira asked aloud with clear confusion. Neither of them had agreed on anything,
Ryuji to changing his heart, or Akira to gathering witness testimony. What was he on about?

 

Ryuji: But hey, it's already getting late, and I'm still wiped. We'll tell you at school tomorrow,
yeah?

Ann: What!? Come on, you can't say that and then leave me hanging! Akira, spill!

 

On the spot, and with no idea what to say Akira could only stare at the screen.

 

Ryuji: Hey, come on, lay off. Dude's probably more tired than I am.

Ann: Aw, you guys suck! (>_<*)



 

Akira felt that Ann wasn't actually that angry. You didn't use emoticons if you were in
emotional distress.

 

He would assume.

 

Ryuji: Anyway, we're going to sleep now. 'Night!

Ann: Goodnight, guys. I'll see you tomorrow.

Akira: Get some rest. We all need it. Morgana says goodnight too.

Akira: How do I cat emoticon?

Ryuji: LOL

Ann: LOL

 

Akira grunted. He still had a lot to learn about phones it seemed.

In any case, the conversation looked like it was over, so Akira put his phone down, looking
forward to finally getting some sleep.

However, a few minutes later, his phone buzzed again. Akira groaned. Now what was it?

Wearily, he pushed himself properly up onto the bed and glanced at the screen once more.
This time, it seemed to be a PM. From Ryuji.

 

Ryuji: Hey, you still up?

Akira: Nope.

Ryuji: You so are! Look, there's just something I wanted to say, before the night's over.

Akira: Can it wait? We're both exhausted, you said it yourself.

Ryuji: I know. I know. It'll be quick, I swear.

Akira: Is this about the "plan" that we had for tomorrow? Because I was just as surprised
that we had something as Ann was.

Ryuji: Yeah, it's about that...



Akira: Are you still set on trying to gather testimonies?

Ryuji: Yes, but hear me out! Please. I gotta say this before I go to sleep and then I lose it
forever!

 

Akira grumbled. He didn't want a repeat of this debate when all he wanted to do was conk
out. Still, Ryuji seemed so desperate to tell him something. Something Akira could feel was
important.

After a minute or so of a dotted box, Ryuji's response came through.

 

Ryuji: Look, you gave me a lot to think about this afternoon. You brought up a lot of points
that I couldn't argue against. With the kinda grip that Kamoshida has on everyone, maybe
changing his heart is the only thing we can do.

 

Akira's eyebrows raised as he read Ryuji's response. Did that mean...?

 

Ryuji: But still, I want to try bringing together the people who have suffered because of
Kamoshida. I still want him to be brought to justice, the right way.

 

Akira sighed in disappointment. So, ultimately, nothing had changed. He was seconds away
from just telling Ryuji to go to sleep...

 

Ryuji: And, if that fails...

 

"Hm?" Akira paid a bit more attention to the screen.

 

Ryuji: We'll go with your plan. And change his heart.

Akira: A compromise?

Ryuji: Yeah, we try my plan first, and if it doesn't work, then we try yours. That's fair, isn't it?

Ryuji: It's just, I've known you for only a day, man and this might sound weird as hell, but I
just have the feeling that you're at your best when you're doing the right thing.



Akira: Dude, come on. Like you said, you've only known me for one day. How could you
possibly know that?

Ryuji: I told you this already, didn't I? You're a good person. I ain't taking that back.

 

Akira didn't know how to feel when he read that, but he couldn't deny a small swell of pride
pooling in his chest. To think that Ryuji thought so highly of him.

 

Ryuji: I mean, you're a little intense, but your heart's clearly in the right place. And I
understand. I guess it just sucks that it's such a shitty solution. Trust me, I'd be all for this if
there wasn't the possibility that we'd kill someone.

 

That was something that everyone here could agree on.

 

Ryuji: It's still kind of shitty even without that looming over our heads. If we go back to that
castle, Persona or not, it'll be extremely dangerous.

Akira: Yeah, don't remind me. The Shadows, the scale, and if I ever have to look at
Kamoshida in that weird-ass speedo ever again, it'll be too soon.

 

Akira closed his eyes; kept them closed for a minute while he contemplated what to say next.
Then, he opened them again and continued to type.

 

Akira: Ryuji. This is a chance that I'm willing to take. Best case scenario, Kamoshida
confesses to his crimes with no negative repercussions, but if it's the worst case scenario, and
Kamoshida suffers a shutdown...

Ryuji: I know. But I've made up my mind. If it comes to changing his heart, then count me in.
I owe my life to you like, three or four times over. I won't let you face that path on your own.

 

Silence ensued on both ends. Akira was at a loss for what to say. To think that someone he'd
only met today was not only offering to walk into the jaws of death with him, but to also
potentially wander into a realm that there was no way back from.

 



Akira didn't think much of Ryuji when their paths crossed on this rainy morning, but he could
say with certainty that he respected the hell out of him now.

 

Akira: You're sure?

Ryuji: As long as we try my way first. And we gotta try and make sure that Kamoshida
doesn't shut down. Can you promise me that?

 

Akira didn't hesitate any further and slowly typed back.

 

Akira: Alright. It's a deal then.

 

Morgana read Akira's reply, and his face was painted with something akin to distress. "Wait,
you're going through with this?! You swore that you were in for changing his heart!" The cat
yowled.

"Hey, you don't have to get so upset." Akira attempted to calm the feline. "Changing his heart
isn't off the table. But seeing this through means that Ryuji will stand by our side when we do
infiltrate the Palace, and there'll be less of a chance of things going wrong." Akira paused.
"And on the off chance that this actually works, then we can decide our next move. You had
something planned for after the Palace, right?"

"Y-Yeah..." Morgana replied. Still, he didn't seem happy about accepting it. He huffed and
trotted over to the side of the bed before he curled up into a furry ball. It seemed that
Morgana was officially retiring for the night. The cat had the right idea.

 

Ryuji: You will? Thanks, man! You won't regret this!

Akira: We'll talk more tomorrow. So, can I go to bed now?

Ryuji: Just one more thing!

 

Akira was tempted to turn his phone off, but Ryuji added something to make him stop.

 

Ryuji: You told me earlier that you were gonna become a demon if that's what it took to bring
Kamoshida down.



Ryuji: You're not. You're not a demon, Akira. I mean, you do fight like one, but you're not like
Kamoshida at all! I don't wanna see you comparing yourself to Kamoshida at all, got it?

 

Akira smirked and found the opportunity for one final jab.

 

Akira: As you command, Princess Ryuji

Ryuji: ...You know what, I'm too tired to get angry at that.

Akira: Phooey.

 

Akira chuckled. He was never letting that die.

 

Ryuji: But I want you to remember something, dude.

Ryuji: Heroes fight demons too.

 

It was a cheesy, unremarkable line on the part of the blond, but it brought a smile to Akira's
face. For all his joking and his disagreements, Akira found himself feeling very lucky to have
someone with such a good heart as his friend. His first real friend.

Akira set the phone down finally and immediately felt his eyelids grow heavy. His
consciousness wavered, and his vision was slowly swallowed in darkness.

What was strange was that, as he was drifting off, he heard a young, female voice. A voice
that calmed his heart. An audial equivalent to a gentle hand stroking his hair.

 

I am thou...

 

Thou art I...

 

Thou hast acquired a new vow...

 



It shall become the wings of rebellion

 

That breaketh thy chains of captivity.

 

With the birth of The Chariot Persona

 

I have obtained the winds of blessing that

 

shall lead to freedom and new power...

 

And with naught but a second of waking left, Akira gave one final thought.

 

"That's rad."

Chapter End Notes

Apologies if this chapter seemed a little boring, but we've got some good stuff coming
up.

Also, this fic officially has cover art now. I don't know how to actually put it on AO3,
but I can leave a link to its imgur page: https://imgur.com/m5tryeq. Hope you think it
looks cool!



Chapter 5: Dancing with the Devil
Chapter Summary

Akira be ballin'

Hey, just before this chapter starts, I just want to take a moment to say thank you for all the
support that you've given the story so far. The reviews, the faves and follows and kudos really
drive me to keep going.



The genuine interest and enjoyment that you all get reading my fanfic fills me with
fulfillment and joy. I really wish that I could upload chapters faster, but the writing bug
strikes where it strikes.



I hope to complete this story someday, no matter how long it takes. So, I hope that you'll
continue to enjoy Phantom Dragon Rising!



Alright, let's get on with it!

 

"Ann?"

"Shiho, we need to talk."

"Okay...? Is everything alright, Ann? You sound so serious."

"Shiho...I...I just wanted to ask how you were doing? Are you...okay?"

"O-Okay? Of course I'm okay? Why wouldn't I be?"

"Shiho...I've...I've heard some bad things. About what happens in volleyball practice."

"...!"

"Your sprained wrist, that bruise above your eye, your twisted knee. You told me that's from
pushing yourself too far in practice. But...that isn't true, is it?"

"A-Ann..."

"I know how much you love playing volleyball, but...but I can't just sit back and watch as you
get hurt over and over again."



"Ann, li-listen..."

"Shiho, I-I think you should quit the volleyball team, at least for a little while. I don't want to
see my best friend in so much pain--

"Ann, please! That's enough!"

"Shiho?!

"You...you don't know what you're talking about. I just...I just practice a lot, that's all. G-
Getting hurt every now and then is normal.

"Not like this, it isn't."

"Ann, listen to me, we're a national level volleyball team. We don't get to that kind of
competitive scene with ordinary training. S-Sure, we may push ourselves too far sometimes,
but it's a sm-small price to pay. Volleyball is one of the only things that I'm good at. Can't you
support me on this...?"

"Shiho...I'm your friend. So why? Why are you lying to me...?

"What?"

"I know that Kamoshida's been abusing you. Abusing all the volleyball team. He's cruel,
vindictive and only cares about himself...

"A-Ann, don't talk like th-that about Mr. Kamoshida."

"Don't talk like— Shiho, you're not seriously trying to defend him after everything he's done!
Don't tell me he has that kind of power over you!”

"...I...Ann, I can't just... All I've done, I can't just throw that away because you think that
there's something bad going on...”

“Please Shiho... Please get out of there, before it's too late. You know that I'd never lie to you.
You know that I'm not lying to you.”

"I...I need to go. Goodbye, Ann"

"Shiho? Shiho!?"

*Beep*

Ann's mouth hung open as the hang-up tone blared into her ear.

No...no. This couldn't be happening! Shiho couldn't be...!

Frantically, Ann tore the phone away from her ear as if it burned her and glared hard enough
at the screen to form holes in it.



She redialled Shiho's number and brought the phone back to her ear. She had to convince
Shiho to leave the team. She had to!

It was only after a few tortuous rings that the call went to voicemail.

"Hi, this is Suzui. Please leave a message aft—" Ann hung up. She didn't want to leave a
message. She needed to talk to Shiho proper.

She redialled once again.

"Hi, this is Suzui. Please leave a—"

*Beep*

She dialled once more.

"Hi, this is Suzui. Please—"

*Beep*

And again.

"Hi, this is Suzu—"

*Beep*

"Dammit, Shiho!" Ann hissed. She could feel frustrated tears beginning to pool in her eyes.
Shiho must've turned her phone off.

But why?! Why was she choosing not to listen to her!? Ann had seen firsthand the kind of
torment that the volleyball students faced in Kamoshida's castle. What they faced in reality.
Shiho's wounds, which she'd constantly insist were from practising too hard, just didn't add
up. Not until now.

And yet, Shiho herself had just told Ann that there was nothing wrong. That despite all she
said, everything was fine.

Ann didn't know if it was the same for everyone else on the team, but she could certainly hear
the fear in Shiho's voice. A fear that she'd never wish on anybody, much less her best friend.

And yet, despite that fear, Shiho had dismissed everything Ann had desperately told her as
paranoia and hearsay.

There were no two ways about it. Horrifying as the premise was, Shiho was in the iron
clutches of Kamoshida's terrible reign, just like the volleyball team, just like all of Shujin. So
utterly cowed by his presence throughout the school that she'd even lie to her best friend
about being physically abused.

Maybe she was even lying to herself as well.



And Kamoshida? He was getting away with it all.

The sexual harassment. The abuse. The gossip. Everything. Even if dread followed
Kamoshida with every step he took, he would be forever protected, forever worshipped,
forever present in that damned castle of his...

In the empty halls of Shujin Academy, Ann lost the strength to stand and pressed herself up
against the wall. Soon after, her legs gave out and she slowly slid down to the floor.

There, she pulled her knees up to her chest, lowered her head and started to sob. Frustrated
tears, helpless tears, anxious tears. All of them pooled together in a puddle of misery.

"It's not fair."

"Why does it have to happen to us?"

"I'm so scared."

"I can't take this anymore."

 

"Someone..."






"Anyone..."






"Please save us!"

 

A thunderous thunk resounded across the gymnasium as a volleyball soared over the net and
into the other team's half of the court. Not a single one of the volleyball team members had
even a chance of returning the serve. Some of them even looked scared at the thought of
attempting such a thing.

Of course, due to the fact that the ball was spiked by none other than Kamoshida.

Today was the day of the volleyball rally, and it was Students vs Kamoshida. Well,
technically, Kamoshida did have some team members who definitely didn't look like students
on his side, but compared to Kamoshida, they were canon fodder.

It was pathetic, really. Kamoshida had set this whole thing up as a replacement for today's
classes under the pretence that it would 'bolster the reputation of the volleyball team.' But the



volleyball team was already the most notable thing to come out of Shujin Academy. It didn't
need reinforcement.

No, this whole event was nothing more than an excuse for Kamoshida to show off, strut his
stuff to the entire school. He was using Olympic-level plays against teenagers who weren't
even old enough to drink yet. Not an ounce of his strength was being held back. A tiger
against foxes.

Hell, he was even actively aiming at some of the students who dared to return the ball.
Kamoshida had already knocked two students on their asses with powerful spikes. And if the
thought occurred to anybody that Kamoshida could have just aimed away from them, which
he could afford to do, because again, he was an Olympic athlete against high-schoolers, and
that a pro-level player like him shouldn't be "accidentally" hitting students with the ball as
consistently as he did, then they didn't bring it up.

No, instead, they were just surrounded by raucous cheers from the hundred or so students
who watched the ensuing match. Excited chatter went back and forth between the many
spectators.

They were giving Kamoshida exactly what he wanted.

The only thing that was being 'bolstered' here was Kamoshida's ego.

As Kamoshida walked backwards from his spike, he was greeted with jovial cheers from his
teammates. They all crowded around him, dishing out high fives and compliments to the
man.

"Nice toss!"

"Man! You still got it, Coach!"

With a charming grin that hid how much the greedy bastard enjoyed soaking up all the praise,
Kamoshida nodded his head.

"Thanks! Let's go for one more!" He announced to...that guy...and sprinted back into position.

What? He picked these guys up from a Shujin alumni sheet and people who owed him
favours. He needed them for their numbers, not their names.

While he was returning to the center, he snuck a glance at the one person that he wanted the
attention of more than anyone in this gymnasium.

Ann Takamaki.

She was sitting on a chair, staring down at her knees with a depressed expression on her face,
her hands wringing in anxiety. Kamoshida didn't spare a single moment of regret for being
the one to put the girl in that situation.

Hmph, ungrateful bitch, what was she worried for? She should be jumping for joy at the idea
of being his girl. She was the perfect match for him. She was pretty, she was a virgin, she was



unique and she was young.

Before she was known around the school as Kamoshida's Bitch, she was mostly ignored, due
to her mixed ethnicity of being a quarter American. He gives her the attention that her slutty
body was asking for and she rejects him?

Well, he was a persistent man, and Ann was a feisty woman. But Takamaki would come
around eventually. He held her leash, after all.

His fantasies of getting the blonde to submit to him were interrupted when he noticed that
sitting on either side of the girl were the pair that had been making his life difficult recently
when it came to approaching his prey.

Sakamoto and the transfer brat.

He didn't know how it had happened, but ever since they showed up to school late a couple of
days ago, they had become fast friends. Like, almost inseparable. Whenever he tried to catch
Ann alone, there was always at least one of the two there to foil his plans. It had happened
twice today and three times yesterday. Nobody got that cozy with each other in so short of
time.

He watched as Kurusu tapped Takamaki's leg and say something to her that she couldn't
overhear. It caused her to give a small smile though and she nodded in reply. Then Sakamoto
said something and she switched from being grateful to looking offended. There was a fire in
her expression that looked decidedly out of place.

Why would Takamaki be hanging out with those losers when she could have him?

...and why did looking at the transfer student in particular send the most ominous of phantom
pains shooting up his right arm?

This...this had to stop. He'd been trying to break down Takamaki for a while. The last thing
that he needed was for her meddling friends to build her back up again, strong enough to
resist him.

He needed to remind her of her place, that reaching out would help no one. That she was
completely alone, except for him. He needed to send her a message. Let Ann know what
happens to people who get close to her.

Oh, now there was an idea.

But first, he needed to open up some slots on the other team. He couldn't just boot a couple
off willy-nilly.

As the ball found its way into his hands, he glanced through the net and at the intimidated
faces beyond it.

Hmm, Mishima's face looked quite enticing...



"For crying out loud. I don't know whether I'm pissed off or bored..." Ryuji grumbled. He
stretched his arms up and stifled a yawn. "I mean, it's an ego show for Kamoshida, through
and through."

To that, Akira had to agree. The match had been going on for about half an hour already and
the pattern of it hadn't changed from the moment it started.

Kamoshida dominated each and every round, eventually climbing up to twenty points strong
as opposed to the opposing team's one measly point. A point that they only got because one
of the guys on Kamoshida's side got too excited and lobbed the ball out of bounds.

And Kamoshida seemed miffed at even that.

Was his ego so fragile that the only way that he could vindicate himself was by going all out
against teenagers who weren't even close to his skill level? There was no pride to be found in
that kind of victory.

And of course, the way he aimed at people, faked concern and then moved on with the match
like nothing had ever happened. It was enough to make the spectacled teen's blood boil.
Every single encounter that Akira had with the man, direct or otherwise, had pissed him off.

For a moment, he could feel the man's insipid gaze roll over them. It made him tense up, until
that feeling eventually vanished.

"Hey, so Ann..." Ryuji piped up to the twin-tailed girl. "Whaddya think of the plan that we
told you about? It's great, right? All we gotta do is sneak away from this rally, find some
volleyball team stragglers, and get a confession outta 'em." Ryuji said enthusiastically.

They had just gone over a summary of Plan A with Ann: to get volleyball students to confess
to the abuse, and while Akira was still doubtful of its effectiveness, he had agreed to go along
with it.

But looking at how down Ann seemed to be, it had him reconsidering.

She had waited for them to tell her about this supposed master plan, and all she got from it
was the simplest of ideas. An overly optimistic idea pitched to a girl who didn't have much
optimism left.

"I m-mean...it's better than nothing, I guess." The blonde sighed. She made it no secret that
she was displeased with how simple and...ineffective the plan seemed.

Akira sighed. Ann had that same kind of hopeless, sad look in her eyes that he remembered
seeing under the awning where they had met. He knew that they had agreed to not let Ann
know too much about Plan B, but Ann...she was his friend. He couldn't just say nothing.

He tapped the side of Ann's leg, causing the girl to glance down at him with a curious
expression

"Don't worry, Ann. I know that this plan might seem doomed to fail..."



He received an unamused stare from Ryuji and heard a snort from his bag.

"...but we have a Plan B. And it's something that'll definitely get rid of Kamoshida. As sure as
the sun will rise tomorrow."

"Wha—!? Dude! We agreed to not tell her about it!" Ryuji hissed, an alarmed look in his
eyes.

Akira's bag jostled wildly for a moment and a blue eye stared through the flap. "You know
that it's too dangerous!"

"Hey! Quiet!" Akira tried to silence the cat. Even in a room full of blind cheering, Akira
didn't want to take the risk of someone noticing that he brought a cat to school with him.

Ann leaned forward in her chair, focusing all her attention on Akira. Her blue eyes held a
spark of intrigue. "D-Dangerous?" She repeated.

Akira shook his head. "Look, Ann. I can't actually give you any details about Plan B, but
what I can tell you is that if our first idea doesn't work, our second definitely will. Whatever
happens, Kamoshida won't be hurting anyone anymore." He told her with a kind smile.

And Akira would be lying if he said that he didn't feel his throat tighten as the sheer hope that
bloomed within Ann's expression shone upon him.

"Yo-You're serious. You really do have a way to get rid of Kamoshida?" She asked in a
whisper, barely heard beneath the din of the crowd.

Ryuji sighed and leaned against the wall, crossing his arms behind his head. "I mean, yeah,
it'll work. But it's super last resort-y. It's why I wanted to try all our options before we go
all...you know, Plan B."

Ann sat up on the chair. "I got it." She took a deep breath in. "Tell me what I have to do."

Both boys flinched at Ann's request. Didn't Morgana literally just say that it was too
dangerous?

"You...You come with us and help us gather confessions..." Ryuji responded. "Simple as
that."

Ann turned to Ryuji and shook her head in dismissal. "No! I meant for Plan B. And if you're
so sure that it'll work, then why isn't it Plan A?" She questioned.

Akira palmed his forehead. He should have known that Ann wouldn't go down without a
fight. Despite her lack of Persona, Ann was just as embroiled in this situation as they were,
maybe even more.

"I don't care what I have to do. But you have to let me help out." She insisted.

"We told ya, you can help out with Plan A. If you wanna help us with Plan B, then the best
thing that you can do is stay away." Ryuji told Ann sternly.



"Wha—!? That's uncalled for!" Ann snapped. All she wanted to do was help! More hands on
deck would be better for getting rid of Kamoshida as soon as possible. And in Ann's case, the
bastard couldn't be gone from her life fast enough.

Akira had to hide a wince at Ryuji's directness. It wasn't like he didn't understand where he
was coming from but some additional tact when it came to relaying the news would have
been nice on Ryuji's part.

Before any of them could say a word further though, a mighty slap resounded across the
gymnasium. Everyone turned to look at the game once more, where Kamoshida had just
spiked the ball over a line of defenders, of course, with a charming grin. The ball spiralled
through the air at Olympic-level speed, and it soon found its target. Not the gym floor, but
upon the face of a hapless, plain-looking young man whom Akira recognised from his own
class. Mishiyama or something?

The kid went flying back as if he'd been decked in the face, and collapsed to the floor,
accompanied by the horrified yelps, cries and gasps on part of the spectators.

As the kid lay still, Akira let out an empathic hiss. That had been far worse than anything that
they had seen so far, and inflicted upon someone who looked like he needed a trip to the ICU
already. That was probably a concussion, maybe a broken nose too.

The cheering faded away into near silence, as concerned students chattered and whispered
about the poor guy's condition.

And Kamoshida just stared at the downed player with a cold impassivity. There was not a
shred of concern on his face, not a speck of regret. He had definitely planned to mess that kid
up.

He stared for a second before he stepped under the net and jogged over to the dark-haired
student, who was moaning on the ground in pain. "Sorry!" Kamoshida said. Not apologized.
There was a difference. He crouched down next to him and cradled his body like he actually
gave a damn. "You alright?" He asked, to which he received no answer.

The teacher looked towards one of the random members of the student team. "Hey, Toshika,
can you get him to the nurse's office?" He asked. The requested student gave a small nod and
carefully took the injured student from Kamoshida's grasp. The kid moaned as he had his arm
wrapped around the guy's shoulders and was helped to his feet. It was a little hard to spot, but
it was simple to discern just how much both teens wished to get off the court.

Ryuji scoffed as he watched the scene. "Look at him, pretending to be concerned for that guy.
Makes me sick." He grunted. The blond saw a stray volleyball at his feet, so he grabbed it
and tossed it half-heartedly towards the court.

"Poor Mishima." Ann sighed as she interlocked her fingers. She had always noticed that he
looked beat up. It was clear where that was coming from now.

As Mishima was led off the court, one of the volleyball team members awkwardly raised his
hand.



"Um, Mr. Kamoshida, we're down by two players."

The man's smirk was present and then gone so quickly, that it was considered a trick of the
light. "No worries. We just have to grab a couple of substitutes." He told them.

Dread started to fill Ann's mind as Kamoshida gave that announcement, dread that was
almost immediately justified as the man fiendishly glanced towards her once again.

And then he said the words that made her blood run cold.

"Hey, get in here, Suzui!"

 

Suzui.

Shiho Suzui.

 

No!

Immediately, the colour drained from Ann's face, and her entire body quivered. That...That
was Kamoshida's game. Removing two players to make room for her best friend.

He was going to hurt her!

Ever since that initial phone call, Ann had tried to get in contact with Shiho multiple times.
She tried calling, texting, or trying to catch her at school, but she was avoiding her at every
turn. It was so frustrating. All Ann wanted to do was help her!

And now, watching as her best friend shuffled out of the crowd to the court with an
expression like she was off to the gallows, Ann felt her heart sink. She was tempted to call
out. To beg Shiho to run away. Hell, she'd run up there and take Shiho by the hand to pull her
away, if she could.

But she couldn't. Her throat seized up and her hand stopped short of reaching out.

She couldn't do anything, like always.

Akira and Ryuji were quick to notice the poor girl's dilemma. Akira leaned toward Ryuji with
worry stretched upon his face. "Ryuji, who's Shiho?" He asked.

"Ann's best friend." Ryuji spat. He was staring at the court like he wanted to go up there and
clock Kamoshida across his square-ass jaw. "She's a member of the volleyball team. She and
Ann used to be joined at the hip, but ever since Shiho joined the volleyball club, they've been
together less and less." The blond explained.

And at that moment, all of Ann's prior concerns when it came to the volleyball team made
sense. She wasn't as concerned for the team in general as she was for her best friend who



happened to be on that team. And with Kamoshida constantly harassing Ann—

 

Oh.

Oh..that slimy bastard!

He was probably keeping Shiho at practice, not only to keep her away from Ann, but likely to
torture her as well. He was seeking to drive the duo apart!

And now, as punishment for refusing his advances, Kamoshida was planning on tormenting
Ann through Shiho.

Akira's hatred towards the man reached even further heights. Ever since that night in
Okinawa, he figured that he could never hate someone as much as he hated that drunkard.
But in Kamoshida pranced, visceral and scummy as they come to bring those perceptions
crumbling down.

It was enough to make him retch.

"Hey, you. How about you play as the volleyball team's sixth?"

Akira was brought out of his musings once he noticed that the room had gone dead silent. His
instincts were quick to let him know that there were over a hundred pairs of eyes...

 

...all staring at him...

 

Akira raised his head in mild confusion, a confusion that was quickly abated when he noticed
the idol of his hatred pointing at him.

Wait... Kamoshida wanted him to play volleyball?

Ah...that's right, there were two slots that Kamoshida had opened up on the team. He thought
that it was weird that the man sent off one of his own players to help another when there were
plenty of other students around who could assist.

So, this was his plan, huh? He wasn't settling for only one of Ann's friends, but two.
Coincidence? Of course not. It didn't matter if it was sadism or a strategic move. Both he and
Shiho had ended up in Kamoshida's crosshairs...

...and Akira had to fight to keep from breaking out into a grin. This...this could work… Yeah,
it could definitely work!

"Hey! That's not fair! He ain't even on the volleyball team!" Ryuji quickly tried to defend
Akira while Ann stared at him with wide, scared eyes.



"This rally is an opportunity for everyone to try their hand at volleyball, Sakamoto. No need
to get snippy." Kamoshida retorted, he crossed his arms and smugly stared down the trio.

"But...But..." Ann gave a quiet whimper. This couldn't be happening! First Shiho...then
Akira...!

"Hey." Ann felt a pat on her shoulder. She looked up to see that Akira had gotten to his feet.
And on his face was a soft smile. "You haven't forgotten how tough I am, right?" He asked
the duo. "I can handle Kamoshida."

That was an undeniable fact for both of them, but it didn't stop the unsure looks from crossing
their faces.

Akira turned to face the teacher and gave him a thumbs-up. He deserved the middle finger,
but Akira refrained. "Alright. I'll be over in a minute!" He called. Kamoshida gave a small
huff. "Don't keep us waiting..." He replied before he turned away and returned to the court.

Akira waited until the man was out of earshot, and then leaned in close to the pair of blondes.
"Here's what we'll do. I'll keep the match going for as long as I can, and while all eyes are on
me, you two can sneak off and try and get some testimonies."

Ann's face shifted into one of worry. "But Shiho--!"

"--is going to be just fine, Ann. I won't let anything happen to her." Akira assured her with a
gentle smile. "I'll trust you to gather those testimonies and you can trust me to keep Shiho
safe."

It was a hefty promise on Akira's part, but Ann couldn't deny that the boy had proved himself
time and time again, both in the Metaverse and in reality. Could she trust Akira to keep her
friend safe?

Yes, yes she could. As much as it sickened her for Akira to willingly put himself in
Kamoshida's crosshairs, the fact that Shiho had someone on the court looking out for her, and
that someone was a confirmed badass eased her heart, just a little.

And while she wanted to watch out for Shiho more than anything right now, she had to agree
with Akira that she was better utilised in getting confessions...or a least pushing this whole
thing into the mysterious Plan B.

"You're sure you're up for this dude?" Ryuji asked. "Playing against Kamoshida is gonna be
brutal."

"I'm not just going to play against Kamoshida. I'm going to beat him."

It took all of Ryuji's self-control to not let out a startled "for real?!" It didn't stop either him or
Ann from dropping their jaws at such a declaration though. Akira was being totally serious
about this.

The teen smirked at his friends. "And just so you don't miss out..." He dug his phone out of
his pocket and opened the camera app.



"Hey Morgana, do me a favour and try to record this." He requested, slipping the phone into
his bag. He got a surprised yowl in response and a series of shuffles, but eventually, the
phone camera was settled into place.

"I feel like a soccer mom..." Morgana grumbled.

"Trust me, Morgana, it's gonna be worth it." Akira chuckled as he slipped off his glasses and
placed them aside.

"You should press record now because you might wanna play this back in slow motion."

And with that being said, Akira crossed the gym to the court, his jovial expression melting
away until there was nothing but grim determination.

He might have scared some of the student body though.

 

"Eeeeek! He looks so dangerous!"

"I'm so glad I'm not on the volleyball team right now..."

"Kamoshida's gotta take him down a peg."

"What if he gets hit with the ball and just completely loses it?"

The whispers accompanied him for the entirety of the short journey to the court. He tried hard
not to let his frustration show. Their words weren’t worth his time. Instead, he took it and
turned it into resolve. He’d show them. He’d show them all

"Hmhmhmhm~!"

Huh. For a second, he could have sworn that he felt an approving chuckle resonate in his
mind.

Well, he had no need to be upset by the disapproval of these credulous students.

No, the one that he was truly upset with; livid with, was Kamoshida. It was Kamoshida who
deserved all of his ire. Kamoshida that deserved all of his rage.

That being said, for as pathetic the man was, his athleticism was clearly no joke, and neither
was his intent to harm. Akira needed to be careful if he wanted to beat Kamoshida at his own
game.

He stepped into the student half of the court and forced a smile. He didn't want to scare the
present team members off the court.

"Alright! Who's ready for a comeback?" He asked with a clap of his hands. It earned him a
few curious glances and a couple of tiny, wry smiles. He'd take that.



He took a brief, inconspicuous glance at the young girl that he had promised to protect. Shiho
was looking at him with a curious expression, and she also seemed to be somewhat guarded
towards him. Not uncommon, considering his rep, but Akira could feel that there was another
reason behind her cautiousness.

There was another matter of worry too. Now that he was closer, he could see just how injured
this girl was. Even a furtive glance was enough to rack up another several reasons that
Kamoshida was such a damn bastard.

Her face was covered with small bruises, including a massive one above her left eye. She was
wearing a knee brace on her right leg and clearly putting weight on her left. And under that
P.E. uniform, Akira suspected that he'd find many more bruises up her arms and maybe
around her torso.

And her eyes... They were so dull, so lifeless. Not even sadness was left behind, only bitter
acceptance of the most unjust of situations.

It wasn't only those though. It was the way she carried herself. Like there was something to
be ashamed about clinging to her. That she was trying to hide something and was terrified of
it being found out.

Akira was no psychologist, but he knew exactly what to look for. Because Riona was the
same.

His surrogate sister always wore long-sleeved shirts, even in the summer, to conceal the scars
on her arms. Scars which were a result of the same house fire that took her real parents away.

There was always this kind of discomfort hidden under her gossipy and fashionista
personality. Even around Morning Glory, she wasn't comfortable with those scars being out in
the open. He had only seen them once himself, when he took her to get a flu shot, and while
he wasn't disgusted by them, Riona had been so mortified that it had taken a little while to get
her to open up around him again.

Thankfully, Mitsuo was a massive help in bridging that divide between them since, for some
reason, Riona was okay with Mitsuo seeing her scars. Kiryu had actually promised to tell him
the story about that.

 

Something about a dragon print polo shirt and a...cowboy hat?

 

Well, he supposed he'd never hear it now...






In any case, Akira was able to see that Shiho was uncomfortable. How her pain would limit
her movement, how even a slip of her sleeves would show everyone the bruising that she



carried. Show a certain someone just how broken she had been. But she had nothing to be
ashamed of though. Nothing!

Riona's scars may have been the result of an accident, but Shiho's injuries weren't.

Kamoshida caused them. He made her feel like this; was actively contributing to this, not
even allowing her to heal.

And she accepted it! It was beyond cruel, but she, as well as all the volleyball team members;
anyone who ended up in Kamoshida's sights had to put up with it, like pigs for slaughter. And
Shiho had gotten the worst of it, likely to put pressure on Ann.

The most controversial thing in his previous school had been a broken drinking fountain!
How the hell did things get so out of control here!?

"A comeback? A bit optimistic there, Kurusu. You play much volleyball?"

Akira drew his attention away from Shiho and instead focused it on Kamoshida. The bastard
was giving him a shit-eating grin across the net. Oh, he was gonna get his. Starting with this
volleyball court.

"Nope! I've never played volleyball before, so go easy on me, Kamoshida-sensei~!" Akira
forced on the most innocuous good-sport voice he could muster.

"Hmph, that'll be a problem. You know the rules, at least?" Kamoshida asked back.

Akira nodded. "Yeah, I understand the rules. You start by kicking the ball up then you slam
dunk it over the net for a touchdown, then you have to block the other team from knocking
your pins over, don't run with the ball, try to hit home runs, and the one with the lowest score
wins!"

Akira had to try really hard not to look in Ryuji's direction as he heard the blond cackle,
which in turn had many of the student body giggling at his beyond silly summarisation of
volleyball rules. Hey, humour was nice, and the court was already dreary enough.

A few of the members were actively covering up their smiles, and for the ones that didn't
cover there was a definite twitching of their lips.

Even Shiho looked like she was about to let out a giggle, though it stopped halfway. In any
case, morale was looking much better all of a sudden.

Of course, there was one person that wasn't laughing. Kamoshida stared at him icily with an
unamused expression, even with his own team also finding the humour in Akira's words. He
didn't appreciate Akira making light of his sport.

And Akira didn't give a shit.

"Funny. But being a comedian won't help you on my court." Kamoshida huffed. "How about
you play the net with Suzui? I'm sure she can catch you up."



That's what he said, but all Akira heard was: “How about you step into the strike zone where
I'm able to hit both of you easier?"

"Sure! I can do that." Akira replied. That was the plan anyway. He wouldn't be able to protect
Shiho from the back lines.

Akira made his way over to the middle hitter position, right next to Shiho. The girl watched
him approach with slight trepidation, but Akira just gave a thumbs up.

"Don't worry. I've been watching. I do actually have the gist of this down." He told the girl.
Shiho gave him a confused glance in reply, but then she gave him a small, kind smile. It was
tiny, but it was there.

"No aiming at imaginary pins, then?" She asked.

"No aiming at imaginary pins." Akira parroted with a grin.

He took a steading breath and set himself in the middle position. No better target for
Kamoshida's volleyballs. But he had taken on the Cognitive Kamoshida's rain of deadly
volleyballs and made it through. In comparison, this would be a walk in the park. A walk in
the park where they were being fired at by heavy artillery, but a walk in the park nonetheless.

"Alright! We ready?" Kamoshida asked. He had managed to wipe the frown from his face
and take his position. "You guys get the next serve." He announced, tossing the ball over to
them, like a regular person as he likely wouldn't get away with beaning them in the face with
the ball before the match had even started.

Shiho reached up and caught the ball with a tiny, near-imperceptible wince. She'd be fighting
through pain throughout the rest of the match. Within a second, her slightly playful mood was
completely wiped away, leaving her feeling apprehensive once more.

She gripped the ball tightly. Nervously. The match was practically won, but Kamoshida
wasn't content with just winning. He was going to hurt her again... and Ann was watching!

Her breathing grew heavier. Anxiety gripped her heart, and she tried to force back helpless
tears.

"Hey."

Shiho let out a gasp that sounded too much like a sob and looked to her right. There was the
transfer student, and even though he must have seen just how bad of a time he was in for, he
looked at her with a calm and comforting expression.

"I wasn't joking when I asked if you guys were ready for a comeback. We're gonna win this!"
Akira pumped his fist.

To Shiho, that declaration was nothing short of thoughtless and naive. She had no reason to
believe him. They were so far behind in points, they were all battered and bruised, and
Kamoshida was looking to kill. Any hopes of victory should be well out of their reach.



And yet...

There was something about him.

It may have been the dauntless way that he stood against Kamoshida, like a lone, valiant
warrior who raised his blade towards an army of hundreds.

It may have been his eyes, which made her feel like she was under the protective gaze of a
being that was larger than life.

But whatever that something was, Shiho couldn't deny that she could feel something stirring
within her. Something that she thought had no place on this court anymore. Not for her. Not
for anybody.

 

Hope.

 

To have something that was as far gone as hope stirring within her just because of a single
boy...

PEEEEEEP!

Shiho flinched at the shrill sound of the whistle. A sound that meant she had run out of time
to think. The spectating students began to chatter and cheer once again and filled the
auditorium with noise. The match had officially started, and it was up to her to serve the ball.

Though her body trembled slightly, Shiho gathered her nerves and tossed the ball into the air.
An ingrained action that she had done thousands of times.

She watched as Kamoshida tensed his body, watched as his smirk turned vile.

The familiar evil sight temporarily overwhelmed her, and the girl couldn't help but shut her
eyes.

Then she heard the squeak of shoes.

A massive SLAP.

A whoosh of air.

A mighty THUNK.

And then, complete silence. The familiar din of a volleyball match was completely absent,
and the spectators had gone oddly quiet.

It took a few moments of the preternatural silence before Shiho finally managed to open her
eyes.



And it was at that moment that she understood the silence.

The volleyball that she had served was slowly rolling towards the edge of Kamoshida's half
of the court. The man himself was looking at the ball in disbelief, frozen whilst in the process
of raising his arms.

This...this couldn't be real, could it? Had they actually scored against Kamoshida?

Then she blinked and glanced over at Akira.

He was staring cockily at Kamoshida, with a hand slipped in his pocket. He looked
completely confident in himself, no doubt to be seen.

"P-P-Point for the volleyball team!" The referee eventually announced. It seemed that they
were no less stunned at this development than everyone else.

So it was true... They had really scored a point. Not by accident, but an actual point! Against
Kamoshida! And in the first few seconds too.

Akira turned towards her and gave her a subtle wink. After a few moments, realisation struck
the girl.

"K-Kurusu...you...?"

Akira didn't say anything back, instead choosing to look back towards the net; beyond it, to
the countenance of the volleyball coach.

As if in a trance, Kamoshida stared right back at him eyes still wide, jaw still hanging open.

Akira's smile grew smug.

"You might want to close your mouth, Kamoshida-sensei. You'll catch flies."

The jab seemed to snap the teacher out of his trance, and his face slowly twisted into an ugly
expression.

 

This.

 

Fucking.

 

BRAT!

 



Who the hell did he think he was to taunt him so brazenly? But more importantly, how the
hell did he even do that!?

Kamoshida hadn't been paying too much attention, but he could have sworn that as soon as
Suzui had launched the ball, Kurusu had leapt crazy high and slammed it over the net at a
speed even he had barely been able to grasp. All he had been able to make of it was the slight
brush of wind through his unruly mop of hair, and before he knew it, the point was lost.

As a volleyball coach, he had seen students come and go, some relatively skilled like Suzui,
and some no-hopers like Mishima.

But what the hell was this?! He had never seen anything like this before! That technique
wasn't a fluke. He'd almost expect that kind of play from one of his team's rivals back when
he played competitively.

If Kurusu wasn't lying about never playing volleyball before, then he was one hell of a
prodigy. A prodigy that he needed to stamp out.

Oh, that kid thought that he had one up on him? Don't make him laugh. No matter how good
he played, he was still nothing more than an ant compared to him.

His next spike would wipe that smirk off his face. Would hopefully send him to the nurse's
office alongside that useless Mishima as well. He was the school delinquent, nobody would
care.

Kamoshida slowly wandered over to the volleyball and picked it up, gripping it tight enough
to make the rubber squeak. He walked back over to his setter and pressed the ball into his
hands with barely concealed aggression. He got some strange looks, so he tried to compose
himself. It was just one point, after all. A total of two to their twenty. It wasn't that big of an
issue, at least that's what he told himself.

With a taut expression on his face, Kamoshida choked out a sportsmanlike congratulations.
"Nice shot, Kurusu. Let's see if you can keep this up..."

The brat simply grinned back at him.

He would show that damned delinquent.

The referee blew their whistle, and the game resumed.

Kamoshida's setter lobbed the ball upwards until it was just hanging over the net, and the
teacher immediately saw his chance. He jumped for the ball, his hand already pulling back to
spike it at Kurusu...

Wait. Where the hell was he?

"Looking for me, sensei?" He suddenly heard a voice...from right in front of him.

...no fucking way...!



Kamoshida's sight drew upwards, and there Kurusu was, leaping just as high as he was, with
a perfect mid-air stance and a face of cold determination. And his eyes... There was such a
great inferno within them. Flint chips stared back at him as if he were seeing into his soul, as
if he was seeing just how rotten he really was.

At the same time, both of them placed their hands on the ball, causing a small shockwave that
was enough to shake the net they were suspended over.

In official volleyball terms, this was known as a joust. But to Akira, it was far from that.
Kamoshida could spin all the bullshit he wanted, and this game could get all the regulations it
could. But ever since he and Shiho had stepped up to the plate, this stopped being a "friendly
match.” Hell, it wasn't even a match to stoke Kamoshida's ego.

It was a battle now.

Kamoshida was willing to hurt them, and losing was not an option.

That was fine. Akira had faced those odds countless times on the streets of Okinawa and had
emerged victorious every time. This time would be no different. He would win, or he would
die. That was what this battle had become to him. All Akira had to do was win.

He grappled with Kamoshida for control of the ball, their eyes never wavering from each
other's. It was a battle of wills.

And Akira would never allow himself to lose that to this bastard!

 

SUGURU KAMOSHIDA

 
EX-OLYMPIAN



"OOORYAAA!!!"

"Argh!"

Kamoshida didn't know why, but now, of all times, his arm started to act up once again. The
man winced, and his grip on the ball weakened slightly. And slightly was all Akira needed.

The boy twisted his body to the left, redirecting his force away from Kamoshida's grip and
despite the athlete's struggles, the ball was eventually torn from his hands, flying backwards
into Kamoshida's side of the court again. Of course, nobody could stop it.

Kamoshida didn't register that he had lost yet another point until well after he was back on
the floor.

"Point for the volleyball team!" The referee announced.



Watching on, the student body were near speechless at the awesome display that they had just
witnessed. Anyone who had been browsing their phones or talking to each other had now
been completely drawn in by the game that was unfolding.

And nobody had a better seat than Shiho, who could only look at Akira in absolute
astonishment.

Just who was this boy...? And this bubbling in her chest...was it excitement?

Akira felt her gaze on him and turned to face her with a smirk. "Get ready, Suzui. Like I said:
We've got a comeback to make!"

And this time, Shiho believed him.

This...

This was a nightmare.

This was a goddamn nightmare!

Kamoshida was a realistic man. He did not believe that he was unmatched on a volleyball
court. He had met his equal more than a few times in his Olympic days.

But students shouldn't even begin to compare to him. On this court, he was nothing less than
godlike. So how...?

How the hell was the transfer doing this!?

Ever since he entered the game, the game had been completely turned around for the student
team. They started with that meagre one point, but then it rapidly grew to five.

Then ten.

Then fifteen.

Then twenty.

And now he was staring at the scoreboard in disbelief. The score of 24-23 was displayed to
all the students in the auditorium. Students who were now cheering for the student team that
had made that insane recovery. Cheers that were supposed to be HIS!

He had the student team pinned to the floor! He had made sure of it. He had broken them
down, he had hurt them, and he was going to keep hurting them, so that he would remain
superior to them in every way.

But that delinquent had swept all of his plans aside with ease. He had not only taken his plot
to hurt him and Suzui and completely flipped it on its head, but somehow brought the match
to a point where they were one damn point away from winning!



Kurusu's defensive plays were almost unreal, with movement and reaction times that were
obscenely fast and an offensive that was just as insane. It made actually trying to hit Kurusu
with the ball damn near impossible.

And what was worse, when he decided to aim at Suzui instead, Kurusu was somehow always
there to knock the ball upwards, protecting her from the blow. Suzui would then get the
chance to serve the ball or pass it to another team member.

The morale of the student team was steadily climbing, and despite Kurusu's last minute
addition, he was working in sync with them. There were a couple of fumbles, of course, but
most of the time they were working like a well-oiled machine. It was no exaggeration to say
that he had become somewhat of an unofficial leader of the student team.

And all the while, he had that insufferable smirk on his face that made Kamoshida want to
cross the court and pummel the brat. Of course, even if he was the star of Shujin and Kurusu
was a delinquent, he doubted that he'd be able to get away with it in front of all of these
witnesses.

This whole thing had gone wrong. This whole thing had gone terribly, terribly wrong!

This whole thing couldn't have gone better!

With every point that they gained, Akira had the pleasure of watching Kamoshida's face twist
into something more and more ugly, all the while trying to hide said ugliness from all the
spectators. It was a great time.

With all of the shit that Kamoshida had pulled to make his and his friends' lives miserable, it
was indescribable how good it felt to get some payback. And what a stellar payback it was.
Outplaying Kamoshida in the very sport that he used to rise to the top. The blow to his pride
would be oh-so satisfying.

It was such a shame that Ryuji and Ann couldn't see this in person. They had long since left
to interrogate the absent members of the volleyball team. Oh well, they'd just have to settle
with the recording.

He couldn't imagine it would be easy for Ann to leave though. Even as she asked around, she
was probably beside herself with worry for Shiho. Akira wouldn't squander the trust that she
had placed in him. Not a single monstrous spike from Kamoshida came close to injuring her.
Akira always managed to knock the ball up at precisely the correct time to turn what was
once a grievous strike into an opportunity for Shiho or one of the other members to score.

And right now, despite being battered and bruised, Shiho was looking way more energetic
now than when the match began. Her darkened eyes were now alight with just the tiniest of
embers. It was the look of someone totally in her element. He could only imagine the sight it
would be, should her eyes be filled with light...

Well, he could ponder all he wanted later. They had a match to win.



The air was pierced with a shrill peep of the whistle, signalling the beginning of what would
hopefully be the final round. Akira took a deep breath, bent his knees, and prepared to put yet
another nail in Kamoshida's coffin.

Kamoshida's team served this time, but it was clear that their performance suffered from the
game beforehand, their morale mostly shattered after having such a commanding lead closed
so easily. Perhaps if Kamoshida had actually stacked the team with players worth a damn,
instead of just hogging the spotlight himself, Akira would have had a harder time shrinking
that gap.

As the ball soared through the air, Kamoshida leapt up and struck the ball with fury that he
couldn't openly display. He was almost like a vengeful spirit at this point, with the ball being
his mighty sword.

The ball cleared the net and came hurtling toward Akira like a missile. It was so fast that any
normal person wouldn't have a chance to deflect it.

But however fast, the ball was, Rush Style was faster.

WHAP!

Akira brought his fist up fast enough to knock the ball up into the sky, killing almost all of its
momentum and trading it for verticality. What little momentum remained carried the ball to
the rear, where the two guys and one girl readied themselves to serve it straight back.

As the ball came back down, the rightmost player managed to intercept the ball and passed it
forward over to the front, leftmost player, Shiho.

"Suzui!" He cried as he sent the ball her way, an action that he needn't have bothered with
because Shiho was more than ready to receive.

"Ha!" The girl grunted as she gave the ball a shove back over the net. It was unfortunately
seized by the back, leftmost player, who passed the ball over to Kamoshida. The man was
already winding up one of his iconic spikes. It spelt danger to any of the players on Akira's
side of the court, to him and Shiho most of all.

With a titanic palm strike, that had all of Kamoshida's desperation and rage funnelled into it,
the ball was hit and flew towards Shiho's face like a greased bullet. She didn't even have the
time to bring her arms up to protect her face before the ball was already upon her. All she
could do was let out a small gasp.

PAF!

But then, as it happened many times before, a strong hand appeared before her, halting the
ball in its tracks. And it was immediately obvious who.

Kurusu. The one who stood before what had felt like a coming tsunami and quelled it with
just his presence alone. He who took not only the role of center player, but also of her
guardian angel as they fought on the court. Spikes that would have normally broken her nose



or given her a black eye felt like they were worlds away from even touching her with Akira at
her side.

It sort of begged the question as to why he went so far as to protect her. Especially since
Kamoshida also had intentions of hurting him as well. She knew the intent behind those
spikes well, after all.

Did Akira know too, and that's why he protected her? And if he knew...who else did?

Her thoughts suddenly became lost to her as Akira leapt up, ball still in hand, his arm
windmilling to spike it back over to Kamoshida's side of the net. The motion was smooth,
perfectly executed.

Was...was this it?

Kamoshida growled and settled himself into a stance. There was no way that he could
lose...not to this pricky delinquent. Not to anyone!

He was Suguru Kamoshida! An Olympic champion! A god of volleyball!

He was the KING of Shujin Academy!

"IT'S OVER!"

The transfer student's declaration caused Kamoshida's heart to jump and his teeth to clench.
Who the hell did this kid think he was!?

Kamoshida watched the ball leave Kurusu's hand and he raised his arms to serve it straight
back. All he had to do was hit it, as he had done tens of thousands of times.

All he had to do was reach out and—!

SWOOSH!

The ball, as if guided by invisible hands, suddenly curved away from his hands with only
millimetres before contact...

"He put a spin on it!?"

And those few millimetres were too little to allow the man to correct himself in time.

All Kamoshida could do was watch, following the ball with his eyes. His mind wasn't able to
catch up right away, but deep down he knew that he was watching something inevitable.

WHAP!

A clean slam, a thunderous crash.

The ball had made a perfect impact with the ground, undeniably in bounds. The gymnasium
went completely silent as the ball slowly rolled away from Kamoshida. It was a deafening



hush, almost as if the world itself had been muted.

The first person who was able to find his voice again was the referee, luckily.

"P-P-Point for the student team! The match is theirs!" He announced

And then, as if on cue, the awed silence shattered like stained glass.

A cacophonic eruption of cheers and applause filled the gymnasium in no time flat. The
spectating students couldn't help but erupt into an almost intolerable racket that one would
expect from concerts, not a minor volleyball match in high school. It was as if a dam had
burst, and the pent-up elation of witnessing such a comeback came spilling out of the entirety
of the student body.

 

"Whoooa!"

"Holy crap! Did you see that!?"

"We ALL saw that!"

"The volleyball team actually won against Kamoshida!"

"Who would have thought that the delinquent would be such a bawse at volleyball?"

 

Akira winced a little at the sheer volume of the cheers. His peers were going near ballistic,
and honestly, who could blame them. He didn't like to brag, but they had put on one hell of a
display there.

Wait a sec. Didn't cats have a sense of hearing that was several times better than a human's?

Akira glanced towards his bag for a second, only to feel a sense of guilt when he noticed it
shivering slightly.

Poor Morgana.

He didn't have long to ponder on the state of the feline as he was suddenly dragged into the
volleyball team's ecstatic celebrations. This had been their first victory against Kamoshida,
after all, and Akira had been a big part of that.

For someone who got nothing but fearful stares ever since he started school here, it was
weird to suddenly find himself being congratulated on all sides for being the MVP of the
match, receiving pats on the back and double hi-fives. The team members clearly cared more
about getting a victory over such an overwhelming opponent than they did about Akira's
reputation as a delinquent.



It was a nice feeling, and it brought a smile to his face. His heart pounded and his chest
swelled with pride.

He had done it. Against all odds, against the tyrannical Kamoshida, he had led the volleyball
team to a stunning victory.

But amidst the jubilation, his gaze crossed with said P.E. teacher. The coach simply stood
there in a mix of shock and disbelief, swathed in a cocoon of barely suppressed fury. All the
while, his face twitched rapidly, barely able to keep itself from twisting into one of wrathful
humiliation

He had lost and could do nothing about it.

It was a sight that Akira relished. Kamoshida's pride had been broken, and his aura of
invincibility torn asunder. The man who had tormented countless students for so long had
been defeated on his own turf.

Akira watched the man slowly reach down to pick up the volleyball at his feet. Kamoshida
stared at it with an almost faraway expression. The man gripped the ball; gripped it tight
enough for its shape to distort slightly and for veins to become prominent on his arms.

And when the man looked up...

 

Akira had to fight the urge not to enter into one of his styles. The sheer look of undisputable
hatred that Kamoshida shot at him was enough to make Akira shiver with apprehension. The
man looked ready to commit a damn murder!

Ball still in hand, Kamoshida turned around and started to walk out of the gymnasium. His
furious aura must've been leaking out, because any student that was between him and the exit
scurried out of the way. Nobody wanted to contest the man's decision to leave, and Akira had
no desire to be a contrarian.

Akira sighed. This definitely wasn't over. Provoking Kamoshida may have been satisfying,
but not exactly smart. He'd just need to hope that they could deal with the bastard before he
mounted any sort of retaliation.

He then then found himself bringing his gaze from where Kamoshida once stood over to the
place where his other main objective was. And it was night and day in comparison.

Whereas Kamoshida's anger was palpable and stifling, the sheer relief and muted joy
reflected in Shiho's smile was like a cooling mist after a trek through the desert. The moment
he saw that gentle smile displayed on the girl's face, Akira felt any regrets as to what he'd
done wither away.

 

He should talk to her.



 

Akira managed to break away from the celebrating team members and walked over to the
girl. It seemed like Shiho had been waiting for him to approach.

"Well?" The ponytailed girl asked.

"Well...what?" Akira asked as he placed a hand on his hip.

"Aren't you gonna say it? "I told you so?" She asked with a coy expression.

"Did I say something like that? I can't seem to remember~" Akira teased.

Shiho gave a small giggle in response, a wonderful, melodic sound.

 

Yeah, he had no regrets at all.

 

"You played wonderfully! It's hard to believe that you're just a novice...you are just a novice,
right?" Shiho asked.

In response, Akira placed a hand on his shoulder and rotated his arm. "Yeah, but I train a lot
and have good instincts. I just had to translate that into volleyball." Akira answered.

"I see..."

From there, the two went silent for a minute. It was kind of hard to find the words to fill the
silence when there was no silence to fill.

In Shiho's case, she simply didn't have the words to show her appreciation. Akira had walked
headfirst into a dangerous situation and turned it into something wonderful. His unyielding
support throughout the entire game had inspired her; had allowed her to play with confidence
that she thought she'd all but lost.

But there was also one detail about the match. Something that was bothering her.

"Kurusu," she said softly, her voice barely audible above the cacophony. "You were
protecting me, weren't you?" She asked, her smile slowly turning downwards until it became
something more neutral. "You saw what Kamoshida was doing. And you...protected me."

It was no theory or accusation. It was something that Shiho knew definitively. Kamoshida's
spikes had come close to striking her no less than seven times during that match. It was hard
not to recognise those spikes, after all. But none of them, not one, made it past Kurusu.

Akira sighed in response. It made sense that Shiho would be able to deduce that. He hadn't
exactly been subtle, after all.



"I shouldn't have had to." He replied with a solemn voice. "This is supposed to be a chill
sport, and Kamoshida's just using it as an outlet to abuse you guys."

Shiho immediately gasped in response. The accusation was as blunt as a baseball bat and hit
just as hard. And just the fact that it had come from a peer...it was a bit of a shock.

He was right. Of course he was right. Shiho had held a genuine passion for volleyball, but
now, every time school ended and she found herself in this gymnasium, that passion had been
churned into dread.

Insults, impossible exercises, physical abuse. That had become a fact of life for her. She
couldn't tell anyone, not the teachers, not her parents, not even Ann. She was in an impossible
situation and could only suffer silently, with no one privy to her woes.

But if this boy, Akira, could see the abuse, why couldn't anyone else?

No, she knew the reason. Everyone saw the abuse; knew about it, but they all just...ignored it.
All because it was Kamoshida. All because he was an Olympic hotshot who took Shujin to
the Nationals.

He was beyond vindictive, beyond merciless. His abuse conditioned them all to stay silent,
even defend him, and anyone that his beatings didn't silence were simply expelled. That was
the kind of power that the man possessed.

 

It wasn't fair. All she wanted was to play volleyball!

 

Shiho hung her head, while her fists balled up in despair. She was at her wit's end. She just
wanted all of this to stop...

"Suzui..." Akira whispered. "You don't have to say anything, okay? We know what's going
on. And we're gonna get you out of this."

"H-Huh...?" Shiho asked, her eyes lined with unshed tears. "W-We...?"

"Me, Ryuji, and Ann." Akira specified. "We're conspiring to take Kamoshida down. All you
have to do is hold on, just a little while longer."

Truthfully, Akira wasn't sure that he should be telling Shiho this. The stuff that he was
planning on doing was super risky and likely illegal. But at the same time, he couldn't leave
the girl with nothing. He had to give her hope.

"A-Ann..." Shiho whispered to herself. Ann knew too?

Come to think of it, that phone call from a couple days ago...

Ah...it all made sense now. Why Ann was saying that stuff. Why she was so worried.



And all Shiho had done was push her away. She ignored her pleas, didn't pick up when she
called and avoided her in the halls.

All so Ann couldn't see just how broken she was. She was too ashamed for her best friend to
know—

 

"Ann won't judge you."

 

Shiho was hit with another wave of shock as Akira interrupted her thought process with a
sentence that struck her heart like an arrow. Could he read her mind or something?

"When you were called up to play, Ann was terrified for you. She was so scared that
Kamoshida was going to hurt you that I'm surprised she didn't storm the court and whisk you
away."

Even with the state of this conversation, Shiho couldn't help but feel her cheeks turn slightly
pink at that mental image.

"God...I'm such a bad friend..." Shiho eventually said. "All I've been doing is making Ann
worry about me."

Akira shook his head. "You're not a bad friend. You're in a terrible situation and just wanted
to keep your best friend out of it." He assured. "You're scared, and Ann is too. If you feel bad
about making her worry, maybe you should talk it out. And I guarantee that however that talk
goes, Ann will still be your friend at the end of it."

Something told him that Ann would have just as much to talk about with Shiho as Shiho did
for her.

It took all of the ponytailed girl's willpower to hold back the tears that were desperately
trying to fall. For so long, Shujin Academy had felt like hell on earth, solely because of
Kamoshida's turning her passion into a tortuous ordeal. But even amid her despair and her
anxieties, her heart felt...full.

 

There was someone here who could listen to the words that she could not speak.

Someone who could save her when she had long since given up on salvation.

 

As she reached up to wipe her eyes, Akira hummed awkwardly and glanced at the ceiling. He
didn't mean to make her cry. She could probably use a subject change.



"A-Ahem... Frankly, it was lucky that Kamoshida singled me out too, I wouldn't have been
able to protect you if I wasn't officially in the game." Akira commented.

Shiho managed to wipe the built-up moisture in her eyes and looked up at the boy with an
expression of curiosity. "Wh-Why do you think that he picked you as well...?" She asked.

 

To hurt Ann and make her more susceptible to obeying his orders.

 

"I'm the new school delinquent." Akira chose to say instead. "He probably just wanted to
boost his rep by taking down Shujin's Public Enemy Number One." He couldn't fully hide his
bitterness. Even if Kamoshida was brought to justice, Akira's criminal record would remain
looming over his head until he left. Kamoshida had really screwed him on that front.

"I don't know how those rumours even started..." Shiho suddenly said with a small amount of
fire. "Everyone says you're a delinquent and you do a bunch of illegal stuff...but you're
actually really nice," Shiho told him.

And that was something that Akira desperately needed to hear. The rumours hadn't slowed
down from the moment that he showed up for his first day here. It was honestly comical the
kinds of crimes that he had supposedly done. Everything from jaywalking to murder.

 

Yeah, pretty sure juvie wouldn't have let him out in that latter case...

 

"Tr-Try not to let the rumours get to you, okay? I mean, you'll probably get some nicer ones,
after everything you've shown today..." She gave him a small smile.

Akira answered in kind and gave Shiho a smile of his own. "Thanks. It makes me feel happy
to hear that. As happy as any shoplifting, drag racing, knife-toting serial killer can be." He
joked.

He was glad to see Shiho's cheeks puff up and to hear the girl give an unrefined and
exasperated "Pfffft!"

 

It was a nice sound.

 

It took a second for Shiho to get herself back under control before she resumed speaking.



"You know...Ann was the same..." She said with a sad smile. "She’s constantly misunderstood
because of her looks, due to her being a quarter American and three-quarters Japanese." She
admitted.

She gave her head a shake. "Having hurtful rumours like that in circulation, because of
circumstances beyond your control..." She trailed off.

"You were there for her, weren't you?" Akira questioned.

Shiho didn't give an explicit answer to that question, but her slightly bashful expression
spoke volumes.

"J-Just um...just don't let them get you down..." She eventually said.

Akira nodded and was about to open his mouth when the referee suddenly spoke.

"Attention, everyone! The rally has officially concluded! Thank you all for participating!
There are no further classes for today, so unless you have club activities, you may go home!"

Ah, that was right. They didn't have any classes after the rally today. They were free to leave.
Well, for however much he hated Kamoshida, at least they got to leave school early, and
show him a student that didn't like leaving school early.

He supposed that he should meet back up with Ann and Ryuji and see what they managed to
uncover.

"Well then, Suzui..." Akira nodded to her "I hope you can patch things up with Ann. I can tell
that you both care too much about each other for this to tear you apart." Akira told her with a
firm expression.

Such a direct statement caught Shiho off guard, but the battered girl soon gave her head a
slow nod. Akira was right. She should talk to Ann. Tell her everything. She knew she could
trust her.

Geez, it shouldn't have taken a random boy to tell her that; she should have known that from
the outset.

"I-I will. And Kurusu?"

"Yeah?"

Shiho gave him a wonderful, bright smile. Even amongst all of the bruises, it was practically
iridescent.

"Thank you...for saving me!"

 

A smile as radiant as any star...



That loathsome brat...

 

That vile brat...

 

That arrogant brat...

 

That despicable brat...

 

That foul brat...

 

That sickening brat...

 

THAT FUCKING BRAT!!!

 

If Kamoshida's self-control had been even an iota weaker, the man would have put a hole in
the wall of the P.E. Faculty Office, thrown his papers around, and broken the nose of anyone
who came to check out the commotion.

 

How dare he?

 

How fucking DARE he!?

 

Kamoshida knew that letting that transfer student into his school was a mistake from the get-
go, but that walking tub of lard who called himself the Principal had justified it; calling it an
opportunity to boost Shujin's reputation.

That was what he was here for, dipstick!

He was all the reputation boost that Shujin needed. He was Shujin's golden child. He was the
one who carried this damn school!



Kamoshida had reluctantly backed down the more inevitable that Kurusu's transfer became.
He should have opposed it more. The only reason why he didn't was because he felt that no
matter what the delinquent threw at him, he would be able to keep the brat in line, if not
through fear, then through physical abuse, like what he'd attempted today.

But what the hell was THAT?!

Kurusu had completely turned the game on its head the second that he stepped into the court.
He turned what should have been a landslide victory into a humiliating defeat.

He stole the spotlight, ruined his plans, and shamed him at the one thing that he was
supposed to be better at than anyone else.

 

And the worst thing was that the brat somehow knew.

 

He knew of his plan to hurt him and Shiho to torment Ann, probably not the full scope, but
Kurusu at least knew that he was intentionally looking to hurt them. The pre-emptive plays
that he made were inexplicable otherwise.

He protected Suzui every single time. And all while having that same, damnable smirk on his
face that made Kamoshida wish that he could beat it into a bloody pulp. He had intentionally
humiliated him, and that was a sin of the highest order.

Perhaps in another life, Kamoshida would have actually sought the boy out for the team.
Delinquent he may have been, but his fitness and his talent in volleyball were undeniable. He
could have carried them beyond the Nationals and into the Internationals.

But no. That bridge had been burned and replaced with an impassible void. He was going to
fucking end that kid!

The man took a deep breath that did little to loosen his fists or teeth.

Oh yes, he was going to make Kurusu pay, but he wasn't satisfied with just him.

Suzui had made some unforgivable plays against him. Working together with Kurusu was
more than enough to land him on his shit list. She would not avoid the punishment she was
denied.

Takamaki, the bitch who continuously rejected his advances. He gave her all his attention and
she still rejected him. It was only through his grace that her best friend was even on the team!

And Sakamoto...well he didn't really know where he fit into all this, but he did notice the boy
hanging around Takamaki, so he needed to go. Kamoshida was tired of looking at the
repugnant, vulgar blonde anyway. He needed to go ASAP.

 



It was all their fault...

 

It was all their fault!

 

He was the only one who was blameless in all this.

 

God, he needed an outlet. His anger warranted some serious self-satisfaction, and for him, he
sought that under the skirts of innocent high school girls.

Well now, there was an idea. He had run out of patience concerning her anyway.

With a maniacal grin, Kamoshida's hand slipped into his pocket and pulled out his phone.

He had a call to make.

"HA HA HA! Holy shit, this is awesome!"

"Ryuji! Don't yell out loud in here, it's embarrassing!"

"Aw, come on! We're students. Nobody cares. More importantly, Akira, you gotta send me
this video, dude!"

Akira chuckled as he lifted a fry into his mouth. "I thought you'd like it." He said.

It had been a little over an hour since the volleyball rally had ended, and the students were
allowed to leave. Of course, Ryuji and Ann had wasted no time in regrouping with Akira.

Since hanging around the school wasn't exactly viable right now, they needed a place to
debrief, and Ryuji had suggested the local Big Bang Burger. It was a common place for
students to hang out, so it seemed like the best place for them to talk about their situation. So
long as they were quiet, which Ryuji was decidedly NOT being.

"Ya thought right! Look at his face! That spin you put on it at the end was insane!" The blond
cried. Ryuji definitely felt on cloud nine right now. Kamoshida had been destroyed by Akira's
plays, and he deserved every single point lost.

Being able to watch his new friend tear Kamoshida up on that course definitely filled him
with a sense of vindictive glee.

"She's okay..." Ann suddenly whispered with a voice so quiet that the others barely heard her.
But it was clear that she was relieved. "Shiho's okay..."



Ann had watched the video all the way through, scrubbing through every second to ensure
that Shiho didn't get assaulted by any of Kamoshida's spikes. It had been beyond difficult to
try and focus on gathering testimonies while her mind was stuck on her best friend. She had
been so anxious during their interrogations that she had to run to the bathroom to take a break
in between.

Turns out all that anxiety was unneeded.

 

Akira kept his promise. Akira kept Shiho safe.

 

The boys both looked towards the model as she gazed down at the table. The stress that had
built up during the volleyball rally seemed to melt away and left a serene expression behind.

"Akira...thank you. Thank you so much..." Ann gazed at Akira with teary, sapphire eyes. "I
don't know how I can ever repay you."

"Well, you can start by buying him a meal; dude, stop stealing my fries!" Ryuji tactlessly
spoke up as he slapped away an attempt from Akira to nick some of his fries.

"Come on, it's not like I can buy my own fries, I'm broke, remember?"

"You still haven't paid me back for the Stama-whatever!"

"It's Staminan, and I will. But right now, that's the past. The fries are now."

"Yeah, but you're feeding like, half of 'em to the cat!"

"It's Morgana!" An irritated feline poked his head out of the bag, glaring at Ryuji. His anger
was quelled as Akira subtly slipped him another fry.

"Morgana recorded the video, he deserves some fries," Akira said.

"All he did was hold the 'effing phone still!"

"And what else could he have done, Ryuji?" Akira asked innocently.

There was also the matter that he didn't actually have much to feed the cat with, but they
didn't need to know that. It took a lot of nerve to do it, but Akira had saved his dinner until
Sojiro went home for the night and managed to share it with Morgana. He didn't really have
any other options to feed him until he started making some Metaverse money.

He'd take beating up supernatural beings with bottomless wallets over part-time any day.

Ryuji groaned and shovelled a load of his own fries into his mouth before the duo could get
their hands on them.



"Charming..." Ann groaned, taking a quick glance around, hoping that nobody was seeing the
savage that she was associating with. Once she verified that, she turned back to Akira.

"Still, I didn't know that you were so good at volleyball. I mean, you said that you never
played before, but that had to be a lie, right?" She asked.

To her surprise though, Akira shook his head. "No, it was the truth." He replied. "I was fit
enough to keep up with him and I normally pick stuff up pretty easily. From there, it was just
instincts and guts." He admitted with a shrug of his shoulders.

Ryuji managed to swallow his mouthful of cholesterol and frowned at Akira. "Well... yeah,
but... Kamoshida's a whole-ass athlete with a ton of experience and you were playing his
game. You were really able to beat him like that?"

 

Akira blinked.

 

The world darkened.

 

And he could see everything. He could see the fly on the wall at the opposite end of the
restaurant—every individual spittle of oil as fries were dipped into a deep fryer—the
stubborn grease stain clinging onto an employee's black apron—the footprints left behind by
a hurried office worker who only dropped in to grab a cup of coffee—everything as if in slow
motion—all apparent—all revealed to him—!

 

"...I had to. No matter what, I couldn't let that bastard win. That's all there is to it."

As if flicking a switch, the darkness receded and Akira's vision returned to normal.

"Huh..." Ryuji muttered and scratched his cheek. "Well, if you say so..." He replied.

"Well, if you ask me, I think it's fantastic!" Morgana announced. "That raw talent and
adaptability will help us loads when we infiltr—mrrrrww!?"

Before the cat could continue speaking Akira took the initiative to stuff his mouth with a load
of fries, similar to what Ryuji had done. It caused Morgana to grunt and look up at Akira with
a perturbed glance.

Akira glared right back, however. "You're the one who said that we couldn't talk about that
stuff with you-know-who," Akira whispered to the cat.

Immediately, Morgana's eyes widened as he looked to the now curious Ann. He...did say that,
didn't he? Ashamed, the feline lowered his head and silently munched on his edible gag.



"Huh?" What's this about?" Ann asked, quirking her brow. Akira cursed. Thanks, Morgana...

"It's...nothing that you need to worry about Ann, so just drop it, okay?" He requested firmly.
He wanted to keep Ann out of this as much as possible. She'd been through enough.

"Um...okay...?" the blonde replied. Luckily, she didn't seem to think much of the interaction,
which Akira was certainly thankful for.

He sighed. They needed to get this conversation back on track.

"Anyway, now that we've reviewed the reasons why Kamoshida's probably imagining my
head on a pike as we speak, how about we discuss the progress that you two made on
gathering testimony?" Akira suggested.

Though, from the crestfallen expressions from both blondes, it was easy to deduce how that
went.

"A-About that..."

"No one spilled a damn thing!" Ryuji interrupted Ann. "We went to all the people that we saw
a copy of in the castle. Every single one of them were totally messed up. Bandages, bruises,
the whole lot!" Ryuji said in an irritated tone.

"We asked about their injuries, and if Kamoshida was abusing them, but anything we asked,
they outright denied," Ann added. "The match went on for a while, so we were able to talk to
a bunch of volleyball players, and none of them said anything incriminating. The most we got
were some nervous looks."

"So, no one talked?" Akira specified.

"Actually, we did get something. Sorta." Ryuji corrected. "You remember Mishima, the guy
that took Kamoshida's monster spike to the face?" Ryuji asked.

Akira gave a second-hand wince of pain and then nodded. Yeah, he remembered that poor
dude.

"Well, we caught him leaving the nurse's office, and Ann got him to talk. He said..." Ryuji
trailed off as his fists balled up. "...he said that proving Kamoshida's abuse was pointless
because everybody knows about it!"

"So he confirmed it, but he has no intention of helping us. Lotta good that does." Akira
sighed and leaned back in his chair. "Still, I can't blame them. Kamoshida's broken all the
volleyball team members down so thoroughly that their fear of him outweighs their desire for
the abuse to end." He grunted.

That man was devilish, ruthless and cunning. He had taken every opportunity to establish
himself as an immutable, untouchable presence throughout the entire academy, from taking
the volleyball team to Nationals to breaking Ryuji's leg with no consequence.



Nobody had curbed him, nobody had stopped him, and now, the man was too powerful. The
only way to stop him now make him tear himself down.

And there was only one way they could do that.

"Dammit!" Ryuji cursed with a frustrated expression.

"Well, I'd say that Plan A is a failure," Akira murmured, shaking his head. Instantly, and
rather predictably Ryuji whipped his head around to Akira.

"What?! No, we can't give up that fast. We...We can give the team members another shot,
can't we? Give them time to come around? We must've gotten 'em thinking or something?"
The blond reasoned.

"Ryuji..." Akira sighed. "Those team members have probably been "thinking" ever since the
abuse started. But they won't do anything..."

He couldn't help but think of Shiho, and remember the broken smile upon her tired face.

"They can't do anything."

"But..." Ryuji tried to raise his voice in denial, but all that left his mouth was a squeak.

"And the longer we leave this, the more they'll get hurt. The more Ann has to deal with
Kamoshida's shit." Akira gripped his fist tightly. "We can either try the team again and risk
having it end as fruitlessly as it did before. Or..."

He leaned in close to Ryuji, glaring at him with pure seriousness.

"...we can move onto Plan B, and stop this right now."

Akira leaned back in his seat with a grunt. He didn't like to be a hardass, but Ryuji needed to
look at the reality of the situation.

Akira had given him his chance. He had bought them time to question the volleyball team
members, even placed a bigger target on himself. But he couldn't in good conscience keep
humouring Ryuji's well-natured, but ultimately useless attempts to take Kamoshida down the
normal way.

No. Ann, Shiho, everyone...all of them had seen enough hell.

Silence washed over the booth, as everyone pondered Akira's stance. There was such
conviction and determination behind it that Ann, Ryuji and Morgana each struggled to find
their words.

 

The drive to make things better.

 



The will to do what must be done.

 

And the resolve to see it through until the very end.

 

Akira...held the aura of a leader.

 

Finally, Ryuji found his voice.

"Haaaah...! Godammit, you're right..." He grumbled, frantically combing his hand through his
blond hair. He couldn't really be mad. Deep down, not even he had believed that making the
other team members testify would work. But it just felt less shitty to try things the right way
first.

But if the right way was ever going to work, it should have been when he lost his ability to
run.

"We're all in agreement then?" Morgana asked, his blue eyes narrowed.

"Wait!" Ann cried as she slammed her hands on the table. It made the two boys and cat jump
a little at the suddenness. A few people even looked over, but soon realised that the
commotion wasn't important and simply returned to their meals.

"You guys have been talking back and forth about 'Plan B this' and 'Plan B that', but you
haven't let me in on it at all!" The twin-tailed blonde hissed. Thankfully, she had the presence
of mind to lower her voice after the initial outburst.

"Ann, we talked about this already. You can't help with Plan B!" Akira scolded her.

"I have just as big a stake in this as you guys do. I deserve the chance to take him down!"
Ann retorted.

"I agree, completely," Akira stated, catching Ann off guard. "But I can't, in good conscience,
let you participate. Hell, I'm barely okay with Ryuji being in on it."

"Hey!" Ryuji grunted in indignation.

"No offence, it's just that you're not as good at that kinda stuff yet."

"You're just as new as I am!"

"I have experience, you've got gusto. Both are good, but I know where I'd place my bets."

"Che! Whatever..."



"Guys, come on! Whatever it is, you can trust me!" Ann insisted, leaning in close to Akira. If
she could just convince him then—

 

Ting-a-ling-a-ling!

 

Ting-a-ling-a-ling!

 

Ann paused upon hearing the ringtone and glanced at her side. Her phone was going off.
Ugh, why now of all times?

"Do you need to take that?" Akira asked.

"Hmpf! It's probably my agency wondering when I'm free next," Ann grunted as she dug into
her pocket to take out her phone. "Give me a sec to take care of..."

Akira and Ryuji immediately knew that something was wrong as soon as Ann looked at her
phone screen. Blood drained from her face and her pupils dilated in clear panic

"Ann, what's wrong?!" Akira asked. He couldn't fight the sudden bad feeling building within
his gut.

"I-It's..." the pale-faced girl looked at Akira with wide, frightened eyes. "... it's
Kamoshida...!"

And immediately, everyone's senses were set alight with alarm.

"The dickhead's callin' you!?" Ryuji hissed. "How did he even get your number?"

"I-I held off on giving him my number for the longest time, but he was just so persistent.
He... blackmailed me into giving it." Ann admitted.

"Bastard!" Morgana cursed.

The phone kept on ringing, and all everyone could do was stare at it, with none of them
knowing how to approach it.

For all the torment that Kamoshida put Ann through, nobody could blame the girl if she
simply declined the call. But she couldn't keep anxiety from gnawing at her mind. There was
always the possibility that Kamoshida would try something, and in that case, was it not better
to know what was coming?

Ann wasn't sure that she would have had the strength to answer the call alone. Too many
times, she had been forced to find comfort under her quilt after Kamoshida had gotten in
contact with her to describe the disgusting things he wished to do to her.



 

One could forgive Ann for wishing to ignore the call.

 

But she wasn't alone. Brown, blue and grey eyes stared into her own, while a firm hand
clasped over her own.

She looked to the owner to find Akira, his expression soothing, yet serious. "You can do it,
Ann." He whispered. "Get him on loudspeaker so we can hear too. Don't worry, we'll be here
the whole time." He assured her.

Ann bit her bottom lip and gripped Akira's hand tightly.

 

She could do this.

 

She could do this...!

 

She used her other hand to answer the call, loudspeaker enabled.

 

"H-Hello?"

"Takamaki. For a moment, I thought that you were going to let me go to voicemail!"
Kamoshida's voice blared through the speaker. He addressed Ann like they were old friends
or something.

"What do you want, Kamoshida?" Ann asked, trying to keep her voice even and breathing
steady.

Instead of answering, Kamoshida asked another question.

"Where are you right now?"

Ann swallowed. "I'm... I'm doing a shoot right now. This is cutting into my break, so can you
make this quick?" She lied.

"Oh Ann..." Kamoshida used her given name like Ann had given him permission. Malicious
chuckles practically leaked from the phone. "...the funny thing about that is that I just
finished a phone call with the director of the magazine. He said that you didn't have any
shoots scheduled until next week. Don't worry though, I made sure to mention that I was your



teacher and that your constant shoots were causing you to fall behind in your classes. So, he
cancelled your upcoming shifts. You've got a full calendar free, Ann!"

Ann froze and her eyes shot wide open. She could see Ryuji whispering a muted "What the
'effing hell!?" And Akira's expression was pulled into a tight grimace.

She turned back to the phone. "That was none of your business! Y-Y-You had no right to do
that!" She hissed, not even bothering to hide how appalled she was.

"Please," Kamoshida scoffed. "Like that'd stop me. I was getting so fucking tired of hearing
that excuse over and over. Well, guess what? Now you don't have an excuse."

"B-But I—!"

"Shut up!" Kamoshida growled. "I showered you with attention! I gave your worthless friend
a spot on MY volleyball team, and you still tried to blow me off!"

"That's not—"

"Well, I'm done waiting. You're gonna give yourself to me, and you're going to do it now! Or
your best friend can kiss her starter position goodbye! As well as any starter position she can
possibly find afterwards!"

The table creaked a little under Akira's grip. So…that was how Kamoshida was trying to
force Ann into having a relationship with him. He was holding Shiho's position; her entire
future of volleyball hostage!

He was angry. So angry. It took all he had to keep his rage concealed. He couldn't imagine
how Ann was feeling.

"Wh-! That's not...! Th-This has nothing to do with Shiho!" Ann cried.

"Oh yes the hell it does. Your delinquent friend was protecting her all throughout the match.
And he fucking won at the same time. You want her to stay on the team? Then be a good bitch
and do what I say, before I lose what little generosity I have left."

Ryuji was having a hellish time trying to keep his own mouth shut. Kamoshida couldn't know
that they were also listening in on this call, but there was no denying that he was furious too.

"This is what's going to happen. The second this phone call ends, you're going to go straight
to my place and wait for me to arrive. I don't think I need to say what we'll be doing..."
Kamoshida ordered. Ann gave a deflated gasp in horror. Nobody at this table was ignorant of
what the scumbag was planning.

"Then, the next day, you're going to walk back into school like nothing ever happened. If you
even try to tell anyone about this, I'll expel both of you. And not just you, but those Dumb and
Dumber pests who've been hanging around you lately. You're going to have to ditch them too,
by the way." He told her.



Horrified didn't even begin to describe how Ann felt. The sheer callousness of Kamoshida as
he blatantly told her to do something that would tear her life to shreds was enough to make
her feel sick.

She looked at Akira and Ryuji, and she felt oddly comforted in their rage. Akira's grip on the
table only tightened further, but his grasp on her hand remained supportive and gentle.

And Ann's dry mouth began to speak words she never thought she would.

 

"I dare you..."

 

"What?"

After that bastard had gone and said all that shit, Ann somehow found the strength to fight
back.

An ember of something was stirring within her heart...

"Shiho is...a wonderful volleyball player! That team of yours wouldn't last two seconds in the
competitive scene without her! If you take her off, it's your foot that you're shooting!" She
declared, staring daggers into the phone.

"All the disgusting crap that you've put me through...I've had enough, Kamoshida!" Ann spat
the name as if it were poison.

"Y-You've had—! Oh, you...bitch!" Kamoshida snarled. His voice had dropped, and his tone
had completely changed, an authoritative and smug voice bleeding away into something low
and quiet.

And then...he began to chuckle. A chilling, malicious cackle that caused the group's blood to
run cold.

"You know what, Ann? That's fine! You want nothing to do with me? I'll just find someone
else!" Kamoshida told them in too cheery a tone.

"Wh-What?!"

"Yes! I have my pick of all the girls in Shujin. But who to choose to be my new cocksleeve...?"
He asked in a condescending tone. "Oh! I have a special girl in mind..." He hummed
tauntingly. They could all hear his shit-eating grin.

Ann grit her teeth at Kamoshida's declaration. What did he mean by—?"

...

Oh god...



 

Oh GOD...!

 

"You wouldn't...!" She whispered into the receiver. Her earlier fire was nowhere to be heard
in her voice, now replaced with unbridled fear.

"You thought you could be a big girl and throw me aside, like that would solve all of your
problems. But that's not how this world works, Ann. I take what I want, when I want, and you
shitty little brats can't stop me!" Kamoshida said. "And if you think you can..."

From Kamoshida's end, there was the sound of a knocking at the door.

"Come in!" The teacher called, which was then followed by the sound of a door sliding open.

"U-Um, excuse me, you wanted to see me, Kamoshida-sensei?" A male, timid voice asked.
One that Akira remembered took attendance on his first day at Shujin.

"That voice...it's Mishima...!" Ryuji whispered under his breath.

"Ah, Mishima, perfect timing! Please find Suzui and tell her that I would like to see her in my
office immediately for...special training" Kamoshida ordered the boy.

"Y-Yes, Kamoshida-sensei. Right away."

A few seconds of silence passed, only being broken by the door of Kamoshida's office
closing behind the dejected boy.

"No...you can't! Please!" Ann begged. Her horrified cry was only met with a cocky scoff.

"I'm...I'm gonna call the police!" She tried desperately, but she knew that it was a failing play
the second the words left her mouth.

"Hahaha! How many times do you think I've gotten away with this? The police roll over for
money and the Principal's got deep pockets. Report me all you like."

The Principal knew about this shit!? That this despicable, unforgivable man was abusing and
sexually harassing students. Hiding the crime? Drowning testimonies in money?

"Face it, Ann. You won't; you can't do anything. Unless you want to take her place? A good
friend would do anything to keep her safe, right?"

Frustrated, anguished tears ran down Ann's cheeks. How? How was a man this evil allowed
to exist? It wasn't fair!

She wanted to scream. She wanted to be sick. She wanted to save Shiho with all her heart.
She wanted everything to just stop!



And yet, here she sat, only able to tremble and sob silently as Kamoshida gave her the choice
to give up herself, or her best friend.

 

Desperately, she glanced at her friends.

 

Ryuji's expression was contorted into a look of pure outrage. Keeping quiet this long was
seemingly getting to him, and he was reaching his limit.

Morgana's fur was bristled, and he glared at the phone with as much hatred and fury as a cat
possibly could.

And Akira...

 

…

 

Wasn't there...?

 

"Argh! Watch where you're going, you punk!"

The trio found themselves all looking down the corridor of the restaurant, towards the
commotion. They saw a large man in a flowered shirt rubbing his bicep and looking towards
the entrance.

They also saw a flash of a Shujin uniform and a lock of frizzy hair as the person shot through
the automatic doors and started tearing down the street.

"Huh? Akira, where are you going!?" Ryuji called out to the sprinting teen, only to get no
answer.

"Why did he...?" Ann asked with a shaky voice. It had happened so fast that she had only
managed to catch a brief glimpse of his face.

It was an expression that she had never seen him wear.

Akira was not the type to smile all the time, but she had come to recognise the small, polite
smirks and subtle grins that he gave.

 

This wasn't one of those.



 

His face was devoid of expression. The only feature that even hinted at an emotion was the
burning anger in his grey eyes.

 

He was furious. Immeasurably so.

 

"There's only one place I think he'd go. We gotta get to Shujin. Now!" Morgana announced.

"Wh-What the hell's going on?! Was that Sakamoto!? This was supposed to be a private talk,
you bit—"

"Enough outta you, asshole!" Ryuji grunted as he hit the End Call button on Ann's phone. He
then reached over and grabbed Akira's bag with Morgana ducking his head inside.

"Ann, c'mon! We gotta follow him!" Ryuji urged her.

Ann stared at the two for a moment, and then quickly wiped away the tears staining her
cheeks.

"R-Right, let's go!" She replied.

Idiot! Idiot! Idiot!

 

Akira repeatedly cursed himself while sprinting as fast as he was able. People, buildings cars;
all of them morphed into blurs and colours around him.

This was all his fault! All his fucking fault!

 

Moron! Moron! Moron!

 

Damn it! Kamoshida was an asshole, but at least he wasn't actively on the warpath before.

Why did he have to beat Kamoshida at volleyball? His only goal was to protect Shiho. He
hadn't thought that the repercussions would come so hard and fast. He just had to show him
up, antagonise him. Of course the bastard would be spurred into action.

 

Dumbass! Dumbass! Dumbass!



 

And now, Kamo-fucking-Shida had Shiho in his sights. Ann's best friend. A sweet girl who
was currently heading towards a fate worse than death.

He couldn't let that happen! He couldn’t let that human filth touch a single hair on her head!

This was his mistake. It was up to him to clean it up.

He had already checked the trains on his phone. The next one to Aoyama-Itchome wouldn't
leave for the next ten minutes, and wouldn't arrive at school for another five. That wouldn't
be enough time. He had to leg it!

If he pushed Rush Style to its limit, he could probably get there in ten minutes, but he had no
guarantee that it wouldn't already be too late for Shiho by the time she got there.

And yet, it was all he could do.

 

So he ran.

 

"Please let me make it in time."

 

And he prayed.

 

"PLEASE LET ME MAKE IT IN TIME!

 



Chapter 6: Dragon Fury
Chapter Summary

The chapter that anybody who reads a Persona/Yakuza fanfiction is ultimately waiting
for. Don't lie.

Sorry that this chapter is shorter than usual, it was meant to be longer, but I wanted to get
something out before Christmas. I hope that all of you who have followed this story for the
year enjoy this early Christmas present, and I can't wait to continue our adventure next year!
Here we go!

Shiho did not consider herself a remarkable girl.

That wasn't self-deprecation on her part, she just genuinely didn't believe that she was special
in any particular field.

She wasn't pretty, like Ann. Even if she weren't covered in bruises all the time, she'd still
consider herself average at best.

She wasn't overly intelligent. In their last exam, she had to look a long way down the
scoreboard to find her own name. She still beat Ann though, so ha!

No. She was nothing more than an average schoolgirl. She woke up, went to school, went
home. Just like everyone else. In terms of being remarkable, she didn't have much.

But she did have volleyball. Volleyball was the one thing that she was good at. It gave her
purpose. Made her feel special. So when Kamoshida, an Olympic-level volleyball player
came to Shujin, she thought that she was lucky.

It took only one session of training for her to realise just how wrong she was.

Kamoshida was everything that a coach wasn't supposed to be. He was cruel, harsh, and
demanding. He pushed her and her team members way beyond their limits. He insulted and
abused them for the tiniest of mistakes, and he...looked at the girls on the team with eyes that
made her want to run home and take a cold shower.

With his status as a famous athlete, any attempts to reach out, to ask for help, were
unsuccessful. Parents, teachers, even the police didn't do anything. Nobody cared for them.
Nobody would save them. Kamoshida was untouchable in his abuse. Someone whom mere
teenagers couldn't possibly overcome. Eventually, they stopped trying, broken by the man's
diabolical treatment.



It was an awful time, and it only became worse when he started singling her out. He became
even more critical of her very minor mistakes and brought her on for more matches against
him than she could handle. She had become intimately familiar with the sensation of a
volleyball hitting her face at eighty miles an hour.

Every day, she was called in for more training, unable to take even a single day off.

Every day, she woke up with new bruises on top of her old ones, while dreading the afternoon
to come.

And every day, she felt herself get farther and farther away from her best friend.

Those halcyon days of chatting about insignificant nothings in the mall with Ann while they
ate crepes felt so far away.

She missed them so much.

And now...she feared the possibility that they would never return.

Mishima had just spoken to her, told her that Kamoshida wished to see her in his office.
Amongst the volleyball team, there were rumours about what happened if Kamoshida invited
you in there. None of them were good.

Needless to say, the girl was utterly terrified. She stayed sitting on the bench in the courtyard,
staring ahead at nothing while her anxieties devoured her from the inside.

What was Kamoshida going to do to her?

Shiho barely registered Mishima as he scurried away from her. He knew what part he had
played, and he immediately tried to distance himself from it.

Mishima always was easy for Kamoshida to control. He got almost as much "extra training"
as she did.

She grit her teeth desperately. How she wished that she had the option of running. How she
wished to flee from Kamoshida's grasp and never return. But she couldn't. None of them
could.

She found herself digging into her pocket and pulling out her phone. Numbly, she navigated
to her contacts, where Ann was at the top of the list. Fifteen missed calls from her and nine
text messages. All of them ignored by her.

She was so stupid. Ann had been beyond worried for her, and all Shiho had done was ignore
her. Even now, when all she wanted was to hear her best friend's voice, her finger refused to
hit the Call button. Refused to even type out a single message. She had no courage left.

If only Ann was here right now. Maybe if she were, Shiho could tell her everything. About
the abuse, how sorry she was, how much she wished to run away from all of this.

...but Ann wasn't here.



She was all alone.

All alone.

He ran through the streets, his mind frantic. He dodged and weaved through the people in his
way and dashed through crosswalks without waiting for the green light. He had no time to
lose. He was a couple blocks out from Aoyama-Itchome. Come on!

Shiho curled up on the bench and let tears fall while resting the phone on her forehead.

"Ann..." She whimpered.

Maybe...maybe this was for the best? All she had been to Ann was a burden. Perhaps it was
time for her to be removed.

Ann would be alright, right? After all, she had Sakamoto. And Kurusu. That wonderful boy
who tried to help her in the match today. She would always be grateful to him for trying in
that regard, but in the end, taking down someone as powerful as Kamoshida was a naive goal.
A naive, beautiful goal.

Still, he'd be able to protect her, and maybe even watch as she became the greatest model
who ever lived. Ann deserved that much.

Yeah...it was better this way. If only she could trick herself into believing that.

She should go. Kamoshida punished tardiness. She tried to dry her eyes to make it look like
she hadn't been crying. Kamoshida also punished tears.

The girl slipped her phone back into her pocket and stood up from the bench. She took a
moment to steel herself. She needed a lot more than a moment, but that was all she would
get.

And so, the young girl with dragging feet and lifeless eyes made her way out of the
courtyard...

He could see the turn at the end of the street! The turn into Aoyama-Itchome!

She walked down the near-empty halls of Shujin Academy...

He skidded to a stop, his shoes scraping the pavement for only a moment before he turned left
and continued to run as fast as his legs could take him...

She took a look up the stairs and shivered slightly before ascending them. The irony of going
up a level only to descend into Hell was not lost on her...

Shujin! Shujin was right there! He was exhausted, with lungs and legs screaming in pain, but
he pushed forward. He couldn't stop. He couldn't!

She arrived at the second floor and looked down the hallway. She could already see the blue
door to the P.E. Faculty Office. Suppressing one last wave of dread, the girl walked forth,



accompanied by nothing but the sound of her shoes on the wooden floor.

He burst through the Shujin gates, pushing by and frightening any students who were leaving
late. He couldn't care less it spurned several new rumours about his delinquency. All he
cared about was the fact that he was nearly there...!

Shiho stood before the blue door, abuzz with anxieties and nerves. Kamoshida was behind it,
waiting, like a spider with its web. And Shiho was the fly that was about to walk straight into
it.

The horrors that awaited her in there...she knew she wouldn't be coming out the same girl.
And even if she shouted to the heavens about everything that happened in this room today, no
one would believe her.

No one would care.

She knocked.

"Ka-Kamoshida-sensei...? I'm here for... special training." She announced with a voice barely
above a whisper. She had hoped that maybe Kamoshida hadn't heard her, and that she would
be given an excuse to flee. But all hopes of escape were crushed as the door was slid open,
and the towering, imposing figure of Kamoshida appeared before her.

"Ah, Suzui. So glad that you could join me. Please, come in. We have a lot to talk about
concerning today's match..." Kamoshida gave her a dangerous smile as he gestured into the
room. Shiho couldn't help but notice that the other hand was positioned directly on the door's
lock.

She swallowed. There was no turning back. No escape. No salvation.

So, into the web she walked, the door closing behind her...

But before it fully slid closed, a hand suddenly slipped through the crack and gripped the
door like it was a rock in the middle of a stormy ocean. Then, it was thrown back open with a
resounding crash that echoed through the hall.

"SUZUI!"

And standing in the doorway haggard and panting, but with eyes alight like molten metal,
was Akira.

He'd made it. He'd made it!

The relief that he felt as he saw Shiho staring at him in stupefaction was unimaginable.
Nothing had happened yet, she was untouched. She was alright!

On the other hand, Kamoshida's shock at the sudden intrusion quickly melted away into a
cold fury, similar to the one that he'd incited at the match earlier.



"Kurusu." He snarled. "So, you must've been listening in on my chat with Ann too. Clearly,
the youth of today aren't big on privacy."

Akira didn't dignify that statement with a reply. Instead, he reached out and gripped Shiho's
wrist before she could even squeak in protest. He then dragged her behind him, shielding her
from Kamoshida's gaze and his attempts to pull her back towards him.

"K-Kurusu?" Shiho whispered. "What's going on?"

"It's okay, Suzui. You're gonna be just fine." Akira replied without glancing in her direction.
He kept his face locked with the infuriated Kamoshida, who was barely managing to keep his
cool.

"Kurusu, what exactly are you doing?" The coach practically growled. "Suzui and I have a
very important meeting today, and your presence is neither welcome nor required. Leave.
Now." He commanded in a low voice.

Akira glared at the man and dug his feet into the ground. He had to be prepared in case this
got physical.

"No." He stated firmly. "I'm not going anywhere. I'd rather die than leave her in the hands of
a scumbag rapist like you."

He heard Shiho gasp behind him. Deep down she knew that was what would most likely
happen to her, but to hear it said out loud made her skin crawl nonetheless.

If she made it through this, then she'd be thanking every single god she could think of tonight
for Kurusu's timely rescue.

Akira's declaration caused Kamoshida's expression to switch to feigned innocence. "Hey
now, I'd be careful what kinds of accusations you throw around. You could probably piss the
wrong people off. I mean, me? A rapist?"

"I was listening in on your conversation, remember? I know exactly what you were planning
on doing to Suzui." Akira hissed.

"Hmpf, you must have misheard. Or you're just stirring up the pot like the delinquent you
are." Kamoshida scoffed. He was trying to get a rise out of Akira.

He needn't have bothered. Akira had already reached the very limits of his tolerance towards
the despicable man.

"I didn't mishear. Unless you want to tell me that "Cocksleeve" is just how you address your
right hand." Akira jabbed.

Of course, that remark pissed Kamoshida off and he leaned in closer, almost enough that
Akira was able to gag on his foul breath.

"You think you're a smartass, huh? Well that conversation's not proof of anything. If you
think it can be used as evidence against—"



"I didn't come here to throw proof at your feet just so you could sweep it under the rug like
you always fucking do." Akira interrupted. "I'm here to save Suzui. Now back off. Or else."

Akira's warning was met with a condescending chuckle.

"Cute." Kamoshida gave Akira a sadistic grin. "You actually think you can do something to
me. Well, let me tell you this: this is my school. My word is law. I can take whatever I
want...and that includes your future."

Akira's glare darkened further. "You'd expel me?"

Kamoshida's grin only grew wider. "Once they see that you've violated your probation, you'll
be sent straight to juvie. Who do you think the jury will listen to, a shitty delinquent, or a
renowned volleyball coach? No one will listen to a criminal like you." Kamoshida told Akira
gleefully.

"And while I'm at it, I'll push for Sakamoto and Takamaki's expulsion as well. They're no use
to me. May as well send them to the gutter!" He added.

"A-Ann!?" Shiho squeaked. "No! You can't do—"

"Shut up, or you'll be next on the chopping block, Suzui!" Kamoshida snapped at the girl,
who gave a quiet whimper.

Akira felt his fury rise by yet another level. It looked like Kamoshida wouldn't be satisfied
until he had ruined all their lives.

"But I'll tell you what, Kurusu. Since I'm feeling generous, I'm willing to let this clear
infraction on your part, go. All you have to do is turn around, pretend this never happened,
and leave Suzui and I be." He said. "Surely, even an imbecile like you should know what the
right move is..." The man gloated.

Oh, this felt good. Kamoshida had done this many times before. In fact, he took genuine joy
out of it. To manipulate innocent youths, to throw them into situations where they would be
forced to make impossible choices and turn on each other.

And the kid before him definitely deserved some of that mental anguish.

But then again, it wasn't like his choice would matter anyway. There was only one way this
kind of thing went: the Kamoshida way.

For a minute, all was silent.

Kamoshida stared down the kid, waiting for that determination to leave his eyes, to watch
those silly fantasies of heroism bleed out to be replaced by visions of imprisonment.

Yet Akira didn't back down. Didn't say anything in response. He just looked at him like he
was the scum of the earth.



How dare he look at him with eyes like that! Where was the dread? Where was the fear? Was
this kid messed up in the head?

Kamoshida finally lost his patience. If the brat was just going to stand there like a dumbass,
then he was just wasting his time. He was tossing him out of here.

"Didn't you hear me?" The man grunted and took one final step forth, reaching for the front
of the brat's blazer. "Take a fucking hike, you piece of-"

SWISH!

"Guh!?" Kamoshida gave a startled grunt as he suddenly found his right arm held in a vice-
like grip, turned inward slightly to put an uncomfortable amount of pressure on his radius and
ulna. His eyes widened as he realised that Kurusu had moved, and now held his wrist in a
staggeringly tight grip.

"What the fu—?"

"I said..." Akira growled, staring into Kamoshida's eyes with enough rage to make them melt.

"Back...OFF!"

He unleashed a vicious palm strike against Kamoshida's chest, which sent the man stumbling
backwards.

"ACK!" Kamoshida grunted. He found himself falling to one knee with his hand pressed
against the area that was struck. The fuck was that!?

Akira gave the briefest of glances behind him to look at Shiho. The girl looked beyond
shocked at what Akira had just done, but there wasn't any time to address it. She had to leave.

He didn't want her to see what was about to happen anyway.

"Suzui, get out of here, now! Get out of Shujin, call Ann and get yourselves somewhere
safe!" He instructed her.

"K-Kurusu...?" Shiho whispered. He wanted her to leave him behind? With Kamoshida?

"Y-You little bastard! You think you can—gah! Shit!" The teacher gasped in pain as he tried
to get to his feet.

They couldn't wait any longer.

"NOW, SUZUI!" Akira snapped.

The girl gave a startled yelp, but the urgency in his voice reminded the girl that this was no
time for hesitation.

"R-Right. Th-Thank you, Kurusu." She said quietly. Shiho took one final glance at
Kamoshida, who stared at her saviour with hatred. Then, with a small whimper, she sprinted



down the hall and towards the stairs, running as fast as she could to get the hell away from
here.

It wasn't until he heard the distant, rapid tapping of someone running down the stairs that
Akira let some of his tension fade. She was safe.

"That...was a mistake, Kurusu," Kamoshida grunted, drawing Akira's attention back to him.
He watched as the man stumbled to his feet with an impassive stare

Yet, of course, some tension still remained in the form of that rat bastard. If the rats would
even take him.

But foul as he was, Akira knew that he had just placed himself in a very difficult situation.
Kamoshida held absolute authority over him, and he had not only let his prey get away but
struck him while doing so.

Akira completely believed Kamoshida's prior threat. Completely understood the ramifications
that his actions came with. The position that this put them in was overwhelmingly in
Kamoshida's favour. For as pathetic as this man was, the system that he'd go whining to
definitely wasn't.

He'd be incarcerated. His friends would be expelled. Kamoshida would continue torturing
students unopposed. Fuck, even Morning Glory would suffer if they looked too hard into his
case, making all he'd done for naught.

But a mistake?

No.

To let Shiho suffer, to let Kamoshida reign, to let his own anger fizzle out and his inner self
be silenced.

Beyond anything else, that would be the greatest mistake of all.

Akira was done letting shitty adults push him and his friends around. And if Kamoshida
thought he could quell that...

Then he'd find himself torn asunder by the claws of a wrathful dragon.

Akira fully stepped inside the room and slid the door shut. The action seemed to confuse
Kamoshida, as if he were silently asking why Akira wasn't running.

"The only mistake I made was not beating your ass black and blue the first time I saw your
disgusting face!" Akira shot back.

"You son of a—"

"And that's a mistake I'll gladly correct here and now. You've hurt way too many people,
Kamoshida. It's about time your sins caught up with you." Akira growled.



"Tch! You think you're hot shit just because you beat me at volleyball?" Kamoshida snarled.
"We're not on the court anymore, you bastard. No spectators for protection..." He warned.

Akira smirked. "Good, because I don't want anyone to see just how badly you're about to get
your ass kicked.

He swore he could almost hear the livid steam racing out of the man's ears while his face
turned a furious red.

"You know what's funny?" Kamoshida spoke up with a voice just below shouting. "After I
was done with Suzui here, I was going to have her throw you under the bus. Let you take the
blame for raping her." He declared with a beyond devilish expression. "It wouldn't have
mattered what either of you said, I'd have made sure that you'd never see the light of day
again!" Kamoshida told Akira. His face stretched into a smile, but looked more like a
grimace to the teen.

"But, you know, assaulting a teacher would work well too. Maybe even better. I can send you
to the hospital first before you get locked away like the shitty criminal you are. How's that
sound, huh!?" The man gloated.

Akira suppressed a surge of rage. He had to stay calm. A calm fist won many more battles
than a frenzied one.

"Sounds like you're too much of a pussy to fight your own battles." Akira retorted. "No
wonder I beat you at volleyball. You can't do shit by yourself!"

Kamoshida's expression twisted into an ugly fury.

"Oh, you're fucking dead, you little bastard!" Kamoshida barked. The man took a few
threatening steps towards Akira before he wound back his arm. He was clearly intending to
strike with all his power.

Well, Akira wasn't interested in holding back either.

The teen braced his body and brought his fists up, entering Brawler Style without a second's
delay.

"It's time for some disciplinary action, shitheel!"

"I couldn't agree more, Kamoshida!"

SUGURU KAMOSHIDA

EX-OLYMPIAN

Akira casually swayed out of the way of the punch, the familiar whoosh of a misguided fist
rushing past his ear.



Kamoshida was initially confused when his fist didn't meet flesh, but he simply wound back
his arm and swung again. Akira weaved around the man's second attack, positioning himself
in the middle of the room.

Kamoshida turned to face him, looking utterly pissed. Again, he swung his fist at Akira's
face, another blow that was simply sidestepped.

"Gah! Fuckin'!" The man hissed. As Kamoshida's momentum carried him forward, Akira
seized the opportunity to retaliate.

His right hand shot out like a viper, and his fist buried itself into Kamoshida's gut. The coach
immediately let out a pained hack and stumbled backwards.

He wasn't given a rest though, as Akira followed through with a couple of jabs, striking him
in the kidney and across the face, whipping the man's face to the side.

"ARGH!" Kamoshida gasped in pain and backed up to a safe distance, his hands raised
protectively in front of his face. He raised his leg and tried for a Spartan kick, only for Akira
to block the strike with nothing more than a grunt.

He then delivered a kick of his own, roundhousing the man in the side of the ribs, causing
Kamoshida to stumble away with a snarl of pain.

Akira would not deny the sheer satisfaction he felt by landing those blows, to feel them crash
against Kamoshida's body. Just as satisfying as the Metaverse version.

With all the shit he had been through in recent weeks, it just felt good to kick someone's ass
because they deserved it. Akira would unload his fury unto its cultivator here and now.

"F-Fucking...shit!" Kamoshida cursed and spat on the floor. Akira watched as the man slowly
stood straight, and then rushed at him again.

He sidestepped the following punch, but the teacher had wizened up and used the momentum
to aim a knee in Akira's gut. Akira quickly raised his own knee to block the strike, causing
their legs to crash into each other.

Akira retaliated with an elbow strike, aiming for Kamoshida's face. The teacher raised an arm
to block, but the force of the strike pushed him back.

Kamoshida growled and rushed at Akira, arms held open for a grapple. But Akira ducked
underneath the grab at the last second and used his position to launch a palm strike straight
up at Kamoshida's chin.

The man went staggering backwards into his desk, sending papers fluttering everywhere. He
gasped in pain, grabbing his chin in one hand, and in the other, the leg of an ordinary plastic
chair.

He pushed himself to his feet, bringing the chair with him, and swung the damn thing just in
time for Akira to dodge backwards and divert from causing more punishment.



Kamoshida wasted no time in bringing the chair up again and slamming it down on top of
Akira. He half expected the brat to dodge, but Akira stepped into smashing range and reached
up to grab the chair to stop the swing.

Both Kamoshida and Akira struggled over control of the chair, holding it above their heads.
Both their canines were bared, and both pairs of eyes carried nothing but hatred for the other.

"Let. Go!" Kamoshida roared, putting all his strength into trying to overpower the boy, only
for him to continue keeping the chair elevated.

"You...first!" Akira grunted and reared his head back.

Kamoshida didn't realise what was going to happen until it was too late.

Kamoshida had terrorized the students of this school. Using his authority when it suited him,
and when that failed, his brute strength and athleticism. He used both to do unforgivable
things, like breaking Ryuji's leg.

Akira rammed his head forward, smashing his forehead into Kamoshida's nose. There was an
audible crack and a waterfall of blood.

"AAAUGH! SHIT! SHIT!" Kamoshida screeched, his hands immediately moving to cradle
his bloody nose. Tears of pain welled up in his eyes and ran down his cheeks.

He wouldn't even have the chance to wipe them away.

But Akira was not Ryuji. And Kamoshida was not the big fish he thought he was.

Akira took the chair, now uncontested, spun on the spot and jabbed the top of the chair's back
straight into Kamoshida's gut. The coach cried out in pain, doubling over in agony.

He had assumed that taking the fight off the court would change things, that he would be
Akira's superior, as he was to everyone else.

He couldn't have been any more wrong.

Akira didn't waste a second as he then raised the chair above his head, just like Kamoshida
had done, and brought it down upon the scumbag's vulnerable back, shattering the chair into
a couple of metal poles and dozens of plastic shards.

Kamoshida collapsed to the ground with naught but a silent cry.

Because the battlefield was Akira's domain. And here, Kamoshida wasn't worth shit.

"Urrrgh..." The man moaned in pain. He tried and failed to get to his feet. He was dizzy,
disorientated, and every part of his body felt like it was on fire.

What the hell was this kid?! Was he raised by ninjas or something?



He watched blearily as Akira tossed the pieces of the chair aside, the broken metal clattering
to the ground. He watched as his leg pulled back.

And the next thing he knew was a kick in the gut.

"GAAAH!" Kamoshida yelped. The kick flipped him over onto his back while giving him a
bit of airtime. The collision with the floor had the man seeing stars.

Akira wasn't finished with him though. He reached down and grabbed the man by the collar,
pulling the bastard to his feet. Kamoshida tried to take a swing at him, but it was so pitifully
weak that Akira didn't even need to block it. It just bounced off him.

He dragged Kamoshida over to his desk, gripped his unkempt hair, and slammed his head
down onto the desk, eliciting another cry of pain and leaving the surface of the desk bloody.

"How does it feel, motherfucker?" Akira asked.

Slam!

What was he feeling now?

"How does it feel to be in the same position you put so many innocent youths in? How does it
feel to get your ass kicked by someone you couldn't hope to match?" Akira added with a
growl.

Was he actually afraid of this boy?

"Fu-Fucking..." Kamoshida stammered, his sore jaw and discombobulated mind unable to
form anything smarter.

Slam!

"Answer me, before I put you through this fucking desk!" Akira shouted

He couldn't be... He couldn't be...!"

"N-Not good...?"

And yet his words. His tone. Both contradicted that notion.

""N-Not good?" The fuck you think this is? Kindergarten?!" Akira gripped the man's hair
tightly and dragged his face along the desk, knocking it against books, file trays, and a
megaphone before finally tossing him aside, causing the coach to fall flat on his ass against
the photocopier.

Kamoshida gasped and sputtered, his face contorted in pain. In fear.

Akira came up to him and leaned in close, his voice a venomous whisper. "You're a bully,
Kamoshida. A bully and a coward, nothing more. And your days of tormenting students like
Ann, Shiho, and all the other members of the volleyball team; they're done."



Kamoshida gasped heavily. Everything hurt. His head was ringing, his body a temple of
scorching agony. He had been so thoroughly beaten that it was almost an insult to the word.

Out of reflex, he tried to retort. "I-I swear... I'm gonna—"

"Shut the fuck up." Akira interrupted with a hiss.

"I'll—"

"You can't do shit, Kamoshida. It's over."

It...was over?

He couldn't do anything?

No...no that couldn't be right. He was Kamoshida. He was the king of the school, He could do
whatever he wanted! He couldn't let some random punk walk all over him!

Kamoshida desperately forced his right arm to move. He forced his hand to form into a fist,
forced himself to ignore its phantom pain. Then he forced his arm to move, striking Akira
across the cheek.

It was after pain shot through his knuckles and staring at Akira's entirely unamused
expression that Kamoshida realised he had properly fucked up.

Akira slowly reached for Kamoshida's wrist and gripped it. It started soft, almost gentle. But
the grip kept growing stronger, more vice-like, until the man was grunting in discomfort.

Akira removed the fist from his face with little to no resistance, holding the arm in his hand.

"I could break this, you know," Akira growled at Kamoshida.

"Wh-What...?" The man gasped.

"One snap, a sharp twist, and you'll never throw a volleyball straight again. Sound familiar?"

All Kamoshida could do was grunt, tugging on his arm with all the strength he could muster.

"I know in that slimy little heart of yours that you genuinely care about volleyball, at least
when you're not perverting the sport to work out your aggression against high school kids."
Akira slid his knee under the man's outstretched elbow. "Ryuji cared about running too, didn't
he?"

Kamoshida winced as he felt pressure shoot up his arm. He could feel it flare up with that
same strange pain. Then he realised just what position he was in.

No...he wouldn't!

Kamoshida reached up with his left arm to try and claw at Akira's face, but it was the
desperate struggle of a wounded animal. Easy for Akira to avoid.



"No...don't! If-If you—..!"

"I'll be sent to juvie for breaking your arm instead of being sent because you feel like
screwing me over?" Akira asked mockingly. "I know which option I'd prefer..."

The pressure on Kamoshida's arm grew further, and the man tensed up, unable to move for
fear of provoking Akira into a snap. "Wait!" He gasped. "Wait, wait wait!"

Kamoshida didn't know what level of hell that Kurusu had crawled up from, but he could
safely say that right now he was more terrified than he had been in years. This lone student
had brought him to his knees and now held his future at the barrel-end of his mercy, just like
Kamoshida had done for so many others. He was in no position to appreciate the irony.

"I'm sorry! I-I won't do anything! I won't report you a-and I'll leave everyone alone;
Sakamoto, Takamaki, and the rest of the team!" Kamoshida pleaded. "Just don't break my
arm!" Kamoshida begged, looking up at Akira with desperation.

And the only thing he got in return was a cold stare.

Akira didn't believe for a second that Kamoshida was genuinely apologetic so much as he
was just trying to save his own skin. Nor did he have any guarantee that he would keep his
word, which already held about as much weight as a wet paper bag.

But at the same time, if there was any chance that he could get away with what he had done;
any chance to keep his friends safe, he'd need Kamoshida's cooperation.

Damn it... What should he do?

That was when he heard the door slam open.

"H-Holy shit!"

For a second, Akira felt panic shoot through him. Whatever the context, stumbling upon the
school delinquent standing over a teacher beaten black and blue was beyond damning.

But then he placed the voice and turned his head to see wide eyes and dyed blond hair.

"Ryuji?" Akira asked, his tone unable to hide his relief. He got a few seconds of silence in
response as the blonde processed the scene. Akira could almost see the cogs turning.

Kamoshida glanced towards the newcomer with a pained grimace. Of all the people that had
to see him in this state.

Damn it, he'd take what he could get.

"Sa-Sakamoto...call the cops. Th-This guy's a lunatic!" He grunted, raising a finger towards
Akira.

The teen in question turned his attention back to Kamoshida with a blank stare. "Seriously?"
He asked. Kamoshida had no business asking Ryuji of all people for help after what he'd



done.

He glanced at Ryuji, who still seemed like he was having a hard time putting this all together.
Akira didn't blame him. He had given Kamohida a beatdown the likes of which Ryuji had
probably never seen before, at least in real life. Coming to terms with everything was
probably the main thing that was on his mind right now.

"A lunatic, huh?" The blond boy eventually said, his lips stretched into a line and his eyes
narrowing. "I ain't seeing any lunatic. I just see a miserable excuse for a man who played
with fire and got burned."

"Gah!" Kamoshida hissed. "Call the police right now, or I'll expel you too!" He snarled,
pressing himself up against the photocopier, but failing to get onto his feet.

The threat made Ryuji ball up his hands. "E-Expel?!" He cried. "Where do you get off?! The
only one who I should be callin' the cops on is you!" Ryuji declared. "God, how pathetic can
you get?"

Akira forcefully let the man's arm go and got to his feet. "Save your breath, Ryuji. This
bastard's got no shame left to give." He said, turning towards the blond.

"Doubt he's got much left of anything if that's any indication." Ryuji gestured to the teacher's
battered and bruised form. "This remind you of anything, Kamoshida?!" He scoffed.

"Fuck you!"

"I uh...kind of already used that line..." Akira sheepishly admitted

"Whaaaaat!? Dude, come on, if anyone was gonna tell him that, should have been me. You
shoulda waited!" Ryuji complained almost childishly.

"I didn't even know that you were coming!" Akira held up his hands defensively. "Cut me
some slack."

Akira decided to change the subject. "Speaking of which, what are you doing here? Where's
Ann?" He asked.

Ryuji shifted on his feet a little and looked sideways in recollection.

"Well..."

Earlier...

Ann was panicking, and Ryuji couldn't blame her.

Not ten minutes ago, she had been made aware of Kamoshida's plans to sexually assault
Shiho. That bastard was so intent on ruining her that he was going after the lone person that
she had left at that sorry excuse for a school.



So delirious from panic, she barely registered as Ryuji dragged her through the streets of
Shibuya, onto the Ginza Line and onto the first available train to Aoyama-Itchome.

Truthfully, she wished that she had mustered the means to run the whole way as Akira had
done, because the waiting that she was forced to endure for the train to arrive and then travel
was utterly torturous. She felt like she was gonna throw up, and cramming her into a tight
space surrounded by tons of apathetic people was not helping to manage her stress.

It was a trip that they had taken hundreds of times before, but now every second felt like an
hour to the blonde, who was feeling a panic attack grow ever closer.

Ryuji was having his own problems, not only due to his own anxiousness, but since the trains
were so busy and crowded, they had been forced to stand the entire time, which killed his bad
leg.

Ann could hear his teeth grind, his leg bouncing with anxious energy, and the way he glared
out the window was nothing short of murderous. His glare and overall punkish appearance
actually had a few passengers give him a wide berth.

"I can't believe that piece 'a shit. He's gone too far." He grunted, watching the scenery rush
past. Intending to rape an innocent girl. That was unforgivable. But then again, Kamoshida
wasn't unfamiliar with territory like that.

"Come on, come on!" Ann whimpered as the train sped along the track. She gripped the
hanging strap above her head hard enough to make it squeak, as if that would make the train
go faster.

In between the duo was poor Morgana, who was being jostled and jabbed every which way
within Akira's bag. It wasn't a pleasant experience for anybody.

"Why...?" The girl whispered, barely audible over the rumble of the train. "Why did I have to
go and open my stupid mouth!? Why!?" Ann whimpered, burying her face into her hands.

She could have prevented this. She could have kept her big mouth shut and kept Shiho away
from Kamoshida's sadistic desires. Why did she have to go on that big speech? What good
did it do her to tell that stuff to Kamoshida of all people?

"Ann," Ryuji spoke up. The blonde's blue eyes peeked over the tops of her hands and stared
up at him. Ryuji stared back seriously. "Listen to me. This wasn't your fault. None 'o this is
on you." He told her.

"B-But..."

"Kamoshida is a sick, twisted, scumbag. He's the one who's makin' the choice." Ryuji
emphasised.

Ann's face scrunched up. "But if I had just—..!"

"Ann." Ryuji cut her off. He took her by the shoulders and made her look him in the eye.



"Kamoshida is the bastard here, and he's gonna pay for all the shit that he's done. You don't
gotta apologise for not wanting to deal with his shit anymore." He declared.

Ann's tear-filled eyes stared into his own, and he could see the girl trying to fight down her
despair. But Ryuji hadn't spoken a single lie. Her hatred should've been aimed at Kamoshida,
not herself.

"And remember, Akira's hauling ass over as we speak. He'll probably get there before we do.
And we both know that he won't let anything happen to Suzui." Ryuji reassured her.

"But will he even be able to get there in time?" Ann asked desperately. She knew that Akira
was athletic, but to run all that way in so short a time? He couldn't have had more than five
minutes to sprint there faster than a train could take him.

To that, Ryuji had no answer. Every part of him wanted to say that it was possible, to console
Ann in a way that only the knowledge of Shiho's safety could. But as horrible as it was to
think about, he couldn't discount the possibility that their efforts may be all for naught.

All that they were able to do was hope.

Thankfully, he would be spared from needing to give an answer as at that moment, the
students' ears were graced with the squealing of brakes and a familiar pull of the train coming
to a stop.

"Aoyama-Itchome. This is Aoyama-Itch—"

"Finally!" Ann cried as the train doors hissed open. The girl immediately beelined for the exit
with Ryuji in hot pursuit. They ended up pushing through and even knocking over a few
people, but they couldn't stop for anything more than a few curt "Sorrys" and "'Scuse us'"!

The pair eventually worked their way out of the crowd and stepped out onto the platform.
The moment they did so, they sprinted for the stairs leading up to street level.

Unlike the train, the stairs and street were thankfully not as packed. The only thing that
slowed them down was the checkpoint where they needed to scan their student passes.

Besides that, it was simply a matter of how fast they could run.

They rushed out of the underground and down the sparse street. The wind rushed by their
ears and blew Ann's twintails like flags.

They ran by the alleyway where they had met Akira, and for a moment, Ryuji wondered if
they should take the shortcut to Shujin. But the last time that they did that, they ended up in
Kamoshida's Palace. They still knew next to nothing about the app. For all they knew,
returning to the same spot may just pull them back in and waste valuable time.

If that were the case, then Ryuji prayed that Akira made the same choice that they did.

"Gah! Shit, I'm so outta shape...!" He gasped, not from exhaustion, but pain. His weak leg
was really starting to act up with the strenuous dashing and it caused him to lag behind a



little.

"Come on, we're nearly there!" Ann called back, sounding breathless. She turned the final
corner leading down the street where Shujin Academy was located.

Her lungs were burning, her stomach was churning with anxiety and sweat ran down her face.
But she paid her body no heed. All she could think of was "Please let Shiho be safe."

"Please let Shiho be safe!"

"Please let Shiho be safe!"

The tears started to fall.

"Please let Shiho be unharmed!"

"Please let Shiho be safe!"

Her heart hammered in her chest.

"Please let Shiho be alright!"

"Please let Shiho be safe!"

"Please let Shiho be okay!"

"Please let Shiho be safe!"

"PLEASE LET SHIHO BE SAFE!"

Ann stopped. The soles of her laced boots screeched in protest against the pavement.

She blinked her watery vision away long enough to notice a figure pressed against the
concrete wall outside of Shujin's gates.

A figure that she recognised all too well.

The ponytail, held up by a pink band.

"Sh...!"

The white turtleneck that she always kept rolled up to her elbows.

"Shi..."

And the pale face marred with brutal bruises brought on by punishing volleyball "practice."

"Shiho...!" Ann whispered.

For a few seconds, Ann was struck with disbelief. She watched as the clearly rattled girl dug
into her pocket and pulled out her phone. Shiho swiped at the screen for a few moments



before tapping it once and then raising the phone to her ear. She raised her head to take a
breath...

And met Ann's gaze with her own, her frenzied expression quickly turning to shock.

It was like either girl couldn't process that the other was before her, but a brief and familiar
'Ting-a-ling-a-ling' coming from Ann's pocket snapped the duo back into reality.

And then, with a small, quiet whimper, Shiho spoke.

"A-Ann...?" She asked tentatively.

"Shiho...!" Ann responded, her voice trembling.

Shiho's face slowly started to scrunch up, and her brown eyes were soon lined with tears.
They silently fell and stained the battered girl's cheeks as relief flooded into both her and
Ann.

The latter didn't hesitate any further.

"Shiho!" She cried before sprinting up to the girl. "Shiho!"

"A-Ann!" Shiho sobbed out. Her body sprung into action as she raced to meet her.

The two girls crashed into each other like freight trains, immediately latching their arms
around each other in a bone-crushing embrace.

"SHIHO! Oh god, oh god! I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry!" Ann whimpered into her friend's
shoulder. Her own tears soaked into the fabric of Shiho's sweater.

"No...No, I'm sorry. Ann. I-I was so stupid! I'm so sorry!" Shiho immediately replied through
her own tears.

"Y-You better be, you big dummy...doofus...dummy!" Ann squeaked. She held onto Shiho
tighter, as if she'd slip through her grasp like sand.

There was no word in any language that could accurately describe what the pair were feeling
right now. All their misery, their anxiety, were slowly siphoned away by their togetherness. It
was honestly a really sweet scene, and that's why a certain teen and cat decided to hang back
a little and not be third wheels.

The girls continued to hold each other in a death grip as they audibly wept, the late afternoon
sun reflecting off them. Ann's mind couldn't help but be flooded with images of what
Kamoshida may have done. But Shiho was here, seemingly fine and unsullied by that
bastard's hand.

Though...she had to be sure...

"Shiho...h-he didn't...?"



It took a few moments for Ann's almost hesitant question to click with the other girl, but she
seemed to understand. And to Ann's further relief, she shook her head no.

"N-No...he didn't get the chance to. K-Kurusu a-arrived just in time and g-got me away from
him..." Shiho sniffed, trying to quell her crying. "H-He told me to call you and get
somewhere safe."

Yet another wave of ease crashed into Ann's mind like a tsunami. Kamoshida hadn't touched
Shiho. He hadn't defiled her.

All thanks to Akira. If he hadn't left when he did...

God, between the car ride, the Palace, the guard detai;, the volleyball game and now saving
Shiho, she owed Akira more than she could ever repay. All less than a week after she'd met
the guy.

"Sonnovabitch actually made it in time. What an amazin' dude." Ryuji spoke up, finally
injecting himself into the scene now that the pair seemed to have calmed down a little. There
was no admiration spared in his tone.

Then, he noticed something, probably the main something that hadn't been addressed yet due
to the waterworks. "Wait, he ain't here with you?" He asked.

Shiho looked over at Ryuji. If she was surprised at his presence then she didn't show it. Her
expression did twist into obvious concern, however.

"K-Kurusu stayed behind with Mr. Kamoshida while I got away. I think...I think he's still
with him now." She explained, with her body tensing up a little.

Ryuji frowned in response. Obviously, Akira wasn't trying to talk Kamoshida down.

He knew that he probably had nothing to worry about. Akira could hold his own against
literal Shadow Knights with armour and swords and shit, so Kamoshida shouldn't have been
too much for him to handle.

But still, he didn't like the idea of Akira facing down the bastard alone, whether they were in
the Palace or the real world.

"Ann, I'm going to back Akira up. You get Suzui somewhere safe." Ryuji ordered. "We'll text
you when things settle down. Can ya do that?" He asked.

Ann would've been lying if she said that she wasn't a little hesitant. To take Shiho away while
leaving Ryuji and Akira to face Kamoshida. It almost felt like a trade.

But realistically, she knew that they had a better chance at handling Kamoshida than anyone
else, Akira especially. So she nodded her head. "Yeah. I'll take her to my place." She
answered.

"Good," Ryuji replied in a satisfied tone before he quickly turned tail and sprinted towards
the Shujin gates.



"Be careful!" Ann called to him.

"Don't need to be. I got an Akira!" Ryuji quipped right back. With his back turned, he missed
Ann's eye roll.

Shiho hadn't lost that concerned look on her face, even with Ryuji's little joke. She, of all
people, knew how violent Kamoshida could be. And Akira had put himself right in that man's
firing line.

"Are you sure he'll be ok?" She asked her friend, whom she had yet to release.

Ann looked to Shiho and gave a nod and a firm, yet reassuring "He'll be fine. Akira's strong.
I've got complete faith in him." She answered, giving Shiho a confident smile.

After what he had done for how, how could she not?

That put Shiho at ease, but only a little. "O-Ok..." She relented.

"Now come on. Let's go to my place. It'll be safe there." Ann told her. She finally started to
let go of Shiho, and Shiho did the same, but instead of fully letting go, the girl traced her
hands down Ann's arms until she was holding her hands.

"Sh-Shiho...?" Ann asked.

Shiho swallowed anxiously and looked up at Ann. Not fifteen minutes ago she believed that
she would be defiled by a horrible man. But she had been saved. Saved and delivered into the
arms of her best friend. The best friend that she spent the past couple of days worrying with
her stupid silent treatment.

And she couldn't help but recall that thought on the bench. This time though, Ann was here.

She wasn't alone.

"If you feel bad about making her worry, maybe you should talk it out. And I guarantee that
however that talk goes, Ann will still be your friend at the end of it."

"Ann...I have to tell you something. I have to tell you everything..."

"So, Suzui got away safely. Thank goodness." Akira sighed. To be honest, he hadn't been
fully assured of her safety until now. It was good to know.

"Yeah, man. You really came through for her." Ryuji replied. "You're some kinda crazy, you
know that? He asked, smiling fondly.

"No, I didn't, please elaborate." Akira cheekily shot back.

Ryuji sighed and gave his head a small shake. Then he glanced towards Kamoshida's beaten
form and frowned.



"You know, I had a feeling something like this might happen, but, damn, seeing it up close..."

Akira sighed. "Yeah, it's not pretty, is it?" He replied. He wouldn't apologise for a single
punch though, much less everything else he'd put the man through.

Still, having Ryuji see this side of him left a bad taste in Akira's mouth.

With a stare that bore holes into Kamoshida's skull, the blond's face scrunched into a snarl as
his anger started to bubble up again. "Fuckin' bastard. This is what you get for all the shitty
things you've done!

Kamoshida glared right back at Ryuji, but messed up as he was, it was too painful to retaliate.
Right now, the man was desperately hoping to find a way out of this situation.

As Ryuji turned away, Kamoshida lulled his head to the side. And that was when he saw it. A
baseball bat leaning against the photocopier. It was just barely out of his reach, but if he
could just shuffle his body a little...

"So, for real though," Ryuji continued, "what're we doing with him?" He asked.

And truthfully? Akira didn't really know. If they just left, there was always the chance of
Kamoshida telling everyone what happened here today. He promised that he wouldn't, but
Akira didn't trust his word in the slightest.

He needed some way to keep Kamoshida in check. He needed insurance.

...

He glared at Kamoshida silently. The man was facing to the side, his arm shifted behind him.
Akira narrowed his eyes but didn't address the peculiarity.

He advanced towards the man with a threatening stare. "Kamoshida." Akira addressed him in
a cold tone.

The man's vision darted towards him. "Wh-What...?" The bastard grunted bitterly.

"Listen to me very carefully. Because this is what's going to happen." Akira told him. "First,
you're going to stop abusing the volleyball team. I don't want to catch wind of you abusing
anyone."

Kamoshida grunted in response, but he didn't say anything.

"Second, you're never going to come near Ann, Ryuji or Suzui again. You're gonna delete
Ann's number from your phone and let her live her life."

Akira stepped even closer, staring down at the man like pond scum.

"And third, you'll tell nobody what happened here today. Not the police, not the principal,
nobody."



With a groan, Kamoshida slowly opened his jaw. Akira could tell that the man was stubborn,
but he was definitely intimidated.

Good.

"And...A-And if I don't do that stuff?" The man growled.

Akira raised a brow. "Come on, Kamoshida. You're a scumbag, but you're not stupid. What
do you think's going to happen?" He asked. He gripped his fist tightly, causing his knuckles
to crack, a sound that made even Ryuji and Morgana wince.

Kamoshida flinched and sucked a breath through his teeth. Akira could see that the man was
weighing his options. Finally though, he lowered his head with a defeated look on his face.
"Fine...you win..." He practically spat.

"Good answer," Akira replied in a condescending voice. He took a step back and glanced
over at Ryuji.

"We're done here." He told the blond.

Ryuji let out a huge sigh, letting his shoulders sag. "Finally. It was getting hard to breathe
with all this—"

Ryuji's sudden pause, the widening of his eyes and the shuffling noise behind him was all the
warning Akira got. His instincts screamed at him to turn back and face Kamoshida.

Like a flash, Akira whipped around to find the battered man on his feet, with a baseball bat in
hand.

Mid-swing.

"WAS THAT WHAT YOU THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO SAY!?" The man roared crazily,
swinging the bat with what must have been the last of his strength.

It was a dirty move, a devastating attack that would have brutally knocked down any lesser
man.

"Essence of..."

Akira was not a lesser man.

While his mind needed a second to catch up, his body certainly didn't have that problem.
Countless hours of training and a strong muscle memory ensured that he wouldn't be caught
on the back foot, at least not to something like this.

His right arm swiftly windmilled in time to Kamoshida's swing of the bat. He noticed the
minute widening of Kamoshida's eyes, yet it was too late for them to divert their paths.

Thus, at the same time the bat would have connected, Akira's palm faced out and grabbed at
its handle, using the force of his wind up to act against the inertia of the bat, cancelling both



out and allowing Akira to catch the weapon in his hand, curling his fingers at the grip above
Kamoshida's hands.

The entire room stilled as the echo of the bat meeting Akira's palm rang out. The motion was
so smooth, so precise, that for a moment, nobody could comprehend exactly what had
happened.

Ryuji and Morgana could only watch in astonishment as Akira stood completely unfazed,
while Kamoshida's murderous glare fizzled out into horror as he processed the fact that the
young man had just caught his last-ditch effort to do harm like it was a feather.

He stared into the teen's grey eyes, expecting an angry state, but the look that greeted him
wasn't quite what he expected. It was a calm, but intense glare, unnervingly so.

The boy's head tilted as he stared down Kamoshida, the bat still being held between them.

And that small movement was all the indication that Kamoshida needed to let him know that
he was well and truly screwed.

"I-I'm so—" Kamoshida stuttered out something that was probably supposed to be some kind
of plea for mercy.

He wouldn't finish it.

In one fluid movement, Akira tugged the bat out of Kamoshida's grip and twirled it around
his wrist. He spread his feet and wound up, resting the bat on his opposite shoulder.

Then he swung, and Kamoshida didn't even get the chance to cry out.

"...Home Run Reversal!"

With a loud and meaty TWHACK, Akira struck Kamoshida across the face with the bat hard
enough to leave a dent in the metal and send the man flying across the room

"GAAAAAAAH!" Kamoshida bellowed in agony as he crashed against the whiteboard on
the opposite side of the room before sliding off, hitting the floor with a sickening thud.

"Oooh!" Ryuji couldn't help but audibly wince. Sure, he hated the man, but watching
someone get clocked across the face in real life with a bat was just brutal.

Bashing in Shadows with his pipe couldn't compare.

The man groaned and hissed while blood could be seen leaking from the fresh bruise on his
face. "Guh...Ngh...ugh...!" He groaned pitifully.

Akira took a moment to look over the bat for any signs of blood, but he found nothing that
would indicate assault other than the dent, which wouldn't prove much.

Both he and Kamoshida should count their lucky stars that Akira wasn't meaner with the bat.
He could have easily knocked out a tooth or two.



Akira sighed and let the bat fall onto the ground with a clatter. Kamoshida definitely didn't
have any means of fighting back now.

Akira was about to step towards the man, but quickly remembered that he had an audience.
And with what he was planning to do, he would really prefer if his friends didn't see it.

"Ryuji, please leave. I'll shoot you a text when things are finished here." Akira insisted,
looking at the blond.

"Hu-Huh?" Ryuji squawked. "Dude, I can't just—"

"Please, Ryuji. Trust me, you don't wanna see what I'm about to do."

"What I'm about to become..."

"Wh-What you're about to—?" Ryuji asked with a small voice. "Akira, y-you're not gonna—"

"No, I'm not," Akira assured him. "Just trust in me and get out."

Ryuji stared at Akira apprehensively and his mouth opened and closed a few times. Ryuji's
hesitance on the matter was clear, and for a moment he looked ready to protest. Eventually
though, he relented with a sigh.

"I trust ya, man...j-just try not to kill him... yeah?" He muttered. "There's no Plan B if he's...
y'know."

"I do. Don't worry." Akira replied flatly. "I'll give you the details later, but for now..." Akira
balled up his fist. "... Kamoshida and I need to have a private chat..."

Ryuji gulped audibly and found himself once again thankful that Akira was on his side. He
bit his lip a little and then looked up at his friend. "A-Alright." He complied. Then he began
to step towards the door.

Kamoshida, even through a haze of pain noticed the boy leaving and the amalgamation of
bruises that was now his face grew panicked.

"Sa-Sakamoto...! You c-can't...you can't leave me...with h-him..." The man's plea came out as
little more than a pathetic whimper, a far cry from the man he was ten minutes ago.

Ryuji paused in his retreat, his hand gripping the door frame. Slowly, he looked back with a
hate-filled gaze within his brown eyes.

"Can and will, asshole."

With that final word being said, Ryuji stepped through the door and closed it.

Leaving Akira and Kamoshida alone.

And the latter swore that the room grew several degrees colder...



Akira stepped towards Kamoshida, his expression tight. "Looks like your head was so far up
your ass that you couldn't hear me the first time. So, I'm going to make this very easy for you
to understand, you worthless, despicable slimeball." He growled.

Back when Akira lived on the streets, he had seen many horrible people. Crooks that would
shake down innocent civilians, punks that beat on stray animals for no better reason than that
they were bored.

At the time, he hadn't been anything close to a vigilante; he was far too focused on looking
out for himself, but he at least made it a point to take from the people who rightly deserved it.
Those punks who believed they could do whatever shitty stuff that they wanted.

There was one thing that unified the bastards, however. Each and every one of them were
cowards. As soon as they were met with Akira's overwhelming might, they sobbed, they
pleaded for mercy, and a couple even pissed themselves.

Mercy didn't cow those people. Fear did. The very thought that they may run into someone
like Akira again had them seriously reconsidering their life choices.

And now it was time to impart that fear unto Kamoshida. A coward who'd met his superior.
He'd crushed his body. His spirit came next.

It was an ugly part of himself, a part that he wished no one else would see. A drastic
reminder of what had been the lowest point of his life.

He took a second of introspection, seeking the chilling, yet comforting presence of his
rebellion personified.

Was this staying true to who he was?

"Unsightly as it may be, it is no less a part of thou than I," Arsené replied.

That was that.

With steady steps, Akira approached the quivering man, not unlike a wolf stalking its prey.
His shadow fell over Kamoshida, like a blanket of dread.

He raised his leg and slammed his foot against the cabinets right next to Kamoshida's head.

"Gah?! Fuck!" Kamoshida yelped. He tried to lean his body away, but he was in too much
pain to even do that.

"People like you get into positions of authority and suddenly think they're untouchable. But
this is the reality, Kamoshida. You. Ain't. Shit." Akira growled.

"Y-You're crazy!" Kamoshida grunted. "I'll... I'll call the cops. Pr-Prison's the only thing
ahead of you! You won't get away with this!"

"Oh, I definitely won't," Akira admitted, causing Kamoshida's eyes to widen. Akira lowered
his leg to the ground. "Everybody's eating out of your palm, nobody's safe from you. The



cops would come to arrest me..."

Akira narrowed his eyes. "But that won't stop me from getting to you..." Akira snarled.

"Wh-What...!?" Kamoshida gave a small squeak.

For now, Akira didn't elaborate, but instead, reached out and started going through
Kamoshida's pockets.

"Wh-What are you...get away from me, you bastard!" The man barked. His weak, feeble
body didn't offer much resistance though, and soon, Akira had withdrawn something brown
and leather from the man's right pocket. His wallet. Kamoshida tried to reach for it, but even
reaching out was too much for him.

But Akira wasn't interested in cash or anything like that. The only thing that he wanted stared
back at him from behind a plastic slot.

Kamoshida wanted to ask what he was doing, but that question was answered before the man
had even asked it as Akira plucked out a familiar, rectangular card, and held it up to his face.

"3-8 Minami-Aoyama, Minato-ku."

Kamoshida's blood froze as he heard Akira read out his home address.

"That's right, fucker. I know where you sleep now." Akira said as he tucked the licence back
into the wallet before tossing it aside. "And if you think that the police will protect you, they
won't be able to. Not from me. I will tear through as many officers as I need to as long as
you're at the end of the chain."

Akira got to his feet and glanced at Kamoshida's ruffled desk, searching for an implement
that would assist him in furthering his point.

He found them in a small cup amongst pens, and markers. A pair of scissors. He withdrew
them from the cup like a tanto from its sheath. "Of course, I can also take care of this
problem right now..." He murmured in a low voice.

The implication was not lost on Kamoshida. "N-No...!" He begged in a terrified tone. It
would fall on deaf ears as Akira walked back over to the man, gripped his unruly locks and
forced him to look up. He could see Kamoshida's eyes rapidly darting left and right as the
man desperately flailed as much as he could. But it wouldn't be enough, not to escape from
him.

Akira squeezed the handle of the scissors and slowly raised them above his head. "You know
what the worst part about this is, Kamoshida?" Akira asked.

"Pl-Please, I beg of you...!" Kamoshida whimpered; terrified tears having sprung to his eyes.

"However much I've hurt you, it's nothing compared to how much you've hurt them." Akira
finished.



In a flurry of motion, the scissors were brought down...

...stopping only a few centimetres from the man's eyeball.

Kamoshida barely had a moment to process how close he'd come to losing an eye, possibly
his life. His pupils contracted, staring at the blades. His mouth opened and closed as if to
screech, but terror had seized his voice, keeping him from crying out. Cold sweat soaked his
skin, his breathing quickened, and his heart raced in a panic.

Akira held the scissors in place, not a single twitch or shudder betraying his thoughts. "Of
course, killing you would make a lot more mess than I'm willing to clean up. There's a far
happier ending for both of us, if you do what I say."

Akira slowly brought the blade of the scissors closer until the distance between them and,
Kamoshida's eye couldn't have been more than a centimetre.

"Stop abusing the volleyball team."

"Stay the fuck away from Ann and Suzui."

"And keep your fucking mouth shut about what happened here today."

Akira listed off his demands icily, returning the terrified stare that the rapidly paling man was
giving him.

"Follow those instructions, and we can let bygones be bygones. Fail to do so..."

Kamoshida flinched as the scissors were swiftly moved away from his eye and brought
further down. His ears retched as he heard the dull clang of metal.

Slowly, he looked downwards and stifled a gasp when he saw that the scissors' tip was buried
slightly into the tiled floor...between his middle and ring finger.

"I will take your fingers..." Akira whispered.

He reached back and tapped one of Kamoshida's sneakers with his knuckles.

"I will take your toes..."

And finally, he reached back and firmly gripped Kamoshida's jaw eliciting a grunt from the
man

"I will take your teeth!"

With grey eyes boring into his Kamoshida's terrified ones, Akira leaned close. "Do. I. Make.
Myself. Clear?"

"Y-Yes...!" The man squeaked. He didn't dare nod his head for fear that even that minor
motion would force this...monster of a student to make good on his promise here and now.



"Y-You do...! P-Perfect sense! I swear! I-I'll do whatever you want! Just please...please let me
go!"

Akira stared silently at the man for a moment longer, his gaze searching for any lingering
deception. Thankfully, he found none and let go of the man's jaw forcefully, like he was
disgusted that he had touched it in the first place.

That look on Kamoshida's face... That was a man who was scared half to death, and more
importantly, a man who would keep his word for fear that one mistake would bring untold
suffering down upon him.

Akira slowly got to his feet. He was pretty sure that he could do no more here. He had put the
fear of God into this man, and now, it was time to leave. He'd drawn this out long enough.

As Akira made his way towards the door, he heard Kamoshida exhale an audibly relieved
sigh, which suddenly stopped halfway through, as if Akira would take it as an insult, and turn
around.

But no, he simply stopped in front of the door and glanced at the defeated man critically.

"Kamoshida, you've looked down on everyone in this school, as if you're the king of a castle.
Treating everybody like they're your little bitches who only exist to satisfy your ego...or
libido." He spoke.

He reached out to grab the handle of the door. "But no longer. You're not at the top of the
food chain here anymore. I am. You know what that means, don't you?"

Kamoshida said nothing as Akira slid the door open.

"It means that from here on out, you're my bitch, Kamoshida."

Akira stepped out of the office, but not before leaving the beaten, broken man with a final,
chilling promise.

"I'll see you tomorrow, Sensei."



Chapter 7: Fangs and Fire
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"So, we're still goin' through with this, right, dude?"

Students walked out one after another from the gates of Shujin while Akira watched in
silence. Some would go to the arcade, some would wither away in a diner while studying,
and some would just go straight home.

None of them knew. None of them would ever know just how fucked up this whole situation
was. Or how much more fucked up it was going to get.

It was a day after Akira's confrontation with Kamoshida. An entire school day that had just
passed without incident. Considering the last few days, it was sort of weird. 

Humdrum days were a good sign though. Akira hadn't woken up to a bunch of police
knocking down LeBlanc's door yesterday, so Kamoshida was likely keeping his promise,
even if that promise was enforced with the threat of serious bodily harm. 

The man had obviously taken the day off from coming to school, whether it was to recover
from his wounds or because he was terrified of Akira. Perhaps a blend of both. It was a
beautiful irony that the scumbag had been reduced to the very state he'd left countless
students in. 

But Akira wasn't so optimistic to think that was the end. Kamoshida was a twisted, twisted
man. A man that he had beaten the crap out of, but still undeniably twisted. He had taken the
opportunity to tighten the bastard's leash, but that would only last so long. They needed to
strike at the heart while the man thought that Akira was around every corner. And he meant
that in the most literal way possible.

Akira glanced at Ryuji, who was sitting against the wall of the alleyway in front of Shujin.
There was anxiety, yet a noticeable readiness in his eyes. 

He breathed in through his nose, detecting a faint scent of rusted iron from the alleyway
they'd soon be disappearing into. 

"Yeah. We are." Akira answered. "I did a number on him, but Kamoshida isn't gonna be
looking under his bed for me forever. Once he gets a bit of his confidence back, he'll go right
back to trying to fuck us over. Juvie for me, expulsion for you and Ann... We need to take
action before he bounces back." He declared. 

"Don't gotta tell me twice..." Ryuji grunted with a disgusted look on his face. "God, what he
tried to do to Suzui... Seriously, 'eff that guy." 



A small rustle came from Akira's bag as a furry friend he was rapidly becoming familiar with
lifted up the flap and poked his head out. 

"So you're both set on this right?" Morgana asked. "You're ready to accept whatever happens,
even if it's a mental shutdown?"

Ryuji's eyes were no longer held that aghast and horrified stare they had a few days ago. Now
they held nothing but grim determination and a resolve Akira mutely approved of.

"Kamoshida was gonna ruin all of our lives and laugh in our damn faces." Ryuji grunted,
pushing himself to his feet. "I don't give a shit what happens to him anymore."

"I see." Morgana nodded before craning his neck to look at his frizzy-haired conspirator.
"And you, Akira?"

The teen grinned and cracked his knuckles "You even have to ask?" He replied. "I've been
ready since day one!" 

"Then we're all in agreement," Morgana confirmed. "We'll move on Kamoshida's heart and
steal his treasure." Morgana seemed no less eager to get to work than his bipedal
conspirators.

"Hell yeah! We're taking that bastard down for good!" Ryuji pumped his fist. Akira was quick
to shush him.

"Dude! Don't draw attention to us!" Akira hissed. There were still students leaving, and some
of them were looking their way. The school punk and delinquent (volleyball star also, but
moreso the first one) visibly scheming in an alleyway was not a good look. They didn't need
this operation to end before it even began.

"Crap! S-Sorry..." 

"Don't be sorry, be quiet!" Morgana growled from Akira's bag. His stern voice transformed
into a startled mewl as Akira firmly pressed down on his furry head.

"Come on you two, we need to focus. We've got a job to do." Akira told them with a resigned
voice. "Morgana, can you tell us more about the first step?" He asked. 

Morgana gave a small grumble and shook Akira's hand from his head. "Well, the thing we
gotta do first is scope the place out. As thieves, knowing more about the Palace's layout and
defenses will—"

"Heeeeeey! Akira! Ryuji!"

The conversation immediately ground to a halt as someone called out to them in a voice they
all recognised. Morgana's seriousness melted away like butter in a skillet. "Aaah! A voice so
sweet could only belong to one~!" The cat immediately purred. 

There was a flash of familiar twintails as the surprise arrival ran up to them, dressed in a red
varsity jacket over a button-up, leggings, and a white skirt. It was unfamiliar attire, but the



girl wearing it was unmistakable.

"Ann?!" Ryuji squawked in alarm and glanced to a similarly shocked Akira. Just like
Kamoshida, Ann also hadn't been present at school today, not that they could blame her. The
emotional rollercoaster she endured yesterday would have left anybody exhausted. 

Today though, she looked full of energy, if her brisk jog and eager stare had anything to say
about it. But that begged the question, if she took the day off, then why come here now? It
was a question they didn't have much time to ponder before Ann was upon them. 

"I figured I'd find you guys here!" The blonde girl declared. She seemed somewhat proud of
herself. 

"Uh...yeah? We go to school here. 'Course you'll find us hanging around." Ryuji deadpanned.

Ann chose not to comment on that and placed her hand on her hip with a begrudging pout. "I
wouldn't have had to guess if you guys actually responded to my texts. I haven't been able to
get a hold of either of you since last night!"

She seemed a little peeved at that, and understandably so. The last time she had seen them
was a tense and dangerous situation, and all she got from them were a couple of texts. She
probably hadn't been able to calm down until she saw everyone together and unharmed.

"S-Sorry about that, Ann." Akira quickly apologised. "Must have slipped my--"

But his words immediately died out when a pair of slender arms encircled his waist, and his
lower vision was taken up by platinum-blonde hair that carried the scent of strawberries.

It took a few seconds for Akira's brain to catch up before he realised that Ann was hugging
him. 

And a few more seconds to realise that she was very, very close to him.

Akira could feel his face take on a slight warmth as the girl squeezed him tightly, and he
found himself unable to speak. He liked to think that he was usually on top of things, but
right now, his mind was drawing a blank. What should he do? Was he supposed to hug her
back? Stand there? Pat her head?

Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Ryuji staring at them with a shocked expression, so
it wasn't just him that didn't have a clue what the hell was going on right now. 

"Uh...um...A-Ann...?" Akira stuttered dumbly, prompting the girl to pull back a little and look
him in the eye. Her earlier irritation had vanished from her demeanour, and all that was left
was a gentle gratitude.

"Akira," she whispered. "Thank you. "Thank you so, so much..." She smiled at him. Warm.
Grateful. "What you did for Shiho yesterday...it was so amazing, so cool. And I...and I..." 

Ann seemed to stumble a little with her words for a moment, but quickly found them again.
"...I'm just really glad that you're okay too." She spoke in as earnest a tone she could manage.



"Ah..." Akira let out a small sound in response while guilt started to form in his chest.
Carelessly leaving Ann's fears to fester; of course she'd be worried about him. Kamoshida
had left scars too deep for her to just assume that everything was alright.

It was that guilt that allowed him to find his voice. "S-Sorry, Ann," he sighed. "I didn't mean
to worry you..."

Ann glanced at him with a complex expression as he continued. "We should have kept you in
the loop." He lifted his hands and gently placed them on the girl's shoulders. "But I'm okay, I
promise. Not a scratch on me." 

"Yeah," Ann murmured. "I-I guess I knew that already. It's just..." Her gaze lowered to the
ground and she let out a soft breath. "...It's just scary, y'know? A part of me thought that I was
trading you for Shiho."

Akira wasn't quite sure what to say to that. He was still pretty new to this whole having
friends thing, but he could understand where Ann was coming from. Kamoshida was a
dangerous man and was used to getting his way. He towered over Shujin like a cold shadow,
malicious and untouchable. Ann was likely in the same boat as most of the school's
population, believing that the man had no equal. That he could only be appeased and not
subdued.

That was, until Akira came along.

"Uh, hey, not to break up the moment or nothin' but... people are startin' to stare." Came the
sudden interjection from the second blond. 

"Eh?" Ann squeaked as she and Akira looked back to Shujin and saw the few stragglers that
remained looking at them wide-eyed or frantically whispering to their peers. 

"Ack!" Ann yelped and jumped away from Akira like she'd been electrocuted. "Sorry!" She
hastily apologised.

Akira cleared his throat in a vain attempt to dispel the awkwardness, rubbing the back of his
neck. "Um, yeah, you don't have to apologise. No problem." 

God, he hoped that there weren't enough witnesses here to feed Shujin's rumour mill.

"He-Hey! Lady Ann!" Came a perturbed cry from Akira's bag. "I had Akira take notes for
you! He wouldn't have done it if I didn't remind him!" 

Akira rolled his eyes. The cat couldn't sound more jealous if he tried. 

"Ah, yeah," Akira muttered as he pulled his bag off and dug into it, reaching around Morgana
and retrieving a few sheets of paper and handing them to Ann. "You weren't here today, so
you'll probably need these." 

"Oh, thanks!" Ann was quick to smile and took the pages from Akira, giving them a quick
skim over. It was like she was attempting to also move past that awkward moment.



"I should share these with Shiho as well. Midterms are coming up..." Ann muttered to
herself. 

"Egrh! Don't remind me..." Ryuji moaned. "I haven't studied at all. I'm gunna flop these
freakin' exams..." 

"How is Suzui doing, by the way? Yesterday got...pretty intense." Akira asked. 

Ann looked up from the notes and gave him a grateful look. "She's a bit shaken up, but she's
okay. She's at my place right now." She glanced over to the grey building just across the
street. "Going to school is..."

"Yeah, a bad idea." Akira nodded. He looked at the blonde seriously. "Ann, you gotta keep
Shiho away from Shujin for the time being. I don't care if you need to tie her to a chair or
send her to sample sweets in Harakjuku; don't let her come to school until we get this
Kamoshida situation sorted out."

Ann frowned a little "What if the school calls her parents?" She asked. 

"What about her parents?" Akira scoffed. "Suzui must've been coming home with bruises and
sprains for months on end, and they didn't do anything because Kamoshida was a bigshot
athlete who was giving her the time of day. They either don't give a crap, or they're ignorant
to the point of negligence." He spoke firmly.

"I-I mean...yeah, I guess." Ann admitted. "I just hope that they realise their mistake when
Kamoshida--" The girl suddenly paused and looked at Akira wide-eyed. "Wait...Ka-
Kamoshida's still a problem? But I thought...I thought you took care of him!" She cried.

"Oh, he took care of him, alright." Ryuji grimaced. "By the time I got there, the office was a
mess, and Kamoshida was 'effed up. And then there was the bat! Dude, you remember the
bat?" Ryuji looked at Akira with an eager grin.

"The bat I used to clean Kamoshida's clock all over the PE Faculty Office floor? Can't seem
to recall..." Akira gave a sarcastic response. His smug grin couldn't have been more obvious.

"Holy crap..." Ann gaped. 

"But all I did was scare him, and that's not gonna last forever. I say...maybe a week before he
feels safe enough to do anything, probably two if I show up outside his house at 2am." Akira
theorised, ignoring the slightly uncomfortable looks from Ann and Ryuji.

"So...what are we gonna do?" Ann asked.

"It's what we're gonna do that's important." Ryuji pointed to himself and Akira. "You're
gonna focus on keeping Suzui safe. You can't get any more involved than you already are."
He grunted, stern. 

"H-Huh? But I...?" Ann stammered.



"No, Ann." Akira shook his head. "Remember what I said yesterday? What we're doing is
legitimately going to be dangerous, and could have serious consequences."

"Y-You're still going on about that? You can't just expect me to do nothing, especially after
what that bastard tried to do to Shiho!" Ann protested. Her earlier irritation hadn't been lost at
all, it would seem. "I don't even know what you're gonna do!"

"'t's better that way!" Ryuji shot back. "You just hafta wait, and we'll take care of everything."
He assured her. Ann didn't look appeased though.

"That's not fair! I don't wanna be protected, I want to do something! I want to--"

"This could end with blood on our hands Ann."

Akira's declaration immediately stopped the argument, as everybody looked at him with wide
eyes. 

"Dude! Don't tell her that!" Ryuji hissed. 

But Akira shook his head. "It's the only way she'll understand." He responded solemnly. 

Ann's expression had settled into one of shock. Blood on their hands? Did that mean what she
thought it meant? 

Akira sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "Look, Ann. Kamoshida is not a man that we
can stop with anything short of the most drastic measures. He gets away with abuse, sexual
assault, and takes futures away from students who've done nothing wrong." He stressed. "But
we can stop that. Because there's something we can do. Something only we can do..."

Ann looked at Akira without a word. It was easy to assume that her head was buzzing with
questions and assumptions. Perhaps if he could allay them...

"Ann...I'll tell you what our plan is. I'll tell you exactly what we're going to do. You're at least
owed that much." Akira held up his hand to stop any protests from Morgana and Ryuji before
they even happened. "But you have to promise me that you'll stay out of it and not say a word
to anyone. I'm being completely serious here." He told her. There was absolutely no room for
joking or whimsy.

Ann stared at him with a conflicted look for a few moments. She seemed to weigh her
options, not that she had that many. Eventually though, she sighed and nodded her head,
slipping her hand into her jacket pockets. "Fine...I promise..." She answered reluctantly

"Good."

And so, Akira started to give the details on their entire plan. He told Ann everything; spared
no detail. All they had discussed and all they had devised was lain bare to the blonde. He told
her about venturing through Kamoshida's Palace, the change of heart, and of course, the risk
of mental shutdown. He was especially clear on that part, just so there'd be no question as to
how risky this method was. 



When Akira was done, Ann stood there in a stunned quiet, her expression indescribable, as if
her face couldn't decide which emotion to show. 

To think that this whole plan that they had kept her in the dark about involved that terrifying
world that she never wished to return to. And Akira, Ryuji and Morgana were jumping back
into it willingly? Putting themselves in danger. Holding a life in their hands?

It was a burden that she wouldn't wish on anybody. Especially someone like Akira. For a
moment, she even considered speaking up. Telling them that this was too drastic. Too
dangerous. That there had to be another way...

But then she remembered the call she received in the restaurant. Remembered how
Kamoshida callously tried to punish her for standing up to him by replacing her with Shiho.
Remembered how, even on the way home, Shiho hadn't stopped trembling. Remembered how
scared she had been until they could sit on the couch at her place and try to forget the horrible
events with a bowl of chocolates and whatever was on TV. Remembered what would have
happened if Akira had been just one minute late...

She couldn't stop them. Not after all Kamoshida had done. All he would do. Not after they
had resolved to do what no one else would, no matter the consequence.

But still...

She was brought out of her musing as she felt a hand on her shoulder. Akira had reached out
and gave her a reassuring nod.

"Try not to worry, Ann, okay? When this is all over, we can just go back to being regular
students. Shujin will be safe for all the volleyball team. For Suzui. For you." He smiled at her.
A soft, gentle smile that completely contrasted the mighty badass Akira was underneath.
"And when this is all over, we can all go out somewhere nice to eat. You can even bring
Shiho along too. My treat!" He offered. 

"Oh! So you'll treat her, but you won't pay ME back for spending my own money on you..."
Ryuji grumbled from behind Akira, crossing his arms. 

Akira rolled his eyes and glanced to Ryuji. "Stop whining, I'll pay you back within the
hour..." He responded, before pausing and briefly glancing down at Morgana. "I'll be able to
pay him back within the hour, right?" He asked the cat.

"Hmpf, if we do everything right..." Morgana responded.

"See! Nothing to worry about!" Akira announced. It could be argued that there was quite a lot
to worry about.

Ann said nothing. She didn't move an inch as Akira stepped back from her. He chose to take
that as compliance. 

"Alright," he sighed, glancing over to Ryuji. "Let's get to work."

"Right! Let's do it!"



And the blonde girl watched as the pair, plus cat retreated further into the alleyway, away
from prying eyes. She watched as Akira pulled out his phone and navigated to the curious
app. And she watched in astonishment as the trio suddenly blurred into nothingness, as if
they had been erased from existence by an invisible... something. 

And then...she was alone, standing outside of the alley with nothing but a chest heavy with
anxiety. She waited five minutes. And then ten. The student migration had slowed to maybe
one a minute.

The girl then looked down at the ground and pulled her hands out of her jacket pockets.

 

Her fingers were crossed.

 

"I'm sorry, Akira. But I can't...I can't just do nothing."

Ann didn't know what she could do. And her better judgement bade her to reconsider. But she
wouldn't. Ann could tell that if she didn't do this, then she'd regret it forever. Even if it meant
returning to that world. Even if it meant facing up to that even more horrible version of
Kamoshida. Even if she could only provide a single second of assistance, she had to try.

It was irrational, foolish and dangerous above all else, but Ann didn't care. She had to help
put this demon to rest.

She wandered into the alley whilst pulling out her phone, with an ominous red glow coating
her face as soon as she launched the app. She took a deep breath, tried to control her
trembling, closed her eyes and tapped the button. 

"Beginning navigation..."

Ann felt it before she saw it. The oppressive sensation that tingled against her skin. It was a
familiar and entirely unwelcome feeling. It almost felt like she was being consumed by a
virus, which was supposed to be the Palace's attempts to force its influence onto her, if she
remembered Morgana's lecture correctly.

Idly, she wondered if something like UV sunscreen would repel that uneasy sensation, but no,
that would just be stupid.

...right?

She opened her eyes and immediately noticed the muted colours permeating through the
already dismal alley. Glancing up at the sky, she could see it was pink instead of blue, just
like it was the first time she came here. It was unquestionable; she was back in the Metaverse.
Back in this hellish place.



"God, this is so crazy..." Ann whispered to herself. To think she could return to this place on
her own accord after what had happened, all without knowing if she could even help. For a
moment, the rational part of her brain surfaced, told her that this was asinine, that she should
leave the way she came before she ended up getting in the way. But she quickly shut it down.
Buried that decision under the desire to help, to take part in the downfall of the man who had
come within a hair's breadth from raping her friend. To help the person who wished to deliver
her from all of her grief.

In any case, she wasn't going to get anything done by simply remaining in the alleyway. She'd
given the guys a ten minute head start, so hopefully by the time they realised she followed
them, it would be more trouble than it was worth to force her out.

She nodded. "Alright...I just need to stay low and keep quiet." She muttered as she turned
around to face the castle. "As soon as I meet up with the the others, I can—"

"You can do what, Ann?"

 

...crap.

 

"H-Heeeeeyyyy, guys...!" Ann awkwardly greeted. She forced a smile, as if that would do
anything to rectify the situation.

Standing just at the exit to the alleyway was Akira and Ryuji, clad in black three-piece suits
and leather jackets, staring hard at her behind domino and skull masks. Akira had his arms
crossed and looked completely unamused while Ryuji stared at her, jaw agape.

"Dude...what the hell are you doing here!? We told you to stay out of this!" The blond cried
in sheer disbelief.

"I-I...um...it's so-sorta like this–"

"Save it, Ann," Akira spoke in a thorny tone of voice that Ann couldn't help but flinch from.
"I told you to let us handle this. You literally just promised me that you wouldn't get
involved!"

Ann felt her voice immediately leave her, and she couldn't manage a retort. Not that she had
anything to retort with. Another poor move was failing to come up with anything to say when
she'd eventually meet up with the guys. She thought that she'd have time for that!

"What would have happened if we weren't here? What if you ran into more of those knights?
This place is dangerous, Ann! What was I going to tell Suzui if you got killed, huh? Use your
goddamn head!" Akira snarled. It was such a contrast from the kind boy who told her
everything would be alright a mere ten minutes ago. It made Ann feel like the scum of the
earth, even if all she wanted to do was help.



Akira let out an aggravated groan and pinched the bridge of his nose, or the part the mask
covered anyway. He couldn't help getting frustrated considering that this was a tense
situation, and Ann just strolled in here to make their job more difficult.

But before Akira could continue to berate her, they heard Morgana's voice harshly whisper at
them. "All of you get in cover and stay quiet! The guards could be back any second!"

Everyone glanced at the not-cat, who peeked out from behind the wall emblazoned with the
name 'Shujin Academy'. When he ascertained that the coast was clear he waved the others
towards him and mouthed "Hurry! Hurry!"

"Shit..." Ryuji shook his head and dashed over to hide behind the wall next to Morgana.

Ann immediately felt her heart rate spike. She could feel the same kind of dread that ran
through her body the first time when she was here. If it wasn't for Akira grabbing her wrist
and rushing over to the wall with her in tow, she may not have moved at all.

In any case, once they were hidden, Morgana peeked out from behind the wall, pointy ears
twitching as he tried to detect any sounds that indicated the arrival of the Shadows.

"What's the sitch, Mona?" Ryuji asked with a low voice. "We still clear?"

The question went unanswered for a few seconds, and Ryuji was about to ask again before
Morgana pulled himself backwards so fast he nearly tottered over. "Not clear! Not clear!" He
hissed.

Immediately, the other three could hear the sound of shuffling, rapidly clanking metal and
distorted grunting. It was the unmistakable sound of Kamoshida's legion of Shadows. No one
dared move an inch.

Ann was seriously trying not to freak out. The sheer tension of the moment had her holding
her breath for longer than she thought possible. Had the knights already detected them?
Should they run?

The answer to that question was no, as thankfully, the procession of knights didn't come
anywhere close to their hiding spot. Instead, they passed by with an audible haste that
indicated an important task.

Morgana waited for half a minute before he slowly peered around the wall again just to
confirm that no one had spotted them, and that appeared to be the case.

Since watching was apparently fine, Ryuji shuffled over and took a glance around the wall as
well. His curious gaze was soon joined by Akira's and then Ann's.

They saw an entire squadron of Kamoshida's knights moving about. Several of them were
stacking sandbags and another group had thick logs propped up while using chisels and
gouges to form them into large wooden stakes.

Ann's brow quirked with in confusion. "Wh-What are they doing?" She whispered.



Ryuji squinted at the scene, the more intrinsic features of his expression hidden behind his
skull mask. "They've been bringing out sandbags 'n shit ever since we got here. Looks like
they're going to war..."

A noticeable difference to the armoured, mask-wearing abominations was a knight clad in a
complete suit of golden armour with a firey plume atop its helmet. That guy was clearly a
rank or two above the other guys.

A knight captain of some kind?

"hUrRy uP, yOu lAyAbOuTs!" The high-ranking Shadow's distorted voice grated on their
ears. "LoRd kAmOsHiDa hAs eStImAtEd mErE HoUrS BeFoRe oUr fOe aRrIvEs! We
mUsT SeCuRe tHe pErImEtEr!"

Ann looked down at Morgana with a bewildered expression. "They're trying to strengthen
their defenses? Is...is that normal, Morgana?" She questioned.

Morgana thought for a few seconds before he shook his head. "I've been to a few Palaces
already, and aside from an increase in guards, none of them ever made an effort to fortify
themselves like this. It's really bizarre..."

"Not like this whole situation ain't effed up to begin with..." Ryuji muttered. "What do you
think they mean by 'foe'?" He asked.

Morgana took a moment to contemplate the scene before them. "I couldn't say. But if I had to
guess, it's probably a result of the Palace's security level being so high, likely because of the
stunt that this one pulled," he said, thumbing towards Akira.

"I did nothing wrong." The frizzy-haired teen responded curtly.

Ann bit her lip. If there was any part of her that was questioning the direness of this
endeavour, it had now been sufficiently quashed. "S-So, you're saying that we can't infiltrate
the palace?" She questioned

Thoughtfulness danced in Morgana's blue eyes and he rubbed his cheek. "It'll be tricky, but
not impossible." He deduced. "Most of the guards are out fortifying defenses, so the interior
of the Palace itself will be minimally guarded. If we can find an opportunity to slip past the
knights outside..."

Ryuji's face lit up. "Then there'll be less on the inside to keep us from the treasure!"

"So if we can get inside, we'll have an easier time moving around." Ann hummed.

The two boys plus cat glanced at Ann critically and she felt a wave of apprehension. "Wh-
What?" She asked.

"Ann," Akira sighed. "You're not coming with us. You're gonna turn around, go home and let
us deal with this. Like you promised."

"What!? B-But I–"



"I know you want to help, but this isn't a game. Without a Persona, this place is a deathtrap."
Akira explained. Of course, he was an outlier to that statement...

"Th-Then I'll get one! You just gotta get angry, right? I'm angry! I'm so pissed off at
Kamoshida that I want to shove his stupid volleyballs down his throat!" Ann grunted as she
balled up her fists.

"Ann, it's..." Akira shook his head "...it's not that simple. I don't understand shit about getting
a Persona, but it isn't as simple as just getting angry. I'd prefer that you stay safe in the real
world than chance that you'll awaken to one here." He told her.

He stared back at Ann's aggrieved face with unrelenting seriousness. "Plus, if it turns out that
Kamoshida does have a mental shutdown from this, then the less people accountable for
that–"

"I don't care."

"What?"

Ann looked down at the ground, and her clenched fists started to tremble. "Shiho...she was so
afraid. Even when we got home, she couldn't stop shaking. ...Do you know how hard it is to
see your best friend like that? I wanted to help so bad but... It was like before. I-I couldn't do
anything."

The guys went silent while Ann continued to speak lowly.

"I felt helpless. Like nothing. Like nothing I did mattered. All this time, I've done nothing but
watch as you stepped in to save us, time and time again. I couldn't save Shiho any other way
than by being friends with you."

"Ann. That's–"

"And I know it's selfish. But I want to do something. I need to do something. Even if it means
Kamoshida could die, even if it means that I could die. I can't hang back and be...nothing
anymore. I wanna stand on my own two feet."

Akira was silent as he stared at the blonde.

"I'll do whatever you tell me to do in there, and I'll stick to you guys like glue. I'll try to-- no,
I won't get in your way. And even if it hurts, I'll try to get a Persona too. I need to help tear
down this castle, even if it's just a little bit. So please, please let me help you." Ann begged.
She looked to be seconds away from going full dogeza.

Both Morgana and Ryuji were stunned at the declaration, and neither of them seemed to
know what to say. So, both of them deferred to Akira. "So uh...what's the call here?" The
skull-masked boy asked.

Akira turned his eyes up at the dismal sky. To be honest, if that was all Ann had to give, then
he probably wouldn't have been convinced. Ann's safety and her innocence mattered more
than her whims of being an asset ever could.



But they weren't just words. It was the resolve; the courage burning within them that truly
stated her case. Ann was scared, but she still chose to put on a brave face. To finally stand up
against the bastard that was ruining her life. To run no longer.

It was naive, but someone like Akira respected that resolve. To give all she could, even if it
wasn't much. And with such a genuine desire, maybe...

"Haaah," Akira placed a hand against his head. "I must be out of my freaking mind..." He
muttered.

The trio looked at him with surprise. But the lone girl's shocked face quickly flushed with
gratitude.

"You'll do exactly as I say, exactly when I say it. If I tell you to hide, hide. If I tell you to run,
run. If you so much as sneeze without my permission, we're taking you straight home. Do
you understand?"

Ann swallowed and nodded her head. She wasn't going to whine about the strictness when it
was already a miracle that Akira was letting her tag along.

"Ann..." Akira furrowed his brow in warning. Silence wasn’t enough.

"Y-Yes, I understand!" Ann's voice cracked from nerves.

"Well, if he thinks that it's okay..." Ryuji scratched his scalp resignedly. As if this job wasn't
already going to be stressful enough without a Persona-less party member shadowing them.

"Oh I don't," Akira said. "But if she wants to help so bad she'll follow us into this fucked up
reality, then the safest thing we can do is take her with us. I don't trust her to stay out of this if
we returned her right now anyway. She's still got the app, remember?"

Ah, that was a good point. The last thing they needed was Ann wandering in here alone,
which she had almost done not a few minutes ago.

"O-Oh come on! It's not like I want to look for trouble!" Ann exclaimed. But all she got in
return were a set of stares that had her shrinking back.

"Well, like it or not, you've stepped headfirst into it. So you better stay close and do what I
tell you." Akira told her. "And if you put even a toe out of line, you're uninvited to the
outing."

"Wha--? Hey!" Ann whined. That wasn't fair! Going out to eat with friends sounded really
fun...

"Oh! And not just that, I'll ask Shiho what your favourite foods are and I'll order them for
myself. Then I'll send you a picture of every bite I take. Down to the last crumb..."

 

What!?



 

That... that was cruel and unusual punishment! Akira couldn't do that to her! Her chocolate
parfaits with extra whipped cream...

"Look, just don't pull any crazy stunts, and we won't have any problems," Akira concluded.

"Oh, you mean like how you didn't kick down those massive doors and beat a bajillion
knights in like, two seconds the last time we were here?" Ryuji snorted. Akira rolled his eyes
and flipped the blond the bird.

He then dug into his coat and took out something that had Ann's eyes widening.

 

A handgun.

 

"We'll try to protect you, but there's no telling what could happen in a fight. So if you think
that you're in danger, use this. It's only got eight shots, so use it only if you think you have no
other choice." Akira explained.

Ann slowly reached out and wrapped her hand around the grip of the gun. It was true what
they said, guns were heavier than they looked. She hefted it in her grasp a few times, trying
to adjust to its deceptive weight.

Akira stepped back and allowed Ann to get used to the feel of the gun. It wasn't exactly a
foolproof plan, but it was better than nothing. Akira needed that insurance, if for nothing else
than his own peace of mind.

There was a frantic hiss as Morgana made a grab at their attention, and they spun around to
look at the not-cat.

"Guys! There's a break in the patrols! Now's our chance! We'll sneak in through the vents."
Morgana whispered, his tail swishing frantically.

Ryuji sighed and nodded his head. "Right. Now or never." He glanced back at the pair.
"Ready, Joker?" He asked the teen clad in black.

"...Joker?" Ann asked, tilting her head like a confused puppy.

"We'll explain later," Akira answered quickly. "We gotta move. Come on." He waved her to
follow, hands clad in crimson gloves.

Ann swallowed and gripped the pistol tighter. "R-Right!" She squeaked. "Lead on, Joker!"

The first thing that the group learned when they got into their first fight with a Shadow was
just how intricate the nuances of combat got. Shadows came in numerous forms that were



revealed once they snuck up and ripped the masks off of the knights. They had weaknesses
and strengths that could be exploited to gain an edge in battle.

Unfortunately, there was no way to know what they were weak to without just throwing
magic at it. Lightning, curse and wind were all they had to work with right now, and while it
was good to know what kind of Shadow was weak to what, it wasn't sustainable. None of
them had unlimited magic, and if they were careless, they could run out.

The second thing they learned was that Akira was frighteningly good at negotiations...

As soon as Morgana taught them that they could convince Shadows to give up money and
items, Akira rushed up to the two-horned horse they were fighting and gave it a rising kick to
the chin, knocking it onto its back with its legs in the air like a dead fly.

While both the team and the Shadow tried to figure out what the hell had happened, Akira
placed his foot on the horse's belly and grinned down at it cruelly.

"Cash. Now." He demanded from the Shadow roughly.

"Gah! Y-you won't get a--!"

"I won't get a single yen out of you, right? That's what you're gonna say?" Akira added
weight to his foot.

"Gngh...!"

"I'm not in the mood to play games, so here's what's going to happen. You're going to cough
up every last yen you have, or I'll break off both your horns and sell those instead!"

"Wh-what...!?"

"Actually, no. I'll only sell one of them, and the other one I'll give back to you..."

Akira's grin grew even more menacing as he got closer to the horse's face.

"Wanna guess where I'll put it...?"

"Heeeeek! T-take it! Take it all!"

The Shadow immediately folded and despite having hooves, somehow managed to throw a
smattering of coins and bills at Akira.

Akira chuckled and removed his foot. "Pleasure doing business..." He sneered.

In the background, Ryuji, Ann and Morgana were staring at the scene, none of them quite
sure what to say.

"Is uh...is this how negotiations are supposed to work?" Ann asked.



"I feel like I'm watching something totally different to a negotiation..." Ryuji added, his usual
slouch now pulled ramrod straight.

Morgana gave an awkward chuckle as he watched the Shadow flee and Akira grab the
money. "I uh...well if it works..."

"Guys!" Akira called out to them, his prior cruel demeanour swapped with a sunny
disposition with sparkles drifting off him. "He gave us five thousand yen!"

The cat gulped. Defeating enemies in a Palace like this should have yielded only a tenth of
that amount and Akira had squeezed out ten times the yield from just one Shadow.

Yup, he had definitely created a monster.

After Akira divvied the money between all of them, (letting Ryuji keep his share to finally
pay off his debt) the team advanced through the castle, sneaking around corners and taking
the enemy by surprise whenever they could. Each battle ended pretty much the same way:
with Akira standing over their defeated foe and demanding money like a regular punk.

A punk that was very good at squeezing out oodles of cash from his victims.

 

"Don't wanna pay me in cash? Fine, I'll take your teeth as tribute then!"

 

"Your wings look so delicate. I wonder if they'd survive being nailed to the wall..."

 

"You seem like a smart Shadow. Give me your money and maybe I won't be hiding under
your bed later tonight..."

 

Every single Shadow cracked and desperately paid to not have Akira rearrange their
skeletons. Akira might have felt a bit bad, but Morgana had told him that Shadows had deep
pockets which refilled after each encounter. So he could mug to his heart's content with none
of the guilt that came afterwards.

It would be inevitable however that they would eventually run into a Shadow that had
nothing to give, no matter what Akira said.

"Ple-Please! I sw-swear! I don't have a single yen on me! N-Not one!" A whimpering fairy
stammered. The Shadow looked to be on the verge of tears, but that didn't earn her any
sympathy from the one whose shoe she was currently pinned under.



Akira groaned and brought his foot lower, making the Shadow gasp timidly and claw against
the rugged leather. "You're testing my patience," he told her. "And I don't have much of it left.
You better give us something if you don't want me to turn you into a stain on the rug."

"N-No...I swear...!"

The teen frowned. He had tried a bunch of different threats that had usually worked on prior
marks, but the Shadow wasn't budging. Perhaps she truly didn't have anything...

"Joker!" Morgana called. Akira looked at him with a small "Hm?"

The not-cat shook his head. "There's no point wasting time on stubborn Shadows. If she
really had anything, she would have given it by now. Just kill her and we can move on."

"W-Wait!" The fairy Shadow held up a hand in a final attempt to bargain. "I...I don't have
anything...b-but I can join you guys! You seem cool a-and confident, we could t-totes get
along!"

Akira glanced back down at the Shadow, unimpressed. "I'm seconds away from needing to
scrape what's left of you off the bottom of my shoe, and you think we can "get along?" He
asked.

The fairy winced, but she nodded her head frantically. "Y-Yes! I swear-- I'll renounce King
Kamoshida's rule and fight by your side!"

And in that moment, the Shadow's countenance suddenly changed, her face shifting from
terror to realisation, as if she had been struck by some kind of epiphany.

Seeing the shift in expression had Akira frowning in confusion. What was this Shadow's
deal?

Before he could ask that question, the Shadow spoke up in a calm voice. "I remember now.
I...I don't belong to King Kamoshida! I am an existence that drifts about in the sea of
humanity's souls."

"Say what...?" Akira asked. He took a quick glance over at Morgana, but he seemed to be just
as clueless as to what was happening as Akira was.

"My real name...is Pixie. I'm Pixie! From now on, I'll live on inside your heart!" She
declared.

"You'll live on in my...huh!?" Akira asked, completely dumbfounded, but by the time he
looked back, Pixie was already shrouded in a blue light that zipped away from under Akira's
foot. Before he could even attempt to understand what was going on, the light rushed straight
to his face.

"I am thou. Thou art I."

Akira, like the combat extraordinaire who had put countless hours into refining his reflexes
that he was, stood there like a complete moron as the light flew into his face. Or more



specifically, his mask. He felt it warm up as it glowed with some kind of strange power. It felt
oddly pleasant, like a warm flannel on a chilly morning.

It seemed to die down soon enough, and once it had, there was no sign of the Pixie. That
strange business with his mask hadn't seemed to affect him in any way, no injuries or
anything.

With nothing to go on, the group had no choice but to continue forward without finding out
exactly what happened.

That was until they entered their very next fight when Pixie leapt out of Akira's mask instead
of Arsené and everybody lost their shit.

Click...ka-klick...

 

"...so not only are you crazy good at fighting, but you can negotiate with Shadows and turn
them into your Persona, which you can then fight with, and you can hold multiple at once on
top of that! I knew that you were special but this...this is something else!" Morgana rambled
enthusiastically.

"Yeah, I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that normal rules don't apply to this guy."
Ryuji hummed as he peeked around the corner, keeping an eye out for any guards.

They had taken a wrong turn at one point and hit a dead end, but it wasn't all bad, it had given
Morgana the opportunity to teach Akira another essential art in thievery.

 

Click...ka-klick...

 

Ann had taken to sitting on a sofa right next to Ryuji and glanced at the blond boy. "You
know, I've got to say that it's kind of weird to think that a girl is technically in his head now.
What if she shares girl secrets with him?"

Ryuji looked back to Ann and raised a brow behind his mask. "Girl secrets? Like what?"

Ann huffed in reply and crossed her arms. "Wouldn't you like to know..."

 

Click...ka-klick...

 



"Ooh, maybe he'll want to dress up as a magical girl, and fight the forces of evil with love~"
Ryuji snickered. He put his hands together in a heart shape and put on a high-pitched voice.
"I, the embodiment of light and love will beat you with the power of friendship, hope and my
fists, mwah~!"

And Ann completely lost it. She desperately tried to hold back her laughter since it would
likely give them away to any nearby Shadows. But the thought of Akira doing something like
that was just too funny! She fell sideways on the couch whilst covering her mouth to keep the
giggles in.

Of course, Akira overheard all of this and rolled his eyes. At least they were having fun...?

"No, keep the tension on the pins as you turn, otherwise you'll have to start over!" A
supervising Morgana scolded him.

"Ah, sorry!" Akira whispered as he turned his attention back to the lock he was trying to pick
on this treasure chest. He sucked in a breath and slowly worked on the lock, just like
Morgana had taught him. A feather touch, a feel for the shear-lines, six pins to set in place...

 

Click...ka-klick...

 

"...but seriously, what girl secrets? I wanna know!"

"Pft, I'm not telling you. It's bad enough that he might know...!"

 

...

 

You know, Akira didn't really have any friends back in Okinawa. He had a few acquaintances
at school, but nothing that was worth mentioning. Morning Glory was the closest thing he
had to a social circle.

But listening to the pair of blondes bicker while Morgana coached him in the art of
lockpicking, he would be lying if he said he didn't feel a sense of unity forming, both out of
battle and in it.

It had taken some getting used to, fighting in a team. A part of Akira had, and still was,
willing to fight through this entire labyrinth alone, but Morgana had insisted that fighting in a
team was safer. When in a team, you had someone to watch your back, who could play roles
that you couldn't. Each burden lifted from each member was an essential factor that tipped
the scales in their favour.



It wasn't perfect, of course. They were a bit sloppy when it came to combat, and Akira did
feel that it may be easier to do it himself...but he could see potential. Ryuji, Morgana, and
perhaps even Ann, would go from battle neophytes to capable fighters that he could trust
wholeheartedly in a brawl.

 

...At least in the Metaverse.

 

But for now, he could hold back, let them get a feel for fighting, and give them opportunities
to grow. Wait his turn and then bring the pain.

Of course, that wasn't to say that he just stood there while they were in a fight. Especially
when the enemy attacked him. Honestly, what idiot would just stand there and let the enemy
get a free hit in?

In the recreational area of a Kamuro penitentiary, Prisoner 1119 sat in an uncomfortable
metal chair, holding a worn acoustic guitar, surrounded by the chatter of other inmates either
playing board games or reading, pretty much any menial activity to stave off boredom.

He shifted in the rickety seat. It wasn't ideal, but it was better than sitting on the ground.
Opened on the nearby table was a book titled 'Guitar for Dummies.'

He plucked the strings idly and listened to the melodic twangs in response. He sighed and
skimmed the page he was currently on before putting his fingers on what he thought were the
right frets.

Welp, he had eight years in the clink. He may as well learn how to play an instrument in the
meantime.

He placed his fingers on the C and D strings and strummed out a mangled version of his
favourite song.

"So...come on...let's go...level...up...!"

Ka-klick!

 

The lock finally gave way and Akira breathed a sigh of relief. He had managed to
successfully pick his first lock!

"Yes! You did it, Joker!" Morgana cheered. "Keep that up, and every chest is ours for the
taking!" The cat announced. Then he grinned sheepishly. "...for as long as I've got
lockpicks..." He added.



Akira chuckled and pried open the chest to claim the spoils inside. Whatever it was, it was
sure to go for a bunch of--

 

...huh...

 

Akira reached into the chest and pulled out a weighty object about the size of his palm.

It was a golden bust.

Of Kamoshida.

Ugh...maybe he should bin it...

 

...

 

Eh, money's money.

The scouting of the castle was going well. They met minimal resistance as they made their
ways through the gaudy halls. With most of the Palace's forces out the front, bolstering its
defences, they practically had free reign of the place. There was only a few stragglers
roaming about that they could easily deal with, and after learning about Akira's ability to
wield multiple Personas, the party set up a balance of getting new Persona and then getting
money.

It was a nice system, but a big flaw in it was that picking fights wherever they could was
sapping their stamina. Ryuji had limits of how much lightning he could throw around, and
Ann's own stamina was taking a toll due to the constant hiding, running, and the general
atmosphere of the Metaverse.

It truly hit home just how dangerous this place could be. Whether you were a Persona-user or
an ordinary person, this dimension would wear you down, one way or another.

Akira watched as Ann gradually shuffled forward, using the left wall of the corridor to move
along. She was clearly pushing herself. Beads of sweat ran down her forehead and if he
looked close, he could see her legs trembling.

He had to say something.

"Ann, it's obvious you're reaching your limit. Maybe we should double back to the Safe
Room so you can take a breather?" He suggested.



"H-Huh?" Ann squeaked. "N-No, you don't need to do that! I'm...I'm fine!" She insisted. But
she wasn't fooling anyone. Even Morgana with his blind infatuation with Ann couldn't ignore
the girl's fatigue.

Akira frowned at her. "Ann..."

The twintailed blonde shook her head defiantly. "I'm fine!" She repeated, taking another step
forward. "I just...I just gotta catch my breath..."

Her hand slid along the wall while her eyes were glued to the floor. That was probably why
she didn't notice what she ended up leaning on until she fell through it.

That being a door.

"Whaaugh?!"

"Lady Ann!"

Ann landed on her rear with a thud and a sharp yelp. Thankfully, the worst that she got as she
fell through the door was a sore butt. She was disoriented, but otherwise unharmed.

Of course, Morgana was quick to scramble to the girl's side with a worried expression on his
round face. "You alright, Lady Ann?" He asked, like a two-foot-tall knight addressing his
queen.

"Y-Yeah, I'm good..." Ann muttered while pushing herself up. "Stupid door...I didn't even turn
the handle..." She grumbled.

"Gotta be more careful." Akira shrugged nonchalantly as he went over to help Ann to her
feet. And yes, he knew he was a smartass. The look Ann gave him as he pulled her to her feet
was funny.

"Th-The shit is this!?"

Ryuji's strangled cry took the pair by surprise. The blond's mask did nothing to hide the
unbridled alarm in his eyes and his mouth was open far enough that they could count all of
his teeth.

And once the pair looked up at the room that Ann had fallen into, they completely understood
Ryuji's reaction.

 

"Kyaaaaa~!"

"Punish me, Kamoshida-sensei~!"

"I can't wait any longer~"

"Put your hands all over me~!"



 

The room that they had just stumbled upon was filled with what could only be described as
pink facsimiles of girls that were wearing nothing but a shirt and bloomers. Lining the walls,
curled up on the floor, all of them moaning and writhing erotically.

 

And not a single one of them looked over 18.

 

Akira felt disgust well up inside him, his gaze darting from one girl to the next. It was
obvious what they were looking at; this was what Kamoshida saw the girls on the volleyball
team as. Nothing but toys, nothing but slaves that were starved for him.

It didn't matter to Kamoshida how well they could spike a volleyball, only that he could
watch their chests bounce as they played. It was revolting. Some of these girls... God, they
barely looked any older than Haruka...

(Arsené went apoplectic within his mask at the mere notion of the roles being reversed...)

 

Ann's flushed skin had quickly turned a pale white, and Ryuji was visibly incensed. How did
every single room they went into only strengthen the notion of how much of a bastard
Kamoshida was?

The group was only snapped out of their funk when a sharp slapping sound rang out from
around the corner, immediately followed by a loud whine.

"You fucking bitch! How dare you flee from your king! You'll pay for such disrespect!"

"Y-Yes King Kamoshida! Forgive me, King Kamoshida!"

The whimpering did not earn the recipient any mercy, as the slap sounded again, followed by
another pained whimper.

What sent shock shooting the spines of the eavesdropping party was that they recognised
those voices. One was obviously the voice of Kamoshida's Shadow, while the other one was
—

"Shiho...!" Ann gasped in horror.

Before the other three could stop her, Ann's sapped energy rushed back to her and she
sprinted through the swathes of girls before them, turning the corner like Hell was on her
heels.

"Ah! That idiot! Ann!" Ryuji hissed. He immediately ran after her, with Akira and Morgana
hot on his tail.



 

One job. She had one fucking job!

 

Upon turning the corner themselves, they found that Ann hadn't gotten far. She was frozen on
the spot, her expression warped into abject horror.

They had found themselves in a room that appeared to be similar to the back of a stage, with
red floor-to-ceiling drapes and candles lining the walls.

And right in the center of that room were two knights standing stalwart over Kamoshida's
Shadow. Next to the vile man was his equally perverted cognition of Ann, as ditzy and
bimbo-fied as before.

And strapped to a standing cross before Kamoshida...it was Shiho. A Cognitive version of
her, of course. She was dressed in the same skimpy attire as Cognitive Ann, save for the fact
that it was bunny-themed all the way down to cottontailed underwear and what could only be
described as a rabbit-eared tiara.

And the bruises...so many bruises marring a young girl who should have never seen this kind
of torment. Fist marks on her belly, grips that had left bruises on her wrists, swollen cheeks, a
black eye and harsh red welts all over. She had been tortured from head to toe and the sight of
Shiho in such a horrid state made Ann feel like she was going to vomit.

It must've been Kamoshida's Shadow venting his frustration at losing Shiho in the real world
to then punish his cognition of her. It was beyond disturbing, especially as Kamoshida raised
his hand and slapped the cognitive Shiho across her already bruised face. "Running off with
that scoundrel like you had any say in the matter... Who the hell do you think you
are!?"

"Like, you're soooo selfish. All King Kamoshida wanted to do was give you his lovely,
lovely love~ But what good are you if you don't surrender to him? Useless. Pathetic. Worse
than garbage." The cognitive version of Ann trilled, practically grinding on Kamoshida like a
dog in heat.

The double's presence furthered Akira's frown. He knew that he shot her in the face the last
time they came here. Cognitions of Palace rulers had a problem with staying down, it would
seem.

"You think you're gonna be shit in the volleyball scene?" Kamoshida snarled, slapping the
restrained Shiho across the face once more. "I'll grind your future into dust, until the most
you can hope for is a job courtside selling peanuts!" Another slap rang across the room.
"Of course, even that would be too good for you..."

"KAMOSHIDA!"



She knew this wasn't the real Shiho. That the real Shiho was back at her place, probably
snacking on the sweets that she had explicitly told her were off-limits. But seeing Kamoshida
spit vitriol at that cognition, demean her with that outfit, strike her like he was the one being
virtuous in teaching her a lesson...

...well you could consider Ann's nerves touched. Her face was pulled into an expression of
absolute fury, her eyes carrying nothing but hatred as she reached for the gun that Akira had
loaned her and pointed it at the foul king, all precautions that she'd been warned about absent
from her mind.

"Ann, wait--!" Akira cried.

 

Ann didn't wait.

 

She pulled the trigger once. There was a bang and a whoosh as the projectile flew past
Kamoshida's ear.

"Guh! The fuck!?" The ruler cursed. He turned around swiftly, and the moment he spotted
them, his face twisted into something even more gruesome. "Y-You peasants again!?"

Ann didn't stop. She kept on pulling the trigger, her teammates' pleas for her to stop lost
under the sound of gunfire and her own fury. However, while her rage was righteous, her aim
left something to be desired. She kept on firing until all that came out of the gun were
chilling clicks. Only three of the bullets had actually hit Kamoshida. And even then, they had
only made the king stagger back a little as if they were nothing more than bug bites.

Kamoshida grunted and wiped his face like the bullets were merely droplets of water. "So
the pests crawl back in...I would have thought you'd have been smart enough to stay
away after you escaped the first time. You're like cockroaches" He snarled. The knights
snapped out of their stupor and snapped into position, standing defensively in front of
Kamoshida.

Ann's chest heaved with anger. Not a single bullet she fired made her feel any calmer.
Kamoshida's nonplussed reaction to them only angered her more.

The teacher's gaze trailed to Akira and his scowl deepened. "You... I haven't forgotten the
humiliation that I suffered at your hands. Don't think you'll be spared recompense. I
will return the agony of what you did to me a hundred—no—a thousandfold!" The king
spat, his golden eyes burning with ire.

Akira cursed under his breath. Dammit, this wasn't supposed to happen! They were just
meant to scout out the Palace for the day and maybe get a feel for what it had in store for
them. Another confrontation with Kamoshida was bad.



After what Akira had done to him last time, Kamoshida wasn't likely to underestimate them
again. For all they knew, he could summon another hundred Shadows out of thin air like
before, and Akira wasn't confident in his ability to deal with them. That power he'd used
against them had left him, and despite trying several times to reach out for it again, it did not
answer the call.

 

As if he wasn't yet worthy of it...

 

He hated to admit it, but retreat seemed to be the best option here. For as long as they were in
the dark about Kamoshida's capabilities, an open confrontation was extremely dangerous.

Even more so with Ann with them who had given away their position, didn't have a Persona
to protect her and had just wasted ALL of her ammo.

 

Seriously, what part of his rules were unclear?!

 

He stepped forward and grabbed Ann's arm. "Ann, back off. Now!"

Ann didn't listen. She shook off Akira's grip and took a step towards Kamoshida. "You evil,
sadistic fucker!" She snarled. "You can waltz around with that perverted version of me all
you want...but how dare...how fucking dare you go after Shiho too!? You don't deserve to
breathe the same air as her!" Ann whipped her hand across her chest.

Kamoshida scoffed. "You have the audacity to question me? I thought I made it clear to
you before. This castle is mine. Everything in it belongs to me. If I wish to savour in its
bounties..." The man grinned at Ann cruelly. "...then what can a whore like you do to stop
me?"

Ann ground her teeth together, but the pair of knights unsheathing their swords with a shrill
ring stopped the girl from advancing. Ann shot a hateful glare between them before looking
past them to Cognitive Shiho. She looked completely defeated. Her face was a mess of
bruises and welts while her eyes had so little life in them that they may as well have been a
doll's.

Kamoshida sneered and forced Cognitive Shiho to look up by yanking on her hair, making
the girl wince mutely. Her faraway gaze met Ann's desperate one, and her expression caused
the blonde's heart to shatter.

"I'll admit, things have gotten a little out of hand thanks to your friend over there."
Kamoshida gestured to Akira who watched on with clenched fists. "But they'll soon get
back on track. Soon as I threaten to expel you, this little bitch will be begging to let me
play with her to save you. What a good friend she is, right?" The man said, tracing his



fingers down Shiho's jawline. "Of course, I'll need to be extra rough with her because of
all the trouble she put me through. But that's what she gets for being friends with a
selfish bimbo like you..."

"She ain't selfish just cause she doesn't want to be your toy! If anyone's the selfish one here,
it's you!" Ryuji accused. He was already brandishing his pipe, and his eyes flickered with a
desire to brain Kamoshida with it.

"Prattling of a broken peasant who tossed his entire future away. Not worth my time."
Kamoshida rolled his eyes and looked back to Shiho.

Ann clenched her fists tightly, with her anger bounding within her blue eyes. "I'm not letting
you lay a finger on Shiho!" Ann growled.

"Oh, and what are you going to do about it, whore?" Kamoshida asked. "You haven't
been able to do anything. Not without that filth over there." He gestured to Akira. "You
didn't want to get in my car, but he bailed you out. You got caught by my knights, so he
needed to save you. You fucked up when you turned down my invitation and put your
precious friend in my sights instead, so he had to deal with it." Kamoshida scowled as he
said that last part. "What happens when you're all alone and have nobody around to save
you? How long do you think that they'll want to burden themselves with you before you
end up being more trouble than you're worth?"

"Hey! Don't you dare talk like that about Lady Ann!" Morgana yowled.

"Yeah! You're the reason that all this shit is happening in the first place!" Ryuji snarled in
tandem.

Ann found herself wilting, just a tiny bit. Because as much as she hated Kamoshida, as much
as he hurt her, as much as she wanted to protect Shiho...

 

She couldn't do anything.

 

All she had done was rely on the guys. Especially Akira. Every ditch, every problem, they
were there to pull her out. In that regard, Kamoshida wasn't exactly wrong.

What would have happened if she'd never met Akira under that awning? Would she have
simply gone along with Kamoshida's demands? Remained trapped in this spiral of blackmail
and unhappiness until she broke? Until she had to give a women's most sacred possession to
an asshole like him? The fact that the answer wasn't a definite 'no' caused her to shudder.

But then...what was she supposed to do? Keep depending on them? Keep being a damsel in
distress forever?

 



"No."

 

"Ah!?" Ann gasped and spun around to look at Akira's stern gaze. Crap, had she said that part
out loud?

"It's not alright that you keep relying on us. Not like this." Akira told the blonde as he shook
his head. "It was our choice to take up this fight, but that doesn't mean your own should end.
You're our friend, but there's only so much we can carry you before you need to walk on your
own two feet." Akira told her, placing a gentle, crimson hand on her shoulder.

"Look at that bastard right now." Akira nodded forward. Ann glanced back at Kamoshida,
only to see the man gleefully ignoring them in favour of toying with Shiho. He fondled the
girl's breasts, dragged his foul tongue up her battered face and made her whimper with every
motion. The spectacle had Ann reeling in horror.

"This was your fight before it was mine, Ann. Are you really alright for it to be taken away
from you? Is that what Shiho is worth to you?"

"O-Of course not!" Ann replied in an offended tone "Shiho's my best friend!"

"Then help her," Akira spoke in a low voice. "Help us." He gave her a small smile. "Let us
rely on you, as you do us. That's what teams are for, right? But before you can stand by us,
you have to be able to stand on your own."

Ann was silent. Her hands shook. Her breath quickened. Her heart pounded against her chest.

Akira was right. Of course he was right.

She looked back at Kamoshida. The repugnant ooze daring to call himself a human was
gripping Shiho's face in a vice grip and was closing in for what could only be the most
stomach-turning of kisses.

She would stand back and let the guys fight this battle without her?

Hell no. Not for a second longer. If she was Shiho's best friend, it was time for her to act like
it!

She turned back to Akira, her face alight with determination. Kamoshida had wronged her for
too long, wronged Shiho for too long and now...

"I'm not gonna let that bastard take anything else away ever again!"

Not Shiho, not Akira, not one more second of her life! But to do that, she needed a lot more
than her grit and a gun with no bullets.

She was slightly confused when Akira's smile twisted into a knowing smirk and he cupped
his chin in wonder. "Huh. So that's what my eyes looked like..."



 

Ann blinked. "Eh?"

 

"My... It's taken far too long."

 

And then the pain began.

 

No more doubt.

 

No more fear.

 

Only FIRE!

Akira hadn't known what a Persona awakening was supposed to look like until now. He'd
been basically unconscious during Ryuji's, Morgana already had his awakened before he met
them and he obviously couldn't observe his own. But if they were as dynamic and explosive
as Ann's was, then he'd certainly missed out.

The room was bathed in fire that burned blue before swirling into a much more conventional
red. Ryuji and Morgana shielded their eyes from the onslaught of light and heat, but Akira
forced himself to watch, to not miss a second.

It had been a bit optimistic, hoping that Ann would awaken to a Persona. There was always a
chance that it wasn't going to work. A gamble that could have gone poorly. But Ann had
defied the odds. She had awakened to that awesome power.

Didn't save her from the ten seconds of agony that an awakening forced upon the recipient
though. It had been kind of uncomfortable to watch Ann roll around and scream like a
banshee before she finally manifested a feline mask that she could pry off.

Kamoshida had tried to interfere of course, ordering his knights to kill Ann before he got
another Persona user to deal with, but Morgana and Ryuji managed to collect themselves and
keep the knights at bay with their slingshot and shotguns respectively. Akira would have
joined in but...y'know, no ammo.

The cat and the blond only needed to shoot a couple of rounds before a tongue of fire lashed
out from the conflagration and turned the pair of knights to cinders. The inferno was so fierce
that not even ashes remained.



"Fuck! Useless knights!" Kamoshida cursed. He swivelled to Cognitive Ann with ire
burning just as bright as Ann's fire. "You! Hurry up and put an end to this, before she--"

A javelin of fire pierced the doppelganger's chest before he could finish the order. The
cognitive blonde wordlessly dissolved into black smoke, leaving Kamoshida on his own.

The pyre seemed wild, leashless, unbound. But there was a deceptive control over it. The fire
was a blade and every cut, every burn would happen at the behest of its Mistress.

 

A heeled boot, red as blood, stepped out of the fire. Not a singe. Not a speck of soot.

 

And from that boot, Ann followed, a face of focused anger hidden behind the feline mask she
now sported. And if the cat-themed motif wasn't obvious enough, the girl fully exhumed
herself from the blaze, showing off a latex catsuit, that was as red as her face was going to be
when she inevitably realised that she was wearing something so...revealing. it was even
complete with pink gloves and a clip-on tail.

That obviously caused reactions with her peers. Ryuji's jaw dropped, Akira was wide-eyed
and Morgana felt like he was falling in love all over again.

 

And Ann? Power surged within her like dam's opened floodgates. Fire obeyed her whims as
if they were her hands, and from those very flames, a new Persona emerged.

 

She towered over Ann, glaring at the pitiful king from behind her own cat-like mask. Her red
and black ballgown fluttered like billowing curtains whilst an ethereal stiletto ground into the
back of a chained, tuxedo-wearing figure with a heart for a head.

 

Yeah, it was weird. But what it certainly wasn't was weak.

 

The Persona flicked her twin-drilled hairstyle behind her head, and the room was ensconced
in columns of unrelenting flames. They formed walls of heat and fire that would incinerate all
that touched it. And Kamoshida sat right in between them, sweating at Ann's mind-boggling
power.

"Kamoshida." Ann spoke in a low voice. "You're the root of all of my misery. I'm never,
NEVER gonna forgive you! I'm not dealing with your bullshit anymore! I will burn down this
entire "kingdom", and you along with it!"



"B-Bitch!" Kamoshida spat at her, not that it did anything. The fire ensured that any of his
knights were completely out of reach, as well as any means of escape. So the cowardly
shadow resorted to scampering behind the astonished Cognitive Shiho.

Ryuji stepped forward. "Seriously, you're using Suzui as a human shield. How 'effing pathetic
can you get?"

"She should be honoured to meet her end protecting her king! It's more than a
rebellious whore like her deser-eeep!" A fireball rushed by Kamoshida's left and impacted
the wall behind him, leaving behind burnt fabric and smouldering, cratered brickwork.

"Shut. Up!" Ann's command came out curt and cold. "You aren't the king of anything right
now. She raised her hand, and her Persona raised her's in turn. "You're nothing but a
disgusting rat, and Carmen and I will take everything away from you!" Fire sprouted to life
upon the hands of both Ann and Carmen, and from that fire, came a crimson bullwhip,
spawning within Ann's hands. She brought it down to the floor, creating a loud crack that
dwarfed even the roaring of her flames.

"Hey, don't count us out!" Ryuji announced. He stepped up behind Ann and took his place at
her side, tapping his pipe against his opposite shoulder. "We all got a bone to pick with this
asshole!" He proclaimed with a smirk.

Morgana hopped over next, brandishing his scimitar with his tiny paws. "I'll fight too! I'll
fight till my last breath for you, Lady Ann! Your battles are my battles!"

Akira chuckled and he also sauntered up to stand beside Ann, forming their four-man team.
He didn't need to say anything. Anyone who thought that he wouldn't fight alongside Ann
must not have been paying attention. Akira bent his knees, raised his fists, and dropped into
Brawler Style, the embroidered dragon burned into his coat glowing with a brilliant blue.

Well, they had come in to scout and now they were about to throw down with a Palace Ruler.
How did that old saying go? 'The best laid plans of mice and men oft go awry'?

 

Kamoshida snarled. These blasted thieves just didn't know when to quit... Well, he'd show
them. He'd show them exactly what happened when they came at the king!

He stepped out from behind Cognitive Shiho – she wouldn't slow these pests down for more
than a second – and he faced the group. "Alright then...you want to come at me? That's
fine. I don't need my knights. I can rip you apart by myself. None of you are leaving
here alive!"

Smoke wafted from his form, and his expression took on a demented grin. The king sucked in
a breath and his naked arms and legs visibly started to bulge.

Akira suddenly got a really bad feeling. Kamoshida was doing something. He could already
feel the shift of power in the air, and the king that he once saw as pathetic was...becoming
something daunting. It was something beyond common thugs, beyond those knights...



Were they ready for this?

 

"LOrD KaMoShIdA! LOrD KaMoShIdA!"

 

And like that, the entire scene paused as a knight clad in golden armour rushed into the room.
It had no face, but panic could be distinguished in its voice. Ryuji blinked at the interruption.
He recognised this guy, or the armour at least "Ain't this the guy from outside?" He asked.

"You! Perfect timing! Hurry, crush these peasants into dust!" Kamoshida bellowed. But
to his and his foes' confusion, the knight sprinted right past the thieves, braving the flames,
and knelt before Kamoshida.

"LOrD KaMoShIdA! wE MuSt gEt yOu tO SaFeTy, ImMeDiAtElY!" It told the king
with urgency bleeding from its distorted voice. "TImE Is rUnNiNg sHoRt!"

"Excuse me?" Kamoshida questioned. Well, yeah, the intruders were a threat, but surely,
once he took on his Asmodeus form...

"My lORd..." The knight raised its head and spoke grimly. "It'S hERE..."

And Akira had never seen a man's face drop from malice to terror so quickly. "Wh-
What...?" Kamoshida squeaked.

And then the wall exploded.

Now, Ann was pretty wound up with the whole awakening thing. Blood rushed through her
veins like magma and every ounce of fire she could muster yearned to burn this foul man to a
crisp.

But as mad as she was, as righteous as she was, there was no fury strong enough for someone
to ignore a GIGANTIC clawed limb busting through the castle walls like they were made of
papier mâché. The sound was deafening, and the entire palace shook as if they were hit with
an earthquake.

"Mrrrooww!?"

"What the shit!? What is that thing!?"

"It's enormous...!"

Various battle cries could be heard from the exterior of the Palace. The ringing of swords and
spears, the screaming that was abruptly cut off after a loud thump. It sounded like a warzone
out there.



Of course, they were all far more concerned about what was happening in here. The massive
black-red claw came down to the floor and made the room shake. The tiled floors gave way
under the weight of the creature and left behind a crater large and deep enough for several
cars to fit inside of it.

The knight was quick to act, scooping up Kamoshida into its arms, who had gone catatonic
from terror. It again ignored the stupefied group and hauled ass from the room, its Lord in its
grasp.

And that was a decision that the thieves were quick to make too. There was no way they
could fight something like that! Not as low level as they were now!

"We...We have to get back to...reality!" Morgana cried. Even that thing's presence made it
hard to breathe. "The...the security level is off the charts! We can't go any fu-further today!"

"No shit!" Ryuji gasped. He then glanced to their recently catsuited ally. "Ann! We gotta go!"

Ann seemed to be trapped in a stupor, but Ryuji's cry broke her out of it. She turned around to
face the guys but another rumble of the castle sent Ann falling on her ass since her legs were
sapped of strength. The consequences of awakening to a Persona were reeling its head at the
worst of times.

She tried to push her body up, but her arms felt no stronger than her legs. She was exhausted.
Carmen had already retreated into her mask to recharge after exhibiting so much power,
leaving Ann completely helpless.

"D-Dammit!" The blonde cursed, feeling more exhaustion coursing through her than she had
ever experienced before. She felt like she was going to pass out. This wasn't good. They
needed to run for their lives and she couldn't even run, period.

More rubble and debris rained down around them as the scaly limb began to retract. A
gradual process that tore through another section of the wall while dust flooded the room.
There were seconds between the removal of each clawed digit as it pulled out, that's how
massive it was.

The room was bathed in the ominous light from outside for only a few moments before it
disappeared once again behind the head of something massive that poked its titanic snout
through the hole it had just made.

And that was when everyone realised what it was they were dealing with.

 

"IS THAT A FUCKING DRAGON!?!"

 

Slitted eyes that were bigger than any one of them were tall blinked at the group that were
little more than flies compared to its gargantuan size. A low growl that resembled that of a
passing jet rung out from its powerful jaws. It was almost enough to deafen them. Its crooked



horns almost reached the ceiling of the room and its grey eyes sat in a pool of red against its
primarily black body.

But the most curious thing about it was the fact that between its horns sat a forest of...frizzy
black hair. What kind of dragon had hair? Much less one that had said hair styled like that of
a human's?

More clashing of metal and futile war cries could be heard. The dragon narrowed its eyes, as
if it were annoyed by such attempts to wound it. And not knowing how it would react meant
that it was well past the time that the thieves should GTFO.

"Ann, come here!" Akira shouted, reaching down and pulling the girl to her feet. It was
already obvious that Ann wasn't going to be able to move, so Akira tossed the girl over his
shoulder like a sack of potatoes. Not as chivalrous as a princess carry, but they didn't have
time to dawdle.

"Gah! H-Hey! What are you--!?"

"Complain after we get out of here!" Akira interrupted. He turned on his heels and sprinted
for the exit, Morgana and Ryuji following close by.

"W-Wait! What about...?" Ann glanced at the Cognitive Shiho. She knew that she wasn't real.
That leaving her behind wouldn't affect the real Shiho at all. But still, it didn't feel right to
leave her behind. Especially in the face of a creature so mighty.

But she didn't exactly have the autonomy, nor the selfishness to act on that desire. Rescuing a
fake Shiho which could possibly get her real friends killed? No, she couldn't ask that of them.
She let her argument die in her throat.

But despite their retreat, despite seemingly leaving her to die...Shiho simply smiled back at
Ann. The cognitive girl didn't have an ounce of dread on her face. And if she was content
with this...

Ann couldn't do anything more.

Best laid plans indeed...

"Hey, Akira?"

"Mmhm?"

"'m really tired."

"I know, Ann."

"Hey, Akira?"

"Mmhm?"



"Can you get me one of those Staminan thingies?"

"No. I'm still pissed off at you that you disobeyed my rules. It worked out, but I'm still pissed.
So suffer."

"Oh..."

...

"Hey, Akira?"

"Mmhm?"

"That dragon was something, huh...?"

"Sure was, Ann."

...

"Hey, Akira?"

"Mmhm?"

"Why are people staring at us...?"

Akira sighed.

 

They had managed to get back to the real world easy enough. The knights and dragon
distracting each other allowed them to slip by unnoticed.

Of course, Ann was still completely drained from her awakening, and returning to the real
world hadn't changed that. The girl looked seconds away from falling asleep on her feet, so
Akira figured that they should do the gentlemanly thing and escort her to the station.

However, Ann could barely move her legs, meaning that Akira had to resort to carrying Ann
piggyback style. And no matter who you were or where you were, carrying a pretty girl on
your back in broad daylight was sure to attract stares.

It didn't help that the awakening had made Ann somewhat delirious with exhaustion, which
was why Ann was constantly asking him stuff.

He could feel Morgana's jealous stare burning holes into him. The not-cat probably would
have given his tail to be in Akira's position right now.

Ryuji was a welcome deviation from the stares and glares, trying to make this scene look like
two friends escorting their third friend and not like a kidnapping. Akira could only imagine
the rumours that would start if any Shujin students saw them like this...



This has certainly been an...informative day. Putting the dragon thing aside (which was
extremely hard to do because again, that dragon business was freaking insane!) they had
learned that Ann had the potential to wield a Persona, and that he had the potential to wield
multiple. Was this what Igor had meant when he called Akira a 'Wild Card?'

There was so much they didn't understand about this whole thing. About Personas, about the
Metaverse and everything in between. And somehow, Akira knew that Igor would gleefully
withhold straight answers. The only reason that they had an inkling of what they were doing
was because of Morgana.

Speaking of which...

"So, Morgana..." Akira looked down at his bag. "Be straight with us. With that dragon there,
what are the chances that we'd be able to make our way through Kamoshida's palace?" He
asked. Even he has to admit, the situation looked grim if they had to work around a beast like
that. Where the hell had it even come from? It wasn't there the last time they entered.

Their Metaverse guide frowned a little, closing his eyes in thought. "I...think it might be
okay...?" He answered.

"Dude, thinking isn't gonna help us. If you're wrong, we're gonna end up as dragon chow
before we can steal Kamoshida's treasure!" Ryuji protested. It was clear he was still shaken
up after coming face to face with something that he'd only seen in fiction.

"No no no, listen!" Morgana interjected "It’s more than likely that that massive dragon was a
part of Kamoshida’s cognition,” Morgana explained. 

Ryuji shot him a skeptical look, crossing his arms. "What? You mean the dragon’s on his
side?" They had no chance if that was the case. The only way they could kill that thing was if
it somehow choked to death when it ate one of them.

Akira adjusted Ann’s weight on his back. No, that didn't sound right... And not because
Kamoshida having a dragon at his beck and call was cheating.

Morgana shook his head once again. "No, just the opposite." He replied "Remember,
Kamoshida was terrified when he heard it was coming. It must be something beyond his
control. I’m pretty sure that it mirrors something in the real world, something that poses a
serious threat to him. Something that he’s afraid of…"

Ann stirred slightly, her voice weak but teasing as she spoke up from Akira’s back.
“Y’know…that dragon had frizzy hair..." She sighed "Sorta like yours, Akira… Frizzy frizzy
frizzy…” 

It was a testament to Akira's reflexes that he didn't trip over a loose stone on the pavement
when a thunderbolt of realisation shot through him and the other two.

"No shitting way..." Akira whispered to himself.



Morgana gasped and his upper body shot out of Akira's bag, his paws raised in a cat's version
of an Eureka pose. "Of course! That makes so much sense!"

Ryuji wasn't exactly caught up yet, but the pieces were clicking into place. "Wait... So are
you saying...?"

Morgana turned to face Ryuji and nodded. His little paw pointed dramatically at Akira. "That
dragon is Kamoshida’s cognition of Akira!"

The silence between them that followed was long, filled only with the sound of chatting
pedestrians and the distant ambience of the train station.

And finally...

"FOR REAL?!" Ryuji squawked. His eyes were wide in excitement, and his lips were pulled
into an eager grin. "You’re sayin' that in the Metaverse, Kamoshida thinks that Akira’s…?"

"A dragon," Morgana declared. "Hellbent on tearing down everything he’s built. Brought
about from when you beat the crap out of him yesterday, most likely." He explained matter-
of-factly.

Ryuji threw his hands in the air, the excitement rushing back into his voice. “Duuuuuude!
That’s so badass! We’ve got a dragon version of you on our side!” 

Akira didn't exactly know what to say. He was still coming to terms with the fact that there
was a dragon version of him within the brain of his PE teacher. He wasn't quite sure how to
feel...

Akira raised an eyebrow at Morgana, who looked less than thrilled by Ryuji’s outburst. The
not-cat sighed. “I mean… we don’t know if it’s on our side..." He commented, looking at the
ground. "Remember, it’s just how Kamoshida sees Akira. He knows we hang out, but he
doesn’t know the specifics. At best, I expect the dragon to leave us alone, or at worst… it
might treat everything in Kamoshida’s palace like it’s a threat, including us.” 

Akira’s grip on Ann shifted a little as he tilted his head in thought. Yeah, Akira could say
with 100% certainty that he didn't wanna meet his end like that, regardless of how cool a
death it would be. “So, better to stay out of… my way then?” 

Morgana nodded, his kitty face serious. “Yeah, that’s probably the smartest thing to do. The
more you stay out of Kamoshida’s way in reality, the less prominent that the dragon version
of yourself in the Metaverse will be.” 

Akira sighed again, this time with a faint hint of resignation. That meant no showing up
outside of Kamoshida's house in the dead of night and scaring the crap out of him.

Damn, when had his life gotten so freaking weird?

...

"Hey, Akira?"



"Mmhm?"

"Does this mean that I'm on the team now?"

Akira couldn't help the sharp chuckle that emerged from his lips.

"Hell yeah, you are." He answered.

Ann responded with a gentle hum. "Akira, you're the best..." She sighed.

And with the shattering of chains, Akira heard the young voice he had heard only once
before. It was but a whisper in the wind, yet every word was clear as day.

 

I am thou...

 

Thou art I...

 

Thou hast acquired a new vow...

 

It shall become the wings of rebellion

 

That breaketh thy chains of captivity.

 

With the birth of The Lovers Persona

 

I have obtained the winds of blessing that

 

shall lead to freedom and new power...

 

Akira smirked.

 



"That's rad."

Despite how astronomically sideways that the simple scouting mission had gone with Ann,
the dragon, and everything in between, everyone unanimously agreed that the Palace wasn't
yet a write-off, including Ann once she managed to overcome her delirium. Regardless of the
danger, there was just as great a threat outside the Palace that they could only permanently
deal with on the inside.

But as it would take a couple of days for the security level within the Palace to normalise,
returning right now was too risky. That was when Morgana had suggested that they use the
two or so days that they couldn't infiltrate the Palace to prep. To stock up on weapons,
medicine, anything they could reasonably get their hands on that would weigh the odds in
their favour.

It was a sensible idea, and thanks to Akira's... proficiency in negotiating with Shadows, they
had a fair amount of cash to work with. It wasn't a crazy amount of money, but it was more
than enough to kit out the whole party and get their hands on some items to stave off the
exhaustion that a Palace crawl would eventually incite.

And both of those encounters were...interesting to say the least.

 

The first was at the local clinic, conveniently just a short walk from Leblanc. Nice to know
that healthcare was always close by. Akira just hoped that they wouldn't ask questions.

According to the guy Akira had asked directions from, this clinic had a reputation of
producing original medicines, some of which could even bestow quote-unquote "unlimited
power."

That didn't exactly bode well. Uncle Kaz told him a story once about a friend who tested a
series of experimental drugs many years ago for cash and that man had gone totally insane...

(Not that the drugs and the insanity were related, mind you.)

Regardless, it was a lead worth following.

 

[Substory 13: The Maverick of Medicine]

 

As it turned out, the clinic was staffed with only one person. A doctor that seemingly took
one look at the notebook for doctoring and scoffed before throwing it out the window. Her
name was Tae Takemi, and Akira's first impressions of her were shaky, to say the least. But
when the doctor actually saw to him, she appeared to be legit. A clean practice and a clear
dedication to her job.



Being a new patient, she gave Akira a few preliminary examinations that any doctor would
do. Height, weight, as well as some auxiliary questions to determine any evident symptoms.

"Have you been suffering any dizziness or discomfort when exerting yourself recently?" She
asked.

"Um, no. I don't think I noticed anything like that. Why do you ask?" Akira questioned.

Tae gestured to Akira's cheekbones. "You just seem to be a little malnourished. Have you
been eating regularly?"

"I...I did miss a couple of days worth of meals a little while ago, but I'm eating regularly
now."

"Hm, well it looks like those signs are starting to recede, so that's good. Still, it's important to
reintroduce food into your system slowly after any sort of fast. You're in pretty good shape,
but if you wanna maintain that, your body needs nutrients."

The doctor wheeled her office chair over to her desk and started scribbling on a piece of
paper. "Even though you're on the mend, I'm prescribing you some nutrient supplements just
in case. Take one of these pills every morning for the next week. And don't pull a hunger
strike again."

Akira would have argued that it wasn't really his choice, but he remained silent and nodded
his head instead. Takemi wasn't exactly...orthodox, but she hadn't given Akira reason to doubt
her capabilities as a doctor. If she truly did dabble in those medicines, they were at least
worth enquiring about.

Akira opened his mouth with that very topic on the tip of his tongue.

"Now then...on to why you're really here..."

...and the clicking of the lock to the only door in the room immediately sent Akira into alert
mode. He looked at the unamused doctor, leaning against the door with crossed arms.
"Um...Doctor Takemi...?" He asked.

"Look, I'm not an idiot. You've been eyeballing this place ever since you got here. You're not
being very subtle, you know." She rolled her eyes. "Let me guess, you're here to scope me
out, right? You're not the first. Won't be the last either." The woman sighed. "All I'm getting
nowadays are customers with ulterior motives..." She muttered to herself.

"Excuse me?" Akira blinked. This woman was used to stickybeaks? That was telling.

"So what was it? Was it a rumour that I could make medicine that could make you strong
enough to wrassle a bull? Or that I could give you a cream to make you look years younger in
seconds? I mean, I do make my own medicines, but those stories are getting way out of
hand..." The woman shook her head.

Akira swallowed and mentally went over his options. If he really needed to, he could force
his way through Takemi and out of the room. That likely wouldn't help his criminal record if



she reported him though, and Akira had a hunch that he shouldn't be so quick to burn bridges.
A local doctor was a useful commodity.

"I...might have heard a thing or two," Akira admitted. "But I truly am here just to buy some
basic medicine. Painkillers, maybe some bandages. Nothing too crazy." Akira shifted a little
on the bed.

Takemi chuckled. "Get into a lot of fights, do you?"

"I live dangerously." Akira answered, neither confirming nor denying that.

"Mm-hm..." Takemi hummed and tapped her bicep with a finger. "Well, I can sell that stuff to
you at least. I don't know what your story is, but it's not my place to pry." She said.

"Hypothetically though..."

"Hm?"

Akira's gaze took on a deep, steely tone. "If there was a medicine like that, one that could
make me stronger or help me to focus...I could really use it." He spoke. His gut told him that
there was credence to the rumours, and if there wasn't such a medicine, then the doctor's
secrecy made no sense.

"Oh? And what would you use it for...?" Takemi asked, hiding no suspicion.

"Nothing bad. That I can promise."

"Well, that's not dubious at all..." Takemi muttered sarcastically. She stopped leaning against
the door but didn't move from her spot. "Medicine like that wouldn't come cheap. It'd cost as
much as a car. At minimum. Top-shelf stuff would be worth way, way more. Not something
that you can afford. So you should probably just give it up. Makes it easier on all of us." She
advised. It confirmed that there was indeed a special kind of medicine that she had on hand.
She had abandoned all pretences.

And the price tag was definitely a problem. The Metaverse was bountiful, but it'd take a
while to scrounge up that kind of money. And Akira was hoping to save where he could.
Lawsuit and everything...

What was the play here?

 

- Turn on the charm

 

- Offer to work for it

 



- Essence of Shameless Beggar

 

The second option seemed the most feasible

"I...could pay in favours. I can deal with manual labour, even security if you need me to."
Akira offered. He was grasping at straws here, but he didn't have much of a choice.

To his surprise, Takemi took on a contemplative expression. "Security? You mean setting up
cameras or motion detection? This place isn't exactly prone to being robbed. It's just a back
alley clinic." She replied.

"I was thinking...more like a bouncer?" Akira corrected. "You said you get lots of patients
with ulterior motives, right? I'm good at reading people, and if you get someone you'd rather
not deal with, I can escort them out." Akira said. "I can handle a hooligan or two."

Takemi seemed to stare at him harder but Akira refused to back down. There was nothing
else he could offer. There did seem to be gears turning in the woman's head, and Akira
somehow knew he wasn't going to like what happened when they made a full rotation...

"You are in pretty good shape for someone your age..." Takemi commented. "And I'll admit,
there is something that I've been working on that I could use your help with. You're a pretty
good candidate too. Far better than anybody I could find on my own." She added.

That was foreboding, but Akira leaned forward. "What do I have to do?" He asked.

Takemi finally stepped away from the door and held up a finger. "Wait here for a second."
She walked past Akira and behind a medical privacy screen, where Akira could hear the hum
of a small refrigerator being opened and the clinking of glassware.

He would be lying if he said he wasn't unsettled. And an anxious blue eye staring up at him
from his bag indicated that he wasn't the only one.

Takemi soon returned, carrying a small beaker filled with red liquid. Akira made to ask what
it was, but found said beaker in his hand before he could open his mouth. The chill of
refrigerated glass sent shivers up his arm. "What's this?" He asked.

"The first of hopefully many concoctions I'll have you drink," Takemi answered. "You see,
I'm trying to perfect a unique medicine, but I need someone to undergo some clinical trials.
An able-bodied young man like you is the perfect guinea pig~"

Takemi chuckled.

Akira glanced down at the crimson liquid, and his reflection stared back at him. For all he
knew, this could be poison or it could be fruit juice. It did have a vaguely antiseptic scent to
it, like cold medicine. "So...I drink this, and you'll hook me up with your special medicine?"
Akira questioned.



"I suppose I could be persuaded..." Takemi replied. She went over to her desk to grab a
clipboard. "...but if you're having second thoughts, you're free to leave." She turned back to
him. "After all, drinking some mystery medicine that a shady doctor gave you is
beyond...stu...pid..."

Takemi looked at Akira.

 

Then to the empty beaker.

 

Akira looked at her.

 

She looked back at him.

 

The clinic was silent for about five seconds.

 

"..."

 

"..."

 

"..."

 

"..."

 

"...I think I'm gonna hurl..."

 

Takemi handed him a vomit bag.

In the end, the clinic worked out. After Akira had stopped spewing, and Takemi had gotten
some data, they went into officiating their deal. Akira was prohibited from telling anyone



about the medicine or the clinical trials, and in exchange for his participation, Takemi would
sell him basic medical items, as well as offer good prices for her special medicine.

Akira left the clinic that day with a bunch of medical supplies, a couple of experimental
brews, the Death Arcana, and both Takemi and Morgana's assertion that he was, in fact, an
idiot.

The following, and arguably more interesting encounter came the following day and involved
them deciding to up their arsenal. Morgana had expressed a keenness in bolstering their
strength through more refined weapons and firearms.

Luckily, Ryuji happened to know a place in one of the back alleys of Shibuya.

 

Yes. Another back alley.

 

It went by the name of Untouchable Airsoft, a store that peddled replica weapons. Everything
from blades, maces and lots of guns. Most of them were made out of foam, some out of
aluminium. The damage they could do in an actual brawl was laughable at best.

But in the Metaverse, it was different. Cognition of the weapons gave them life, gave them
power, made them real. They didn't need to be real, just look real. Cognition would do the
rest.

That didn't change the fact that Untouchable filled Akira with a sense of unease, and it wasn't
because of the dim lighting, the faux firearms lining the walls or the smell of smoke and oil.

No, it had to do with the grizzled store owner chewing on a lollipop whose stare hadn't left
Akira since he walked in. He was looking at him like he was a punk who had robbed his
grandma. Not that Akira couldn't relate. His instincts were firing on all cylinders in regard to
the man. That he was no ordinary shopkeeper. Just like Akira was no ordinary customer.

There was an unspoken tension between the pair that Ryuji seemed to be ignorant of as he
went through several shotguns while going "pow-pow!"

Akira did his best to ignore the gaze digging into his back as he tried to focus on the rack of
submachine guns. Ann's aim with his pistol was abysmal, so something that was low damage
but high volume that she could spray-and-pray seemed ideal for her. It would have been
easier if she was here, but she had to work on her homework with Shiho. Not to mention that
she probably wouldn't feel like being around any more shady men...

But pretending like there wasn't anything going on didn't make the animosity disappear, and
it was only a matter of time before the tension reached its peak.

"Hey, Blondie," the store owner growled at Ryuji. "Mind stepping outside for a few minutes?
I need to have a...word with your friend."



"Huh? Something wrong?" Ryuji asked, handling one of the prop shotguns in a way that had
the owner suppressing a cringe.

Ryuji, you use a shotgun in battle; how can you not tell which end the bullets come out of!?

"Ryuji..." The blond glanced at Akira. "Do what he says. I'll explain later." He stared firmly.
He slipped off his Morgana-laden backpack and handed it to the confused boy. The last thing
he wanted was to get anyone innocent get caught in the crossfire.

"Erm...o-okay, I guess..." Ryuji replied. He didn't know what was going on but the
seriousness in Akira's voice indicated that he should listen. He placed the shotgun on the rack
(upside-down) and slipped out of the store.

Now it was just him and the owner...

"Fuck sent you?"

Akira blinked. "Excuse me?"

 

[Substory 12: A Gecko in Hand]

 

"Don't play dumb." The man spat. "You've had an air around you ever since you walked in. I
could never mistake it." He spoke gruffly. "What family wants beef with me now?
Shimamoto? Okanda? Or are you one of Tsuda's boys?"

"Sir, I think you have the wrong idea about me. I'm just here to buy some model guns." Akira
replied calmly, even as his fists tightened.

"Bullshit." The owner replied. "There's only one type of person that has the same aura as you.
And those kinds of people aren't allowed in my shop."

"And I'm telling you that you're mistaken. Whatever kind of person you think I am, I'm not.
You're gonna refuse me service just because you feel like it?" Akira asked, taking a step
forward. He noticed the man tense up. Not in a frightened way, but in preparation to throw
down. It was obvious by now that this man was no stranger to violence.

"I've a right to refuse service to anyone that I please. And I can tell that you're trouble. Even
if I sold something to you, you'd probably start waving it around in people's faces. You'd get
the cops' attention; they'd trace your purchase back to here. I don't need any heat..."

"That's not true!" Akira protested. "I'm just a gun enthusiast!"

And Shadows weren't people!

"True or not, I'm not selling my stock to someone like you. Too risky, obviously a bad deal."
He muttered as he got up off of his chair and leaned on the display cabinet menacingly,



matching Akira's glare. He reached into one of his coat pockets and fiddled with something.
Something that became evident as Akira heard a near-silent whirr from the ceiling as the only
security camera in the shop powered down.

"Now, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. I don't want to have to get physical, but if I have to
toss you out on your ass, I will." He warned.

"Tch!" Akira clicked his teeth. This was bullshit! The bastard didn't even know him, and he
was straight up refusing to sell him anything, going as far as to threaten actual harm all
because he didn't meet some imaginary non-punk quota! The man looked way shadier than he
did!

It was a kind of injustice that Akira had unfortunately grown quite familiar with during the
preceding weeks. At the very least the guy seemed to want to keep the police out of it. A
single report like that would immediately void his probation, regardless of who the aggressor
was.

The smart move would be to do what the man said: to leave, to try to find another place that
sold model guns. But Akira doubted that there would be anywhere that provided a selection
as realistic as Untouchable's, and when it came to the Metaverse, the more realistic the
weapon, the better. With how high the stakes were, everyone having the best gear possible
was paramount.

So Akira planted his feet and took a steadying breath. This guy seemed like the kind who
couldn't be convinced with words. Fine. Then that meant his mouth's job was done. Time for
his fists to take over.

He slowly slipped into the Brawler Style. "I'm sorry. But I'm not leaving until you sell me
those guns. If you wanna toss me out, then...then..." Akira quirked a brow. "Uh...are you
okay?"

He didn't know what the heck happened, but the moment he got ready to fight, the owner's
countenance reformed from gruff and threatening to astonishment and disbelief. The lollipop
that he was chewing on fell from his gaping mouth and clattered on the floor.

Then he whispered something that Akira could barely make out, but shook his whole world
all the same.

 

"Dragon of Dojima..."

 

It was impossible for Akira to forget that title. The one that The Florist had dropped on him
back when he made that fateful phone call back in Okinawa. 'Dragon of Dojima'. There was
only one man that could hold the weight of such a name.

"You...You know Kiryu Kazuma?" Akira asked.



The man blinked once and his expression hardened once more. "Only met him once a couple
decades ago but he's not a guy you forget easily..." He replied.

He of course neglected to mention that their meeting had been short-lived and hardly pleasant
as he was just a common shakedowner on the streets of Kamurocho. He'd been harassing a
random salaryman while the white-suited man was passing by, and he, to put it succinctly, got
his ass handed to him.

 

The speed.

 

The power.

 

By the time he had realised that he had picked a fight with the wrong man, Kiryu had already
picked up a damn bicycle and fucking powerbombed it over his chest. His ribs had taken
three months to properly heal...

That man was a force of nature in snakeskin shoes, and the way he had fought had been quite
literally beaten into his memory. Which only begged the question:

 

"Who the hell are you, kid?"

"I'm...just someone whose only chance of survival depended on what I could learn from
someone like Kiryu-san." Akira answered solemnly. He averted his gaze to look at a rack of
pistols on the wall. "I watched him a lot when he first came to town. Used what I learned to
protect myself, to stand up to the kind of people that he stood up to. He doesn't know me,
but...I'm alive because of him."

Better to let this guy think that he was just some random dude that didn't even exist to Kiryu.
The fewer connections made, the better.

The man stayed silent for a few seconds before he reached up and adjusted his cap. "You look
up to him, huh?" The owner pressed.

Akira nodded.

"...you really should pick your role models better, kid. A former yakuza isn't the kind of
person you should be learning from if you wanna live decently."

Akira swallowed down the urge to jump to Kiryu's defence. That man, knowingly or not, had
taught him how to fight. He had put a roof over his head, gave him a family; a purpose
beyond surviving on the street from one day to the next.



Kiryu might have been a former yakuza, but he was undoubtedly a great man.

"Haah...look..." The owner sighed as he sat back down in his chair. "Kiryu Kazuma is a
legend amongst legends in the underground. He's done things that the normal rank wouldn't
even dream of. You gotta be careful who you get into scuffles with, cuz the kind of attention
that guy gets is never the good kind." He said with a resigned tone. "I mean, you got that aura
of his secondhand and it was still enough for me to try and bite your head off."

The man dug into his other pocket and produced a fresh lollipop, which he yanked the
wrapper off before popping it into his mouth.

"I think that we might have gotten off on the wrong foot. I mean, you're still shady as hell,
but as long as you don't bring any trouble down on me, we shouldn't have a problem."

Akira allowed himself a surprised reaction. "So...does that mean...?

The man grinned. "How about we start over? I'm Munehisa Iwai. Welcome to my humble
shop. How can I help you today?"

To say that dealing with Iwai had been shaky at the start was an understatement, but once
everything was cleared up, Akira found himself in decently good company. Iwai was bit of a
wiseass and rough around the edges, but it was preferable to the hostility from earlier. It
probably helped that Akira wasn't handling the fake firearms like a drunken monkey (cough
cough Ryuji cough cough).

Iwai had even taken the time to point out the different kinds of model guns and weapons that
he had for sale. Some were dirt cheap and others were so expensive that Akira's glasses
almost cracked when he looked at the price tag.

"Quality costs. Don't like it? Sell a kidney." Iwai said.

Akira had flipped him the bird.

"Beautiful finger. Mean that honestly." Iwai had replied.

They got along like peas and carrots.

Akira left the store with a few model guns for the team. It ate through nearly all the cash
they'd amassed so far, but they were already better than what they currently had.

He had to skimp on melee weapons though. Shame, he really liked those knuckledusters...

But nonetheless, he knew he'd be coming back here.

The weird voice in his head told him so!

Two days.



It had taken two days for the security level in the Palace to normalise after the shitshow that
became of the previous infiltration. Considering that they were on a time crunch, it made
them a little antsy.

Thankfully, things in Kamoshida's palace had mostly returned to normal. There were no
guards or dragons in sight, though there were several parts of the exterior wall in need of
repair. Drago-Kira really did a number on this place.

It was up in the air whether that was going to make the infiltration easier or harder.

But now, here the gang stood, as kitted out as they could be and one member stronger.

Speaking of which...

"Ugh... Why'd mine have to be a catsuit...? I feel so exposed." Ann moaned. She hadn't
noticed it before under the din of conflict, but she was now very aware that her outfit looked
like something she'd see on a billboard in a red-light district.

Her head whipped around to see a certain cat and blond blatantly ogling her. "Will you two
perverts stop looking!?" She cried.

"Bwah! I wasn't lookin'!" Ryuji yelped.

He had totally been looking...

"You can't choose how your outfit manifests when you awaken to a Personas. They take the
form of whatever you believe best represents an image of rebellion." Morgana explained.
Then with a predictable swooning motion, Morgana grinned at the abashed girl. "But I for
one think you look positively radiant, Lady Ann!"

Never before had she heard a compliment that made her wanna fling the recipient into the sky
by their pointy ears...

Ann rolled her eyes and turned to the lone gentleman in the group. Akira was kneeling at the
entryway, keeping an eye on the guard detail. A few Shadows marched by the castle doors,
but they weren't anything to worry about. Their infiltration point was still secure.

"Oh yeah! You need a codename, as well, don'tcha?" Ryuji exclaimed. Ann turned to him in
mild bewilderment. "Codename?" She asked.

"We can't go around shouting our actual names in the Palace. It could have an adverse effect
on Kamoshida in reality. Plus, it's way cooler!" Morgana declared.

"Huh..." Ann placed a gloved hand on her hip. "What are your codenames then?"

Ryuji reached up and tapped at his mask. "I'm Skull! Sounds badass, right? Matches my mask
and everything!"

"Che! I still think 'Thug' worked better." Morgana tutted as he crossed his tiny arms.



Normally, that would've raised Ryuji's hackles, but the blond just chucked. "And I think
'Kitty Kat' worked better for you. Why'd we settle on 'Mona' again?"

Morgana's fur bristled and he gnashed his teeth at Ryuji. "I am NOT a cat! Or a 'Kitty Kat', or
whatever else you blockheads came up with!"

Ann sighed as the pair began to squabble back and forth. If the commotion brought the
guards over to them, Ann swore that she'd kill both of them before the Shadows could...

She looked back to Akira, who had moved on to doing stretches to limber up for the coming
Palace crawl. "What about you? What's your codename?" She asked. Though truth be told, it
was probably pointless. There was only one codename that he could possibly--

"Joker."

"Eh?" Ann squeaked. That was... unexpected. Beyond unexpected. "B-But the dragon on
your back...a-and you're so strong!"

How could he be anything other than 'Dragon'?

"That's what I said!" Ryuji announced while pulling on Morgana's cheeks. "But he said he
didn't want it. Somethin' about "not being worthy" or whatev--yooow!"

Ryuji dropped Morgana as the cat kicked him in the chin. The cat massaged his abused
cheeks a little before interjecting. "I came up with Joker. He's like a super trump card." Then
the cat seemed to trail away. "But Dragon would've been cool too..."

Well ultimately, it was Akira's choice on what name he was running around with. If he didn't
wanna be called Dragon, there was nothing they could do. It wasn't like Joker didn't also have
its charm.

"W-Well...if I need to have a codename..." Ann looked down at the costume that represented
her rebellious spirit. It was what she had to work with. "Gotta be something to do with a cat."
She muttered.

"Cougar~"

Ann was going to punt that cat into the damn stratosphere.

"Well, we are s'posed to be stealing a treasure, so...what about Cat Burglar?"

A little better, but not exactly as ferocious as she was hoping.

"I came up with a few names if you're interested," Akira mentioned as he dug into his pocket
and retrieved a small slip of paper he'd probably torn from his probation diary.

"Huh, when did you do that?" Morgana questioned.

"Last night, when you went to sleep!"



What!? I thought you went to sleep too! I told you that it was time for bed!"

"Sorry. Rebellious spirit and all that~" Akira teased. He walked over to Ann and handed the
list to her. The girl was quick to peruse her options.

 

Tigress, Lioness, Cheetah...

Definitely cool sounding.

 

Scarlet, Ruby, Cinder...

Something to do with her colour scheme or her fire. Not a bad idea but it didn't hit as hard as
Joker and Skull.

 

Selena, Felicia, Belladonna...

Those were just kind of...names. where had Akira gotten them from?

 

Panther...

 

...

 

Yeah. That sounded right.

"I'll be Panther." She declared while handing the list back to Akira. It was ferocious, went
with the feline theme, and rolled off the tongue easy.

"Awlright! From here on out, we're gonna be Joker, Skull, Mona and Panther. Four heroes
against the world!" Ryuji pumped his fist. The excitement was pouring off of him. After
everything that happened, they were finally going to make their first serious shot to conquer
the Palace.

"Don't get too worked up, we barely got started last time." Morgana tutted. "I don't need to
remind any of you of how dangerous this is. We need to be vigilant the entire time we're in
there. We watch each other's backs, keep our heads cool and pick our battles where we can."

Morgana adjusted his small utility belt and looked up to the top of the castle. "My guess is
that the treasure is held somewhere at the top of the castle. We're definitely not gonna make it
that far in just one day, but as long as we--"



"No."

Morgana fell silent as Akira unexpectedly spoke up. Everyone looked at him curiously.

"Sorry Mona, but we can't take our time here. Every moment we dawdle is more time for
Kamoshida to get back on his feet." Akira stated seriously as he stood at the entryway. "It's
not gonna be easy, not by a long shot, but I know that we can do this."

"But it's dangerous! If we don't pace ourselves--!"

Akira gave Morgana a confident smirk.

"That's what I'm here for. I can go for as long as I need to. We'll make it to the top, even if I
have to drag your asses over the finish line."

Ann leaned close to Ryuji with a curious expression. "He seems...oddly motivated today."
She whispered to him.

"Yeah...think I know why..." Ryuji spoke back in a way that made it obvious that he knew
exactly the reason why. When Ann gave him a questioning look, Ryuji simply said "Tell you
later."

Morgana seemed conflicted. Akira's boldness was admirable, but if his confidence was
misplaced...

But then again, had Akira ever given him a reason to doubt his strength or his judgement?

A minute of hesitation was all that was needed to eventually bring the cat around. "Alright,
fine. We'll try to do this in one go." He sighed. "But if you start to get overwhelmed, we're
turning around, no questions asked. Understand?" Morgana stated with narrowed eyes.

"Don't worry. I'll be careful." Akira replied. He stepped forward, and breathed in silently, his
hand reaching out towards the vile castle. Then he clenched it.

"Okay..." He whispered.

This was it... their first official foray into phantom thievery began now.

"Get ready, gang." Akira grinned to his team.

 

"We're one-shotting this bitch!"

Chapter End Notes



I am really sorry for how long it took this chapter to come out. I have been having
spouts of motivation that were coming and going all through 2024. Some scenes were
hard for me to write, like the Iwai scene for some reason. I genuinely wanna reach the
end of this. There are still so many scenes I want to write. This story means a lot and I
want to finish it, even though in the grand scheme, I've barely begun.

I can't promise a consistent uploading schedule, but I hope you can be patient anyway. I
appreciate each and every one of you for reading this fic and enjoying it and I hope that
I can pick up my pace and start producing chapters faster. A year is really long without
an update.

If nothing else, I'd like to include an omake or two, to give you something in the lulls
between main chapters. It's not much but I hope it can give you some kind of
satisfaction.

Nevertheless, I hope that you enjoyed this chapter and are looking forward to the future
of this fic!



Chapter 8: Omake: Song of the Chariot
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"So, what was all that about? You and that guy were looking pretty serious." 

Akira shook his head and hefted his bag over his shoulder, now filled with several fake
firearms in addition to a slightly haughty cat, who seemed equally interested in the answer.

"Dude thought I was some punk kid. He told me he wasn't gonna sell me anything." Akira
said as they walked through the back alley. The distant hustle and bustle of Shibuya Central
Street graced their ears. "We sorted it out, though; I got what we needed." He added.

Ryuji paused for a moment, and he peeked back at Untouchable, then back to Akira. "You
didn't rob him, did you?"

The bespectacled teen scoffed. "Oh yes, Ryuji, I totally robbed him, and now you're an
accessory to the crime." He replied with an overly satirical voice.

Ryuji raised his hands defensively. "Hey, man, I was just checkin'! Things just sorta tend
to...get punched around you, and that whole thing felt like one of those times." 

"Nobody got punched," Akira insisted. "We just talked, sorted things out."

He decided not to mention just how close things had actually come to them throwing down.
If it weren't for Uncle Kaz's name, he probably would have.

 

...maybe Ryuji had a point.

 

The blond sighed and relaxed his shoulders. "That's good. Don't think I could deal with any
more shit right now. Don’t wanna get arrested by association on top of that." He half-joked.

Morgana let a cheeky grin crawl across his catty face. "I don't know Ryuji, I think you'd look
right at home behind bars!" He teased.

"Why you little--!" Ryuji snarled. “You wanna go? I’ll throw down with a cat, I don’t give a
crap!”

"Ack! I’m not a cat!" Morgana protested before allowing his face to curl into that smug
expression that all cats seemed to have on standby. “And to do that, you’ll need to go through
this guy, right, Akira?”



Said “this guy” sighed as they stepped out onto Central Street. Honestly, these two goofballs.
Why was he the only one on this team with an ounce of maturity?

He opened his mouth to chastise the pair, but before he could, he found his attention drawn to
something a little ways down the road.

 

Wait...was that a...!?

 

"Ugh..." Ryuji glanced down the street. "Damn cat..."

"I just told you; I'm not a—m-mrow!?"

The sudden stoppage of Morgana’s retort went over the blond’s head. Instead, Ryuji glanced
down the street, his eyes eventually being drawn to the cinema at the end. 

Come to think of it, there was a movie that had recently come out that he'd been interested in
seeing. The Cake Knight Rises. Critics claimed that it was poorly written, but it had a
passionate protagonist fighting for justice, kinda like what they were doing as phantom
thieves.

It occurred to Ryuji that between the palace shenanigans, the conspiracy against Kamoshida
and the stress of the past few days, they hadn't actually had the opportunity to hang out, do
normal dude stuff, like slurping ramen or working out at the gym just down the road. There
was some daylight left, so perhaps they could change that. 

He spun around. "Hey, Akira, y'wanna see a movie while we're...huh?" 

The empty air gave no answer.

Akira was gone. It was weird. Ryuji could have sworn that he was right behind him...

"Akira? Akira!?" He looked around in confusion, seeing nothing but a cluster of people
diving in and out of shops. An old guy walking his dog, a little girl asking her dad for a
crepe, a dude in a suit whose slicked back hair could probably stop a bullet…but among
them, there was no sign of who he was searching for. In a place like Shibuya Central Street, it
was easy to lose someone, and hard to find them, especially with crowds like this. Ryuji
foolishly possessed the notion that spotting Akira would be hard. 

It was not.

It took Ryuji all of five seconds to look down the length of the street and be met with the
highly conspicuous sight of his badass new friend pressing his face against the Pasela Resorts
window, looking more excited than he'd ever seen him. Hell, more excited than he'd ever seen
anyone.

With a questioning stare, Ryuji slowly approached Akira. "Uh, what are you doing?"



And he had to take a step back when Akira turned his head to him with his eyes sparkling
like he was in a freaking shōjo manga.

"Ryuji," he gasped. "They have karaoke here! Karaoke!" 

Oh. Ryuji took a glance inside. Booths in the back with faint singing ranging from passable to
talentless, and a receptionist who was looking at Akira with a hint of fear.

"Do you...like karaoke?" Ryuji asked. It took him a second to realise how dumb of a question
that was, considering Akira's excitement.

Morgana shook his head from the impromptu teleportation and flicked one of his ears. "I
know that everyone's got a hobby, but karaoke? I didn't expect that from you." 

Well, Morgana could blame Kiryu for that. Akira went to one karaoke session with him and
came away with an…

 

Well, 'obsession' was such an ugly word, but not an inaccurate one.

 

"We're going in here." Akira declared.

"Whuh?" Ryuji squawked, but the firm grasp around his wrist indicated that Akira would be
hearing no objections. Hell, Ryuji probably wouldn’t even be able to request a bathroom
break from the guy.

Singing karaoke…it was not how Ryuji expected an outing to stock up on equipment would
end, but...it was nice to learn something about his new friend?

Welp, Cake Knight could wait another day.

(A couple of days later, after a successful infiltration of the Palace.

 

"No, I'm serious Ann! It was crazy as shit!"

"Suuuuure, Ryuji." Ann scoffed while filling in another answer that she was about 43%
confident in at best. There was probably more sound maths going into that estimation than
whatever the heck she had just written down. 

It was lunchtime at Shujin Academy. Akira had gone to the school store to grab a bite,
leaving Ann to be regaled with Ryuji’s crazy story.

She placed her pen down on her desk and rested her cheek in her left hand. She took a
cursory glance around the classroom to make sure nobody was eavesdropping before



continuing in a quiet tone. "Y'know, we literally just got done running through a castle in a
world of cognition, and I still think it sounds nuts." 

"It's true though! Akira pretty much dragged me to the karaoke place in Central Street
because he really, really, really likes karaoke..."

Well, belting it out with some friends with some songs was a great time. Her and Shiho had
gone a few times themselves. Ann could reasonably imagine that Akira, a passionate guy,
would be into something just as passionate, like karaoke. That was the easy-to-believe part.

"..and then, when I started singin', everything changed!" 

"You know, I don't really sing that much, dude. You sure you want me to take the lead here?"
Ryuji glanced at Akira, who was tapping his microphone. 

"You'll do great, Ryuji. Karaoke's all about grabbing the mic and just cutting loose. Taking
everything inside you and belting it out like a goddamn rockstar.” Akira grinned eagerly. “I'll
be backing you up too. Trust me, this is gonna be so much fun!" 

Ryuji couldn't help but chuckle. "Still super weird to see you like this, dude." He spoke while
shaking his head. 

Akira rolled his eyes and gave a snort. "Yeah, yeah, birds are swimming, fish are flying, dogs
and cats living together, now come on, pick a song!" He insisted. 

"Okay, okay! Sheesh..." Ryuji gave a bemused sigh as he glanced to the tablet in front of
them. Millions of song possibilities. What should he choose?

"Um...ooh, this one!" Ryuji pressed on one of the Trending songs. He hit the confirmation
button and their song began to load.

Akira rolled the mic in his hands energetically and looked at their sole spectator. "Ready on
the tambourine, Morgana?" He asked.

"Ready!" The cat announced. He was holding a single tambourine kind of clumsily between
his two hind paws, but he was clearly excited as well. He'd never done karaoke before, or at
least he didn't remember doing it. Either way, it was cute.

The screen before them began to count down, and Ryuji swallowed. Akira would have the
first few lines. He only hoped that their leader didn't prove too hard of an act to follow.

There came the pounding of drums while the speakers came to life. Lyrics appeared on the
screen, and Akira raised the mic to his mouth. 

"After eight years I got the balls to confess but my crush kicked me to the curb!"

 

It was a rich voice filled with vigour that Ryuji was met with. 



"I poured my heart in that love letter!"

"She tore it up, put my feelings through the shredder!"

"Our relationship, it won't get better"

"She left me before I could forget her!"

 

Ryuji sucked in a breath and prepared for his speaking lines.

"So, uh, you know that girl you like's got a boyfriend? I hear he's captain of the soccer team
and hot, and smart, and athletic. He's like the whole package, a perfect ten outta ten, but
you're not in the same league, dude! Hahahaha!"

The words went by kind of fast, but the blond managed to keep up.

Guitar riffs filled the air while Akira balled his fist and pounded his chest.

"It's fine!"

♪♪♪♪

"It's fine!"

♪♪♪♪

"Summertime Groove!"

They entered the main part of the song, and Ryuji furrowed his brow.

"I'm really sorry, I feel bad, I do."

"(Yeah, I went through something awful, y'know?)"

"You had your eyes on her for so long

But everybody else did too!"

"Apparently, those two are going four years strong"

"(Really? Four years? It's been that long?)"

"How can someone be this damn slow?

Even a jerk like you oughta know!"

 



Akira began realistically sobbing into his mic, straight up wailing like he'd actually had his
heart broken. It was honestly kind of hilarious how seriously he was taking this, and Ryuji
fought to stay on track instead of cracking up.

"No need to go and cry. Deep down, you're a good guy."

"(I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!)"

"You need to get your mind off things — I know! How 'bout a trip to Hawaii? Let's go!"

 

And that was when things stopped making sense. 

Because Ryuji suddenly found his vision going white, and when it faded, they weren't in the
karaoke place anymore. Instead, he and Akira found themselves suddenly standing on a
stage, him twirling a beach towel above his head and Akira jumping around and hyping up a
crowd of hundreds. 

And around them? White sand, radiant sunshine, and the most gorgeous blue ocean that Ryuji
had ever seen.

Wait...was this Hawaii? From the song?

 

What the fuck!?

 

He glanced at Akira, who didn't seem perturbed by this sequence of events at all, and then
back to the crowd. They were all twirling their towels above their heads too. And in the
front...was that Morgana in his Metaverse form, sitting on Ann's shoulder, both of them
cheering the performing pair on?

 

How in the hell was this happening?

 

And why was Ryuji compelled to keep singing like this was normal? He had a million
questions, but he...he didn't want to stop! This was insane!

"So grab your towel, and dry off your tears!"

"(This grief ain't ever gonna leave me be!)"

"Now move your feet, just get down and dance!"

"(Well now I'm feelin' that trip to Hawaii!)"



"Summer's here!"

He tossed his towel skyward.

And before Ryuji's eyes, white ensnared his surroundings again, and they found themselves
now on a mostly silent beach, planted on the sand, staring at a brilliant sunset.

Where did the towels go? The crowd? Was he high?

"Let's hit the beach and flirt with some babes!"

"(Think I could pet some doggos too?)"

His befuddlement was broken as Akira frantically tapped on his shoulder and pointed at a
passing woman in a bikini. A stalwart image of mature sexiness. She turned to the two boys,
posed seductively at them and winked. 

"Maybe there's a chance you'll meet your soulmate!"

"(Y'know I'm kinda gettin' into this now!)"

 

And Ryuji started to think, as both he and Akira swooned before the woman, that maybe he
didn't need to have the answers...

"Go on, make your move!"

"Get into that summertime groove!"

(Yeah!)

And in a blink, they were back on stage, dancing around as the returning crowd tossed up
their towels from sheer unrelenting hype. The duo scrambled around the stage with wide
grins coaxing the crowd to dance along; to make some goddamn noise!

"(It's fine!)"

♪♪♪♪

"(It's fine!)"

♪♪♪♪

"(Summertime Groove!)"

Synchronised surfer poses. A perfect ending. Crowds cheering, sun beaming. Ryuji was out
of breath, but he felt incredible. Indescribable. Completely and utterly incognizant, but who
gave a shit?

 



Karaoke with Akira was AWESOME!

"You're saying that singing karaoke with Akira somehow ended with you performing on a
stage in Hawaii complete with cheering crowds and random women trying to flirt with you?"

"L-Look, I know it sounds crazy..."

"What it sounds like is that you had waaaaay too much sugar before bed," Ann muttered as
she popped a stick of pocky in her mouth and nibbled away at it like a beaver.

Coming from Ann, that was saying something. 

"I'm not lying! It felt so real! And I scored a 95 too!" Ryuji insisted. The last time he went, he
hadn't even managed to break a score of 80. It was as if Akira's overflowing energy and
enthusiasm had boosted his singing skills to superhuman levels. 

"Pfft, yeah right!" Ann rolled her eyes. Even her personal best was only 92. No way was
Ryuji better at singing than her. That was even harder to believe than this whole Hawaii mini-
musical-moment they apparently had was.

 

...

 

Although...there was a small grain of doubt that managed to work its way into her mind.
Considering what she'd experienced during the past week, could she really rule it out?

99% of her said that she could. But there was that one percent that was aware that this was
Akira they were talking about. And the things that he could do, both in the Metaverse and out
of it defied explanation.

God, she had exams to study for, a treasure to steal; did she really have the luxury to humour
this wild tale of Ryuji's?

Well, from the sound of it, Akira was super fond of karaoke, and she had been trying to find
ways to make it up to him for everything that he'd done for her and Shiho. A karaoke outing
would probably be refreshing for them. 

She'd satiate her curiosity, prove Ryuji wrong and treat Akira all in one go. 

And conveniently enough, it was that moment that Akira chose to walk back into the
classroom, munching on some jam bread from the school store. He beelined to the two
blondes while ignoring any wary stares from his peers. He'd gotten unfortunately adept at
weathering the attention.

He sat down on his chair between the pair, who looked to be in a kind of standoff. He
swallowed a mouthful of bread and looked between them with perplexity. "Did I...miss



something?" He asked. 

Ann shook her head. "No, not really," she answered. "More importantly," she leaned forward,
"after we deal with Kamoshida, would you maybe like to...do some karaoke together?"

"Would I!" 

And with a face full of a starry-eyed Akira, Ann had the vaguest sense of stepping into a
realm she probably should have left well alone...

 

And so shattered the first of seven seals...

 

Chapter End Notes

Hey, so a couple of things have happened recently. Firstly, I've just moved out of my
parents' house, so I'm trying to get used to a new environment. It's gonna be a bit weird
feeling comfortable enough to properly write.

I have been working on Chapter 8 proper, (Which this omake technically happens in the
middle of, but I wanted to write it so deal with it.) but I figured that it would be nice to
give you guys something small, like this omake. I've got loads of ideas for them. As you
can probably tell, Ryuji won't be the only one who's gonna get some Yakuza karaoke~

The second thing is something that I am genuinely astounded by: This fic has a
TVTropes page now! Yeah, it's super awesome, and I'm amazed that people liked my fic
enough to make a page for it. A user by the name of FrankTHaddock put it together a
few months ago (Thank you so much by the way.) and I've been excited to tell people,
and I'm thankful for anyone who likes my story enough to wanna check that page out.
Here it is: https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/PhantomDragonRising

I figured it was important to let you know about that stuff, while giving you a bit of an
omake as well. I hope that you liked the chapter, despite how brief it was.



Chapter 9: Battle of the Castle of Lust Part 1
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"We one-shot that bitch!"

Akira was feeling very fulfilled as he let himself fall onto one of the sofas of the final Safe
Room. The climb to the top of this rancid castle had been beyond treacherous. Shadows
lurked around every corner, and as they neared the top, the very layout shifted around them
like stretching putty. Pillars rose, stairs appeared out of nowhere, and the security grew ever
tighter

Not only that, but this place really tried hard to maintain the vibe of a mysterious castle by
throwing puzzles at them. Like the chains they had to pull in a particular order to gain access
to a map of the Palace, or the library with the books they had to re-shelve.

That latter one was Akira's favourite. The shelves were stuffed to the brim with books, each
one with a title that correlated to the figures in Kamoshida's life. Like the Slave Book that
matched to a section on male students that Kamoshida considered under him. The shelves
went on and on... 

'Ryuji Sakamoto: The Vulgar Ape', 'Mishima Yuuki: The Snivelling No-Hoper.' Even the
principal was in there, under the title of 'Principal Kobayakawa: The Pudgy Pushover'.

Then there was the King Book that obviously went in the section that spoke of Kamoshida's
general greatness and his exploits. His numerous victories on the court, the medals he won...

...the thorns he had removed...

But there was a special book thrown behind one of the bookcases, one that Akira only spotted
thanks to his Third Eye. It had a battered cover and a spine that was almost falling apart, as if
it had been kicked around, stomped on, and thrown against any wall in sight. It was called the
Foil Book. And all that was inside were maddened scrawlings of how much Kamoshida hated
Akira.

He hated his smugness, his prowess at volleyball, his rebelliousness, even his glasses. Every
conceivable thing there was to hate about a person was written in this book. The contempt
was practically woven into the ink.

Very pleasant read, all things considered. Akira highly recommended it.

It was slotted into its own section, a bookcase with similarly battered books, their damage
relative to Kamoshida's grievances towards the subjects that said books held. Akira couldn't
help but feel proud at his own book's damage compared to the others. A pride not dissimilar
to a craftsman with weathered tools.



That aside, they hadn't gone completely unopposed as they made their way through the
ostentatious halls and hopped across golden chandeliers probably worth more than several
sports cars. There were Shadows to fight almost every step of the way, and some of them
hadn't gone down easy, like that weird metal angel that had stopped them in the church. It
was certainly a cut above the other Shadows but it soon fell, like all the others. 

The team had been very thorough during the infiltration. No chest left unopened, no Shadow
left unextorted for money, items or their fealty. Every battle they went through made them
stronger, and every victory brought them closer to their prize.

And fattened their wallets. Don't forget that part.

In any case, after climbing the castle's highest tower and locating Kamoshida's throne room,
it was a simple matter of taking the upper walkway to sneak above the final Shadows and
find the treasure room behind it.

And as they cracked the lock and pushed the doors open, atop a massive pile of coins, jewels
and oversized trophies sat their prize. The Palace's Treasure. 

Sort of. 

It was a formless, wavy blob that floated in the middle of the room and didn't really look like
anything, but Morgana insisted that this was indeed the treasure they had been searching for.
Finding it had only been the first step, and the second was one that Morgana had already
explained to Akira in great detail. 

Send Kamoshida a calling card in the real world, like proper thieves, and word it in a way
that indicated that his desires were not only tangible, but stealable. That would be what
would turn this blob into the treasure they sought. Remove it from the Palace and they were
home free. Hopefully.

With the route secured, the team had doubled back to the closest Safe Room to rest before
exfiltrating. They had done it in one clean run, but Ann and Ryuji were definitely running on
fumes. Ryuji had collapsed on one of the opposite couches. Ann didn't even make it that far
and fell to the floor at her blond teammate's feet.

"Skull," Ann groaned out, sliding her mask off of her face. "We got...any water left?" She
asked. 

"Ugh...lemme check..." Ryuji took a moment to check the party's pack and eventually
withdrew a bottle of water. "Yeah, we got some."

"Good." Ann gave a small nod. "Now drown me."

It was a testament to Ryuji's own tiredness that he didn't question Ann's order, uncapped the
bottle and tipped out the water onto her face. And all that the girl could respond with was a
faint "Blllbbllbblllbbll..." 



She was soon lying in a chilly puddle on the tiled floor. A bottle of water would have
normally reached room temperature by now, but the Metaverse had a way of ignoring the
laws of thermal equilibrium on whatever they brought in. A fact that Ann was quite thankful
for.

Morgana had taken a seat besides Akira, lulling his head back into the soft backrest. He had
spent most of his energy too, just to keep up with their leader. "Holy crap, we actually did the
whole thing in one go. That's crazy..." He mumbled. 

He heard Akira chuckle and then felt him nudge his side with his hand. "Told you we could
do it!" He exclaimed. 

The boy looked over to the exhausted pair sitting across from them and he gave them a nod.
"You guys did fantastic!" He told them. Ann and Ryuji in particular had fought wonderfully,
considering that they were complete novices when it came to combat. They had given it
everything they had, up until they could finally collapse in the final Safe Room.

He did receive some slightly bitter groans from the blonde duo. Akira was sure that he was
going to be getting some glares from Ann in class tomorrow...

The teen crossed his arms and glanced back to Morgana. "So, Mona, we've secured the
infiltration route, now it's time to make a calling card, right?"

Ryuji blinked and looked at Morgana with curious expression. "A calling-whatsitnow?"

"A calling card," Morgana answered. The not-cat was about to go into an explanation before
Akira placed his hand on his hand, which resulted in a delightful mew, and then two seconds
later, a flustered squawk. "H-Hey! What's that for!?" Morgana hissed.

"Let's save that for now." Akira insisted while glancing to the other two. "We're wiped, and
I'd prefer to discuss the plan when Panther isn't trying to set my hair on fire with her mind."

"Agiiiiiiiii...!" Ann growled.

"Hell you mean "we're wiped?" You're fresh as an 'effing daisy!" Ryuji jabbed.

"It's a royal we!"

"I'm too tired to know what that means."

"You wouldn't know it if you were 100%, Skull~" Morgana cheerfully jabbed before letting
out a sigh. "You make a good point, Joker. We've secured the infiltration route, that's what
matters. We can take a few days to rest up before moving to the next phase of the plan." 

"Plus, we got a whole lotta cool stuff too!" Akira grinned at the ceiling. "Money, items, new
Personas..." He perched one leg over the other. "Yup, we've had a preee-tty good haul today."

"Joker...you look like a mob boss." Morgana deadpanned.

Akira rolled his eyes. Mob bosses wished they could be as cool as this. 



Akira let his tone become a bit more serious. He leaned forward and rested his arms on his
lap. "Remember though, this was only the first step. We still have to actually steal the
treasure, and I guarantee that Kamoshida isn't just gonna let us walk out of here with it. The
hardest, and most dangerous part, is yet to come." 

Akira laced his hands together. "We'll take a few days off to recover, be at our A-game before
we make a move on the treasure. I'll send the details of what we need to do to the group chat
tonight. If either of you have any questions, just ask me...and I'll defer to Mona." 

"What am I, an FAQ booklet?"

Ryuji groaned. "Uuuuugh, I don't wanna think about how sore I'm gonna be tomorrow." 

"Forget tomorrow," Ann mumbled. "I don't even know how I'm gonna get home tonight.
Shiho's going to ask questions..."

"Come on. You guys are all the stronger for it, and in a few days, you'll be glad you did it."
Akira assured them. 

"But everything hurts noooooow." Ann whined.

Akira gave a sigh and dug into his pack. He might have pushed them too far this time, but
hey, he was a novice leader just like they were fighters. They were all learning here. 

Nevertheless, he sympathised that their journey home was going to be a problem for them. In
that case there was only one thing for it.

Substance abuse!

Akira smiled widely while retrieving retrieved two small bottles.

"Who wants Tauriners?"

Akira and Morgana had arrived home just as Sojiro was starting to close up. After getting the
usual stink-eye and a reminder of how thin the ice he was treading on was, the man let Akira
go up to his room.

Just as Sojiro was about to lock up for the night, he thought it prudent to inform Akira that
there was curry laid out for him (because God forbid the kid pulled that hunger strike shit
again) and ascended Leblanc's stairs to inform him.

He had expected to maybe see Akira writing in his diary, studying in bed or something stupid
like doing pull-ups from the rafters. What he didn't expect was to see Akira sitting in the
center of the room with a random cat, whom he was feeding with a packet of beef jerky.

Sojiro had looked at the pair, who stared back at him like deer caught in headlights. The
exchange lasted for all of ten seconds before he pinched the bridge of his nose in
exasperation. 



"Kid...no."

"His name is Morgana...?"

For the love of...he already named it!?

"You can't keep a cat in here. I'm in the hospitality industry! I can't let an animal roam around
the cafe!"

"H-He won't roam! He's very well behaved, and I'll keep him up here when you have
customers!" Akira protested.

Sojiro groaned. He’d expected this kid to be a handful when he agreed to take him in, but
seriously!? He should have negotiated for a steeper pay...

"Where'd you even find him?" Sojiro asked.

"I... I was walking through Central Shibuya, and I saw a few brats throwing rocks at him."
Akira reached out and picked up Morgana, who gave a startled yowl at the sudden
manhandling. "I scared those little pricks away. Luckily, this little guy wasn't hurt too bad.
He's a toughie, this one."

He stroked the cat’s sleek black fur, coaxing a low purr. "He was pretty calm around me, and
he's smart, so he's probably had owners before. But he didn't have any tags or anything and
he was hanging out in an alley. I think he was abandoned." 

Sojiro's glare faltered a little. A cat that had been discarded by its owners and forced to live
on the street, to be picked on by witless punks who thought that the suffering of a defenceless
animal was funny. It was a story that plucked the strings of his godforsaken bleeding heart. 

“Abandoned, huh?” the man muttered, with a soft voice. “That’s... yeah. That’s a shame.”

He stroked his goatee and closed his eyes. He considered his options. The sensible thing to do
would just be to throw the cat out...but that really wouldn't sit right with him. And it appeared
to be every bit as well behaved as Akira had indicated.

"Christ, kid. Do you even know how to take care of a cat?" Sojiro asked. 

“I used to have a dog. Can’t be that different,” Akira offered.

"Hm... cats and dogs are different, you know." Sojiro hummed in response. Still, that was a
better answer than he'd hoped. Akira having prior experience with a pet would put him a bit
more at ease. The man looked up to the ceiling and watched a tiny speck of dust fall from the
rafters. "Well...I suppose taking care of a pet will help you keep your nose clean...." 

Dammit.

“Fine,” he said at last. “You can keep him. But he’s your responsibility. I’m not feeding him,
I'm not watching him, and he stays upstairs during business hours. If he bothers my
customers, he’s gone. Got it?”



Akira seemed more than happy with the terms, and he nodded his head. "I got it. Thanks,
Sakura--er, Boss." He corrected his slip of the tongue and looked down at the feline. "Say
thanks, Morgana!"

"Mrow!" 

Huh, Sojiro could definitely see why Akira thought the cat was smart. There was a strange
intelligence he could detect from behind those bright blue eyes. It was a little eerie how
aware the cat seemed of the situation actually...

But as long as Akira kept the cat quiet and in line, he'd have no reason to complain. 

And to be honest, how could he with that cute widdle face...?

So, Leblanc officially had a cat now. Neato.

The next order of business was actually catching Ann and Ryuji up to speed. Akira had been
courteous enough to not pile on the necessary information while they were running on fumes
and Tauriners. But ensuring that they knew what Morgana had taught him was of the highest
priority to ensure the success of the coming heist. And that needed to happen sooner rather
than later.

Akira: Hey, if you two are feeling up to it, I'd like to talk about our next steps.

He had sent that text to the group chat, initially believing that he'd need to wait a while to
hear back from either, but he was surprised to receive correspondence from both of them
within a couple of minutes.

Ryuji: 'sup? I can talk.

Ann: Just make it quick, please. I wanna sleep... I already got chewed out by Shiho.

Ryuji: Sounds shit. You didn't tell her anything, right? 

Ann: No, but she's getting suspicious about what I'm getting into. And I'm not good at lying
to her.

Ryuji: Ann, I've known you since middle school. You're not good at lying to anyone.

Akira had known Ann for only a handful of days, but that seemed to check out. Ann was a
girl that wore her heart on her sleeve.

Ann: That's uncalled for... Akira, defend me...

Ryuji: Defend yourself.

Ann: But I'm tiiiiired! 

Akira: Nope, Ryuji's right. You gotta defend yourself.



Ann: Aw, man (¬､¬)

Akira had to keep Morgana from seizing the phone himself to secondhandedly take back that
comment. Not that he would've had much success with his toe beans anyway.

Ann: But seriously, I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this from her. She's getting more
and more anxious. I told her that she doesn't have to worry about Kamoshida anymore, but...

Ryuji: I getcha. After all she's been through, she probably thinks that the bastard's just lying
in wait so he can try again when the heat dies down. Ain't anyone in the volleyball team he
hasn't scared into thinking that...

Akira could sense Ryuji's bitterness through the screen. 

Akira: It's time for that to change. We're stealing that slimeball's heart, or we'll die trying.

Ann: I would very much like to not die!

Ryuji: So then, what's our next move, Akira?

It took the teen a minute to write it all down, but he soon cobbled together a simplified set of
instructions, based on what Morgana had told him. Send a calling card in reality, infiltrate the
palace, steal the materialised treasure and get the hell out before they found themselves on
the wrong end of a knight's sword. 

It took a few seconds for the first reaction to come through.

Ryuji: Cooool! That's like, proper, super-thief stuff! Can I write the calling card? I wanna
tear that shitbag a new one!

And soon after, Ann responded.

Ann: That seems like a pretty important job. Are you sure you're up for it? If I understand
right, he needs to believe that his desires are a thing that can be stolen. If it comes across as
a weirdo's rambling, wouldn't he ignore it? And then his treasure won't appear?

Akira is typing...

Akira: Morgana says that Ann's right. The card needs to have a visceral reaction within the
cognition of the person. A scathing slog of insults are gonna go right over his head. 

Ryuji: I know that! The focus has gotta be on the heart stealing. But can't I let him know how
much of a bastard he is too? He deserves it!

Akira: Of course he does, but we can't afford to mess this up. Once we send it, there’s no
take-backs, no second chances. We can't get so caught up that we miss the point of sending
the calling card in the first place. 

Ryuji: ...just a little bit then?



Akira: Just a little. I'm not heartless.

Ann: I've got an idea. How about we get together tomorrow and we can draft some ideas?
Three heads are better than one. I bet we could come up with something brilliant!

Ann: *I meant four. I forgot about Morgana, sorry (^_ _)人

"Come on, Lady Ann, I'm not a footnote!" Morgana gave an indignant mewl. It made Akira
roll his eyes fondly. He could almost see the hearts floating up from the cat whenever Ann's
name was uttered...

Akira: Brainstorming sounds great. School roof at lunchtime works for everyone?

Ann: Works for me! 

Ryuji: Yeah, I'll be there. I actually just thought of a logo for us. I'm gonna draw it now
before I forget. 

Ann: Do we even need a logo?

Ryuji: Come on, we gotta have a logo! And a name! What's our name gonna be!?

Akira: Save it for tomorrow. Try to get some sleep for now, you guys need it after today.
Joker's orders.

Ann: Wow, what a slave driver XD I'll see you guys tomorrow then. Goodnight.

Ryuji: Imma make that logo before I hit the hay. I'm so freaking pumped! See you later!

Akira sighed and let the phone fall to his side. The vibrations that had plagued the device
from the numerous messages they'd sent each other finally fell silent. It was a little
hyperbolic to say that the silence was deafening, but it was certainly a little jarring to go from
texting so fervently to doing nothing at all. It made him feel a little restless.

So, as he was getting into the habit of doing, he turned to his lone furry companion to fill the
quiet. 

"Hey Morgana?"

The cat preened his head up a little too quickly, as if he'd also been waiting for one of them to
break the silence. "Yeah?" He asked. 

Akira quickly came to the realisation that he didn't actually have a topic to talk about, so he
just said the first thing that came to mind.

"Well I... I just want to thank you." 

"Eh?"



Akira kept on talking, the words coming into his mind as fast as he could speak them. "I
mean, you're the only reason why we're doing what we are. The only reason why there's a
light at the end of this crazy path we started. Before, we had no way out. Nothing concrete
anyway. This was a problem I couldn't punch away. But this; infiltrating a castle, dethroning
a king and stealing his treasure..." Akira glanced at Morgana. "It's a way out of this mess. A
piece of hope that you gave us. And I never actually thanked you for it. So... thanks."

Morgana couldn't even begin to fathom how to reply to that. Until now everything had been
business and the occasional joke at his expense. But to be openly acknowledged and thanked
for what he'd done...

"Um...y-you're welcome?" Morgana replied, turning his head to the side. What was going on?
Akira was supposed to be a cool badass. What was with this sappy stuff?!

...And what was this feeling in his chest when Akira mentioned that he gave them hope? Was
it pride? Embarrassment? No, it was something different. A longing...A familiarity that he
couldn't put into words...

 

"▅o▅...▅▅e...▅▅m▅n▅t▅'s h▅▅▅"

 

What the hell was this weird sense of Deja vu he was feeling? 

 

Hope...

 

Hope...

 

Hope...

 

Why was a single word so significant to him? When all other memories were seemingly lost
to the wind, why did that word resonate with him so? 

Argh! Every time he thought about it, the answer slipped away. He couldn't even get it on the
tip of his tongue!

"Hm...? You good Morgana? You've got a weird look on your face." Akira commented,
which brought the cat out of his musing.



"Y-Yeah. I was just thinking about something. Don't worry about it." Morgana replied
somewhat mutely while resting his head down on the thin mattress. 

"You sure? I'm happy lending an ear. Don't have much else to do right now." Akira
answered. 

Morgana sighed. "What we should be doing is trying to get some sleep. We had an insane day
today." 

"And an insane haul." Akira grinned as he pat the mattress, a gesture to the duffle bag hidden
beneath, containing all of their technically-ill-gotten-but-also-technically-completely-legal-
gains. "Those golden Kamoshida busts alone have got to be worth some serious cash. I mean,
a golden piece of trash is still gold, right? I wonder if I could smelt 'em to increase their
value..."

"Smelt them? I think you might be getting carried away. We might be better off finding a
fence or something. Get a smaller cut in exchange for keeping things under the radar."
Morgana proposed. 

"Ugh...Iwai mentioned something like that, but he'd take a hefty commission for that, and I
don't wanna settle for a fourth of the price. It's extortion, I tell you."

"Akira, today you held a Shadow out of a window and didn't let them back in until they gave
you all they had." Morgana deadpanned. "I swear, you're too obsessed with money..."

Akira grumbled in reply. Spoken like someone who didn't owe five million yen to a scumbag
by year's end. What he wouldn't give to be able to steal that bastard's heart...

"Come on," Morgana mewled. "You're doing enough as it is. You've secured gear and
medicine for us, you're crazy good in battle, and you're a great leader!"

"Did we ever actually elect me as leader?"

"You're the obvious choice!"

Akira chuckled and placed his hands behind his head. "You sure? I mean, you're the
Metaverse expert. I was just winging it and punching whatever got in my way the first time.
It's only when you showed up that we had a clue what we were doing." He said.

The cat shook his head fondly. "Being a leader is about more than just knowing stuff. It's
about rallying people around you, staying calm under pressure, helping a team become more
than the sum of its parts, and..." 

 

"I know that he saved our lives, but we don't have a choice. The only thing we can do
is...make sure he doesn't die for nothing."

 



Morgana paused for a second, turning his head so that Akira couldn't spot the guilt in his
eyes.

"...and making sure everyone gets back home alive." He concluded.

This was a guy who dove into the Metaverse to save his friends despite not having a Persona,
who released him from his captivity when the others were debating on freeing him or not,
who was willing to continue fighting alongside Morgana, even after Kamoshida was dealt
with.

"And you were more than willing to sacrifice him if it meant saving yourself." A traitorous
voice rumbled in his head.

No... he could never be the leader if those were the kinds of decisions he made.

Akira stared at Morgana for a few seconds. He seemed to be weighing those words—that
faith—in his head for a moment, before he finally nodded in acceptance. "Well, I'll try not to
disappoint, I guess." He replied with a slightly awkward smile.

...oh great, and now Morgana was feeling too guilty to sleep. He needed a distraction.

He stole a glance at Akira, who had just plugged in his phone to charge. "Hey… what time is
it?" Morgana asked quietly,

Akira reopened his phone to check. "About 8:26. Why?"

Hm, was it too late?

Nah. 

Morgana got to his feet (paws?) and met Akira's curious stare. "Get out of bed," he ordered.
"I'm teaching you how to make lockpicks."

"Huh?"

And that was how Akira found himself sitting at the workbench in the corner of his room,
fiddling with some of the random scraps of metal that they had acquired that day. Morgana
had gone over the steps with him during the following hour, and as expected, Akira learned
quickly. 

Then another ten minutes passed and Morgana was staring, jaw agape as Akira's hands
moved in a refined flurry while his stare was laser-focused. Morgana couldn't even see the
crafting materials under the blur of motion. 

Then, with not an ounce of drama spared, Akira slashed his pliers outwards as if he were a
samurai, slicing through an enemy ronin. His brow furrowed, his teeth bared and his created
lockpick somehow gleaming with a golden light.

The noise that Morgana let out could charitably be compared to that of a strangled parrot.



"Nothing we used was golden! What the hell?!"

The bulletin board in the middle of Shujin's hallway was unimportant on the best of days. It
had numerous flyers for different clubs, and weathered notices of school events long since
forgotten to both the students and faculty. 

But today, it was different. That board was the talk of the school, unmistakably due to the
numerous red and black cards haphazardly bespeckling its surface. The words 'TAKE YOUR
HEART' were emblazoned on the front with scratchy font, beneath a shadowy, shark-toothed
figure in a top hat.

Curious students crowded around the board, each drawn to the mysterious cards, and the
ominous content scribed onto them.

 

"Sir Suguru Kamoshida, the sinner of lust whose spotlight has long since faded. You, who
this world trusts to guide the next generation, have instead used your authority to bully

those who cannot fight back, to rob futures and innocence alike. We will not stand for this.
We will make you confess your crimes with your own mouth. We are the Phantom Thieves

of Hearts, and your twisted desires are ours to take."

 

"Whaddya think? These babies whipped up quite a stir, huh?"

Akira lowered the card he'd snatched from the board to look at Ryuji, who was giving him a
thousand-megawatt grin. He was the one who insisted on posting the cards, and Akira had to
admit that he'd done a great job. 

"Yeah," Akira nodded. "There's no way that Kamoshida can ignore being called out like
this." 

He turned his ear to the cluster of peers. He could hear the occasional "A calling card?" or "I
heard it was already posted by the time everyone got here this morning." but the rest was
mostly lost in the clamour. 

"How did you pin these up without getting caught anyway?" Akira asked. 

"Heh!" Ryuji winked and scrubbed the tip of his nose with his finger. "You shoulda seen me,
man. I was like a ninja!" He spoke with unbridled cockiness. 

Said cockiness was swiftly diminished as Morgana surfaced from Akira's bag. "Ryuji, I kept
an eye on you. You were crawling around on the floor in a hoodie humming spy music."

"Wha--! Y-You were spying' on me?! Damn cat!" 

"Well, I had to make sure you didn't screw it up! And I told you, I'm NOT a cat!"



Thankfully, before Ryuji and Morgana's scuffle could get any more heated, Ann jogged up to
them with a giddy expression. "The cards came out awesome, didn't they?" She spoke
enthusiastically. Then her glace took on a somewhat sly tone as she looked at Akira. "I mean,
we could have done a better job on the logo, buuuuut..."

Akira could feel the stares of the two blondes and cat dig into him. He let out a sigh. "There
was no reason to include a dragon in the logo. They have nothing to do with thief stuff."

"But dragons are cool!" Ryuji protested. "And you've got the whole motif going for you! The
dragon on your back, you're strong like one, not to mention the fact that you're an 'effin
dragon in Kamoshida's--"

"Who's responsible for this!?"

Ah, speak of the devil and he shall limp onto the scene. 

Kamoshida had returned to school not long after they'd cleared the Palace, but his
confrontation with Akira had left him worse for wear and unable to perform his so-called
"duties". A mercy for everyone involved. 

The fight had left the athlete bruised all over, blotches of purple and brown dotting his body
while a cooling compress was taped to his cheek. Of course, the rumours were flying around
as to how he ended up in that condition, but a stern scowl from him silenced any attempts to
get more information. The leading theory was that he got mugged, which worked well
enough for Akira. 

Even battered, the man had a presence that sent the students scrambling away as he started
frantically throwing accusations around. "Was it you?!" here and "Or was it you?!" there.

"Heh, isn't this peachy?" Morgana's tail flicked in satisfaction. "His twisted desires are called
out, and he immediately knows what we mean. A reaction like that will definitely cause the
treasure to appear." 

As the students cleared out, Kamoshida turned around, his hard gaze soon being drawn to
them. And it was fascinating to watch how quickly his blotchy face paled once he realised
who he was staring at.

Akira furrowed his brow and cracked his knuckles.

And Kamoshida used every ounce of his training and physique to limp away in the opposite
direction.

"Dayum! Kamoshida's friggin' terrified of you!" Ryuji exclaimed, his expression that of
vindictive glee. 

"He'd better be scared." Akira scoffed while placing a hand on his hip. "And if he isn't, there
are about fifteen things in this hallway I can use to remind him why he should be." He
pointed. "Those chairs, that fire extinguisher, Ann's heels."

"You are NOT using my shoes to bludgeon Kamoshida... You'd ruin them!" Ann protested.



The half-joke hung in the air for a second before the quartet cracked up in stymied laughter,
even Ann, who hadn't even intended for it to be funny. It would probably have been a weird
site if the halls weren't empty. 

They calmed down a few moments later, and Ann's smile downturned into a grimace. "That
bastard finally knows what it's like to be one of his students. Hurt. Scared. Unable to get
help...I still think it's too good for him though." She snarled. 

Akira placed his hand on the blonde's shoulder and gave it a comforting squeeze. "It'll be all
over soon. We'll steal his treasure and make him confess to everything. Shiho can come back
to school, and you'll never have to look at his disgusting face ever again."

"Remember though," Morgana interjected with a firm voice, "we've only got one shot at this.
We have to steal the treasure today. We'll get no second chances."

"That's fine..." Akira replied. His eyes traced over each of them. His friends. 

Ryuji, fists balled and jaw clenched, sparks dancing in his eyes. Ann, breathing deep,
drawing strength from every rise and fall of her chest. Morgana, fur bristled, gaze steady and
sharp.

Akira let a subtle grin creep at the corners of his mouth. 

"...Because one is all we'll need.

It was honestly a little anticlimactic afterwards, since they all had to sit through the remaining
school day. It was kind of hard to focus on calculus and upcoming midterms when they had a
goddamn heist to pull that afternoon.

They were all twitchy, ready for action. Ann dropped her pen several times from fiddling
with it too much and Akira couldn't stop his leg from bouncing. 

When the final bell rung, both of them practically exploded out of their seats, to meet in the
alleyway across from Shujin that had become their infiltration point. Ryuji met them there
shortly afterwards.

And from there, the heist was a go.

The Palace security level had risen to its maximum. The air felt more oppressive and it
buzzed angrily against their skin like it was trying to force them out. But the group of thieves
would sound no retreat. They would persevere. They'd come too far to turn back now. 

Their already established infiltration route ensured an easy path to the treasure. They didn't
have to fight a single Shadow, a luxury that lasted all the way to the treasure room. The
imposing double doors stood before them, yet still the team did not falter, and pushed them
open to reveal their prize.

And if there were any remaining doubts that the calling card hadn't worked, they were
immediately put to rest by the massive royal crown hovering in the air, dotted with jewels



and gold bands. If anything in this place screamed "steal me" it was definitely this. 

Morgana certainly seemed convinced that it was the treasure anyway, from the way that he
threw himself at the crown and snuggled it like it was a gigantic bag of catnip. 

"Mrrrrroooooow!" He purred loudly, clamping all four paws around the crown’s base in a
full-body embrace, his tail swishing with excitement.

His sudden bizarre behaviour gave the three students pause.

"Uh...the cat's actin' weird." Ryuji stated, as if that wasn't obvious enough. Their guide of
hitherto sound judgement and mind was now rubbing his face against the shiny crown like a
man—or rather, a cat—possessed.

"Meow! Meow! Mewwwww~!"

Ryuji looked over at Ann, who obviously had no idea what was going on either. She crossed
her arms in utter confusion. “Has he ever been this…uh, catty before?” she asked, turning to
Akira...

...who was frantically stabbing at the camera app on his phone to try and immortalise this
moment.

"Dude, seriously?" 

"Look at him!" Akira whined "He's adorable!" 

"Meeeeeooooooowwwww~!"

Unfortunately, pressing on the camera app 573 times made no difference to just pressing it
once and with the importance of the mission taking precedence, Akira had to reluctantly
pocket his phone. 

Next time: polaroid. 

Ryuji shook his head and sauntered up to Morgana. "Alright, that's enough, you stupid cat."
He reached out to grab Morgana by the scruff...

"HIIIIISSSSS!"

The blond let out a yelp and fell onto his butt as Mona absconded one paw from the crown to
try and claw at his hand. Blue, unfocused eyes stared at Ryuji for a few seconds. Unblinking.
Hard. Then, like nothing ever happened, Morgana went back to purring and crown snuggling.

"Th-The hell's the matter with you? You feral or something!?" Ryuji squeaked while getting
to his feet. 

"Is it possible that the treasure is affecting him somehow? Is that what twisted desires do?"
Ann asked. 



"I mean, it didn't affect any of us." Akira reasoned. "It's probably specific to Mona." 

"Anyway, someone else has got to get him, cuz I'm not getting my face clawed off." Ryuji
huffed. "Panther, he probably won't claw you. You get him."

"What!? Hell no! I don't want to get clawed either!" Ann protested. 

"Well, we can't carry the damn thing outta here with him swiping at us!" Ryuji retorted. 

Both parties then went silent and looked at Akira, who blinked, then sighed. Of course...

He slowly approached the euphoric cat, raising his arms up. "Morgana, if you can hear me,
I'm just going to pick you up. Everything's gonna be okay." He told the cat with a soft voice.
He didn't get a response, but didn't get swiped and hissed at like Ryuji either, so that was a
definite improvement. 

Akira was able to gently loop an arm around Morgana's body and used the other to stroke his
furry head. The past few days had taught Akira of that sweet spot and he was more than
happy to abuse it. 

"Meeeeeewww~" Morgana let out another purr, taking to the petting immediately. His grip on
the crown started to slacken and gradually, one by one, Akira pried each paw from the crown,
all while whispering soothing things in his ear like "I've got you" and "You're going to be
alright."

There may also have been some "Pspspsps..."'s

It was only when Morgana was completely separated from the crown that his clarity finally
returned. And with that clarity, the cat realised that he'd made an utter fool of himself and he
was currently being cradled by the team badass. 

Needless to say, he was completely mortified. Especially since Akira was still petting him!

His white fur did nothing to hide the red that filled his cheeks, and all he could do was kick
his way out of Akira's clutches and jump to the floor before the (admittedly deluxe) petting
put him in a second trance. 

"Uhm...A-Ahem... sorry about that. I don’t know what came over me," Morgana muttered,
his ears flattening in embarrassment as the coin-littered floor suddenly became the most
interesting thing in the room. Where was a hole to crawl in when he needed one...?

"You feeling alright now?" Akira questioned.

"Yeah...it was just...all of a sudden, I couldn't think. I wasn't prepared and it just...drew me in.
Human desires are something else..." Morgana answered with a little shiver 

"Well, do you think that it'll happen again? We can't have you lashing out like that." Ann
pressed.



Morgana shrunk back a little and he shook his head. "No, no! It was a one-time thing, I
swear! I’ve got it under control now." He gave the team an awkward thumbs up, as if that
would add credibility.

Ryuji stepped forward. "It better be. You were this close to slashing my face!" He informed,
pincering his thumb and forefinger.

Morgana huffed in reply. "Hmpf! Well it's not like I was damaging anything important, was
I?"

"What'd you say?!"

"Alright, break it up, you two." Ann stepped in between them before an actual fight could
break out. "Let's focus on the task at hand, please?" 

Ryuji ruffled his hair in frustration. "Haaah, you're right...but still, look at this thing!" He
approached the crown and looked it up and down. "It's got to weigh a ton. How're we gonna
lug it out of here?" 

"We might not have to." 

The trio looked at Akira, who walked past the crown and rested his hands on the bars of the
treasure room's window. They were thicker than anything they had seen thus far. A quick
wiggle confirmed their sturdiness, as well as Akira's thought process.

He turned to the team with a grin. "Panther. I'm going to need fire. And Skull, I'll need a
Tarukaja..."

 

The dragon on his back flashed yellow...

The throne room was flooded with tension as Shadow Kamoshida’s ground his teeth in fury.
He sat upon his throne, one hand clutching a volleyball tight enough to make the leather
squeak beneath his grip, and the other wrapped around his princess, who answered with
nothing but airheaded moans.

This throne room would be the stage for his brilliant ambush. He was beyond furious that
these thieves had got as far as his treasure room. They were probably getting their filthy mitts
on his greatest treasure right now.  

But it would be a necessary sacrifice for the roaches to deliver themselves right into his
hands. There was no other way out of that room, and the crown was unwieldy in anyone's
hands other than his. They would come this way and he would dispose of them. 

Every muscle in his body was tense in anger. The sheer outrage he felt from seeing his
authority publicly challenged on the bulletin board could melt an iceberg. The halls crawling
with gossip and whispers, students staring at his bandaged face with poorly veiled curiosity...



Each inconvenience made the very walls of his castle feel thinner, more vulnerable. His hard-
won lifestyle was being stripped away by the day. By the dragon and by these damned
thieves. 

But all that was about to change. He would crush those pesky rats into a bloody paste, and
everything would be right again. He'd stand unopposed once again. He would be the king
again...

...but what on earth was taking those thieves so long? They should have been here by now...

His teeth ground in impatience, counting the seconds it took for his prey to show. Any
moment now. They'd be here any moment now...

 

KER-CHUNK!

 

That awful sound of metal being torn away, as well as the way the throne room shook slightly
had Kamoshida's stomach lodging in his throat. Something was wrong. Something was very
seriously wrong!

His ambush plan quickly forgotten, Kamoshida sprang up from his throne and sprinted over
to his treasure room. But a part of him already knew that it was too late. 

As he shoved the double doors open, he was met with a room devoid of thieves, devoid of his
precious crown...and devoid of the bars that were supposed to be blocking off the window.

Kamoshida gaped at the scene. His brain tried to process the fact that the thieves had
outmaneuvered him once again. But in the end, it could only produce a single word.

 

"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU--!!!"

Chapter End Notes

Well, finally another main chapter out. I hope that you considered it a nice read. If you
think that it was a bit abrupt, then you'd think right, since I decided to split the chapter
before the Kamoshida fight in the interests of getting a chapter out at all.

I look back at the first year of this fanfic and I am amazed at how much progress I was
able to make, but as I said before, my motivation is not what it used to be. I could be
inert for five weeks, and then suddenly decide to write 400 words, and that's how it's
been recently. I'm sorry if that makes the chapters seem rushed. In my head, I want the



chapters to be better. To be amongst the best that I can provide, like other authors on this
site that genuinely blow my mind with how brilliantly their stories are written.

Nowadays, I'm kind of writing to reach the scenes I wish to write about. I don't want to
let you down, and I don't wanna let myself down. I am grateful for each and every one
of you who continues to read my stories despite my abysmal upload schedule, and I
hope you can forgive the shorter chapter. I don't know if I'll do shorter chapters in the
future like this, but if it helps speed me up...

In any case, thank you for reading, and I hope you all have a great day.



Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!